--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
 
 
 
Kvika banki hf. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
€750,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €750,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Kvika banki 
hf.  (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Notes and Registered Notes) or in uncertificated and dematerialised book 
entry form and cleared through the Nasdaq CSD Iceland (CSD) (CSD Notes).  As more fully described herein, Notes may be issued on a (i) senior 
preferred basis (Senior Preferred Notes); (ii) senior non-preferred basis (Senior Non-Preferred Notes); or (iii) subordinated basis (Subordinated 
Notes), in each case, as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €750,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined herein)), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to 
be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. Without 
prejudice to the other risks described in “Risk Factors”, potential investors should note that in a winding-up of the Issuer, under current 
Icelandic law, Senior Preferred Noteholders (and, therefore, also Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Noteholders) will rank behind all 
depositors of the Issuer. See “Risk Factors – The claims of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated 
to claims of the Issuer’s depositors in the event of a winding-up” and Condition 3.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require 
the publication of a prospectus in accordance with Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to the Irish 
Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list of Euronext 
Dublin (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market (the Regulated Market). The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II. Reference in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to 
the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
The Issuer intends to request that the Central Bank of Ireland provide the competent authority in Iceland (Financial Supervisory Authority of the 
Central Bank of Iceland) with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the

--- Page 2 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
2 
 
Prospectus Regulation (the Notification). The Issuer may request the Central Bank of Ireland to provide competent authorities in additional Member 
States within the EEA with a similar notification. Following provision of the Notification, the Issuer may apply for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a similar notification 
has been made), either together with a listing on the Regulated Market or as a single listing. If any Notes issued under the Programme are to be listed 
on the Nasdaq Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a notification has been made), this will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in 
this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any state securities 
commission or any other United States regulatory authority and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to United States tax law requirements. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.   
 
Arranger 
Swedbank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Jefferies 
Kvika 
Nordea 
Swedbank 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 11 March 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
3 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”) of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. The information in the sections entitled “Iceland and Financial 
Markets” on pages 156 to 158 has been extracted from publications by the Central Bank of Iceland, 
Statistics Iceland, Iceland Chamber of Commerce, where indicated as such. The Issuer confirms 
that, in each case, such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by those sources, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to 
be incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
website referred to in this document does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the 
interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other 
information which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (Final 
Terms) or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (Pricing Supplement) substantially 
in the form set out under “Form of Final Terms” and “Form of Pricing Supplement”, respectively, 
below.  
In relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms 
relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. Copies of Final Terms will also be available from 
the registered office of the Issuer and from the offices of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined 
below). 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or

--- Page 4 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
4 
 
(ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing 
any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, 
and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this 
Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or 
other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, 
and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and 
sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the 
United Kingdom (UK) and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) with respect to the 
EEA only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes.  Accordingly, any person making or 
intending to make an offer of Notes in that EEA Member State may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  Further, this Base Prospectus has 
been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) will with respect to the UK only be offered to the public 
pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA).

--- Page 5 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
5 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in any Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of 
its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the relevant Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the currency in which such investor’s financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour 
of financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and 
the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  The Notes have not 
been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the 
foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any representation to the 
contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of 
time. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of 
any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes

--- Page 6 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
6 
 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97  (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of 
any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, such Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement may include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A 
distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product

--- Page 7 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
7 
 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and 
benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required 
to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement to reflect any change in the registration status of 
the administrator.   
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product 
Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) 
of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the SFA). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification 
of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend included 
on the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will constitute notice 
to “relevant persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
GREEN FINANCING INSTRUMENTS 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any “green” or “environmental” assessment of 
any Green Financing Instruments (as defined herein) or makes any representation or warranty 
or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding 
any “green” or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for any assessment of any Eligible 
Assets (as defined herein) or the use of proceeds of any Green Financing Instruments, nor the 
impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the 
Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with any issue of Green Financing Instruments, nor is any such opinion 
or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event 
any Green Financing Instruments are, or are intended to be listed or admitted to trading or 
otherwise displayed on any dedicated “green”, “environmental” or other equivalently labelled 
segment of any stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by

--- Page 8 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
8 
 
the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the 
Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the 
years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 2022 (together, the Annual Financial Statements), which have been 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Annual 
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (EU).  
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus 
will have the meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other 
section of this Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may 
vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation 
of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision 
of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; to 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and to ISK, króna or krónur refer to the currency of 
Iceland. In addition, all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of 
the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s intentions, 
beliefs or current expectations and projections about its future business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and 
opportunities and the markets in which it operates.  They include statements concerning the 
Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations and performance and the 
assumptions underlying these forward looking statements.  When used in this Base Prospectus, 
the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “projects”, “expects”, “believes”, “hopes”, “intends”, 
“plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”, “should”, and any similar expressions 
generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward looking statements are contained 
in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Issuer” and other sections of this 
Base Prospectus.  The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current view of 
its management with respect to future events and financial performance, taking into account 
information currently available to the Issuer.  Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, 
estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date

--- Page 9 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
9 
 
of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those 
identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of 
the Issuer’s underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual 
results of operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. The Issuer’s beliefs, 
assumptions and expectations can change as a result of possible events or factors, not all of which 
are known to the Issuer or are within its control. If a change occurs, the Issuer’s business, results 
of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, 
strategies or opportunities may vary materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these 
forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
(a) 
the Issuer’s ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
(b) 
the performance of the markets in Iceland and the wider region in which the Issuer 
operates; 
(c) 
the Issuer’s ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
(d) 
the Issuer’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future investments and projects; and 
(e) 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer 
and its customers operate. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and 
regulations, the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the 
date of this Base Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained 
herein to reflect any change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based. 
_________________________________________ 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
10 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................. 11 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 19 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 50 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 51 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................. 56 
Form of Pricing Supplement ................................................................................................................. 75 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 91 
Use of Proceeds................................................................................................................................... 152 
Iceland and Financial Markets ............................................................................................................ 156 
Description of the Issuer ..................................................................................................................... 159 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 177 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 179 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 184

--- Page 11 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
11 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form 
other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case 
of listed Notes only and if appropriate, a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Kvika banki hf.  
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Jefferies GmbH 
Kvika banki hf. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €750,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time.  The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) 
including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes

--- Page 12 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
12 
 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing 
and 
Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
CSD Account Manager: 
Kvika banki hf.  
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in (i) bearer form, (ii) registered form or (iii) 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and cleared through 
the CSD, in each case as described in “Form of the Notes”.  Registered 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or CSD Notes. Bearer 
Notes will not be exchangeable for Registered Notes or CSD Notes. 
CSD Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes.   
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined, subject to 
the successor or alternative reference rate provisions in Condition 5.3, 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of 
a commercial quotation service. on the basis of a reference rate 
appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 13 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
13 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant Reset 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed 
rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-
market swap rate or a rate based on the yield for an identified 
government bond or certain government bonds (in each case relating 
to the relevant Specified Currency), and for a period equal to the Reset 
Period, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Reset Notes and 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interest on Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes will bear interest adjusted for inflation in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 4.5 and payable 
on such date or dates as may be agreed with the Issuer. Inflation 
Linked Notes will be redeemed by payment of one or more amounts 
adjusted for inflation in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Condition 6.15, constituting payments of principal in relation to such 
Inflation Linked Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes may only be issued in the form of CSD Notes. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Amortising Notes: 
Inflation Linked Amortising Notes will bear interest and will be 
redeemed by payment of one or more amounts, adjusted in each case 
for inflation in accordance with the provisions set out in 
Conditions 4.6 and 5.8, which will be payable on such date or dates as 
may be agreed with the Issuer.  
Inflation Linked Amortising Notes may only be issued in the form of 
CSD Notes. 
Other provisions in relation 
to Inflation Linked Notes 
Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Amortising Notes may 
have variable interest amounts and principal amounts. Interest on 
Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Amortising Notes in

--- Page 14 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
14 
 
and 
Inflation 
Linked 
Amortising Notes: 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on the relevant Interest 
Payment Dates. The interest payable will be calculated in accordance 
with the formula set out in Condition 4.5 for Inflation Linked Notes 
and Condition 4.6 for Inflation Linked Amortising Notes. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
Notes may be converted from one Interest Basis to another if so 
provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement.  
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer (including, in the case of Subordinated Notes, upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event and, in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, upon the occurrence of an 
MREL Disqualification Event, as the case may be) or pursuant to the 
Clean-up Redemption Option, in each case, upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on (in the case of Exempt Notes only) such 
other terms as may in each case be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  The terms of any such redemption, including notice 
periods, any relevant conditions to be satisfied and the relevant 
redemption dates and prices will be indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
 
No early redemption of the Notes may take place without the prior 
written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent such 
consent is required). See Condition 6.13.  
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA 
or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA or the UK in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation or the FSMA (as applicable) will be €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction, except as required by law, as provided in Condition 8.  In 
the event that any such deduction is made, in the case of a payment of 
interest only, the Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances

--- Page 15 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
15 
 
provided in Condition 8, be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Enforcement Events: 
The terms of the Notes will contain enforcement events relating only 
to non-payment (allowing a Noteholder to institute proceedings in 
Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such 
Noteholder) and the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided 
that a Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer. 
Status 
of 
the 
Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall rank 
pari passu among themselves and (subject to such mandatory 
exceptions as are from time to time applicable under Icelandic law) at 
least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding and senior to any Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
In relation to obligations required to be preferred by law, current 
Icelandic law provides that, in the event that the Issuer enters into 
winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings, the claims of the holders of the Notes and any 
relative Coupons will be subordinated to the claims of all of the 
Issuer’s depositors. 
Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.  
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or 
analogous proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise of public 
authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or 
arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the 
Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(b) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of 
the Issuer; 
(c) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer 
and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, any Subordinated Notes); and 
(d) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer 
and (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are 
not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 16 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
16 
 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. 
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or 
analogous proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise of public 
authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or 
arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the 
Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations 
thereunder) shall, subject to mandatory provisions of Icelandic law 
including but not limited to any Icelandic implementation of Article 
48(7) of the BRRD,  rank: 
(a) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(b) 
pari passu with  present or future claims in respect of Parity 
Securities; 
(c) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior 
Securities; and 
(d) 
junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior 
Creditors.  
Subordinated 
Notes 
– 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 6.11 applies, if at any time 
a Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness 
or enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer may, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 6.13 (if, and to the extent so required), either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for, or vary 
their terms (including changing the governing law of Condition 17 
from English law to Icelandic law) so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined 
in Condition 6.11), as further provided in Condition 6.11.  
Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
–Substitution or Variation  
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 6.12 applies, if at any time 
a Tax Event or an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, or to ensure 
the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer may, 
subject to the provisions of 6.13 (if, and to the extent so required), 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary their terms (including 
changing the governing law of Condition 17 from English law to 
Icelandic law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities 
or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 6.12), as the case may 
be, as further provided in Condition 6.12. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal 
to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) below) from each issue of Notes

--- Page 17 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
17 
 
will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be:  
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or  
(b) 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the Issuer’s 
investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement and the Issuer’s Green Funding 
Framework 
dated 
February 
2024 
(as 
amended 
or 
supplemented from time to time) (the Green Funding 
Framework) 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://kvika.is/en/fjarfestaupplysingar/?category=funding&
subCategory=3); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds 
as stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series.  Notes which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or 
markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, except for the CSD Notes and (in the 
case of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes) the provisions of 
Condition 3 which shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK 
and Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the

--- Page 18 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
18 
 
Notes herein, in which event the relevant provisions will be included 
in the relevant Pricing Supplement (as defined herein).

--- Page 19 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
19 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of risk factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes.  It is not possible to identify all such risk factors, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant risk factors and certain risk factors which it currently deems to be non-material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control.  The Issuer has identified 
in this Base Prospectus a number of risk factors which could materially adversely affect its business 
and ability to make payments due under the Notes. Investors may lose all or part of their investment in 
the Notes and could result in investors losing all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in (or 
otherwise incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Set forth below are certain risks that could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s future business, 
operating results or financial condition. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Business Activities and Industry 
Should one or more of the Issuer’s counterparties fail to meet obligations it could result in an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, operations, and stability 
Granting of credit is one of the Issuer’s main sources of income; consequently, one of the Issuer’s 
primary sources of risk is counterparty credit risk, which can significantly affect the financial stability 
of the Issuer. Credit risk is defined as the risk that the Issuer will incur losses due to a counterparty 
defaulting on debt, or debt equivalent instruments, granted by the Issuer. Credit risk includes loans to 
customers, guarantees, loan commitments and derivative transactions. Additional assets such as 
deposits in bank accounts and accounts receivables qualify, among others, as credit risk. However, the 
largest part of the Issuer’s credit risk involves lending to individuals and legal entities. Information on 
the Issuer’s loan portfolio and credit quality of financial assets can be found in note 47. and 48. of the 
Issuer’s financial statements for the period ending 31 December 2023, which have been incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. Failure to accurately assess credit risk could increase credit risk 
exposure, which could increase the amount of credit losses accrued by the Issuer and have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition. 
A sectorial, single-name and/or geographical concentration of the loan portfolio could affect the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and operations 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is concentrated in key sectors, which include real estate, construction, service 
activities, financial entities and holding companies. See note 48. a. of the Issuer’s financial statements 
for the period ending 31 December 2023 which have been incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. Downturns in these sectors that influence customers’ ability to meet their obligations may 
ultimately have an adverse effect on the quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio and increase the amount 
of credit losses.

--- Page 20 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
20 
 
Economic downturns could affect the Issuer’s loan portfolio such as increased loan impairments 
granted by the Issuer  
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is mainly composed of loans to Icelandic businesses. Increased corporate 
insolvency and reduced disposable income may reduce the customers’ ability to repay loans granted by 
the Issuer. This may lead to a higher impairment of loans in the Issuer’s loan portfolio.    
The Issuer maintains a loan portfolio with emphasis on the general quality of lending, rather than 
quantity. Emphasis is placed on a robust and efficient lending process that contributes to the quality of 
the loan portfolio in relation to customer risk categorisation and pledged collateral quality classification. 
Emphasis is placed on providing first-class specialised banking services which utilise a flexible 
infrastructure. Failings during the lending process might lead to negative evaluations of the quality of 
the borrower and therefore affect the credit quality of the loan portfolio. 
The loan portfolio is unique with respect to composition and duration. As of 31 December 2023, the 
duration of the loan portfolio was relatively short or just over two years. 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Group) applies the same valuation methods to 
collateral held as other comparable assets held by the Group. For other types of assets, the Group uses 
third party valuation where possible. Haircuts are applied to account for liquidity and other factors 
which may affect the collateral value of the asset, or other credit enhancement.  
The loan-to-value ratio (LTV) is the ratio of the gross amount of the loan to the value of the collateral, 
if any. The general creditworthiness of a customer is viewed as the most reliable indicator of the credit 
quality of a loan. Valuation of collateral held against loans is updated as deemed necessary based on 
price volatility and liquidity. An incorrect valuation of collateral can lead to increased credit losses due 
to a lower than anticipated collectable value of the pledged collateral and therefore can have an effect 
on the Issuer’s financial position. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of counterparties repaying loans earlier than expected 
Prepayment risk is the risk that the Issuer will incur a financial loss because its counterparties request 
repayment of loans earlier than expected. Changes in interest rates could influence the customer’s 
willingness and ability to make unscheduled early payments on loans granted by the Issuer. This could 
lead to decreased interest income for the Issuer and therefore have an effect on the Issuer’s financial 
position. In particular, the prepayment of fixed interest rate loans (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
a majority of the Issuer’s loan book is comprised of floating rates loans) could have a negative impact 
on the Issuer’s net interest income due to the fact that the interest rate environment might be lower at 
the time of repayment, which would lead to the Issuer re-lending at a lower fixed interest rate on a new 
fixed interest rate loan, or due to increased competition in fixed rate lending. 
The Issuer is exposed to a wide range of market risks. The most significant risk factors include interest 
rate, equity, foreign exchange and inflation risks 
Market risk constitutes risk due to changes in the market prices of financial instruments and comprises 
interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk. The Issuer has a strict policy on controlling market 
risk and keeping its exposure within set limits. Risk Management monitors market risk limits daily and 
reports regularly to the Asset and Liability Committee and to the CEO. Failure to address and monitor 
market risk could affect the Issuer’s financial position and credibility. 
The Issuer is mainly exposed to market risk caused by changes in equity prices, bond yields and 
currency exchange rates that can adversely affect the Issuer’s financial position. The Issuer has both 
direct and indirect exposure to market risk. The Issuer is directly exposed to market risk through its 
activities and holdings in the following departments: Corporate Banking, Proprietary Trading, Capital

--- Page 21 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
21 
 
Markets and Treasury departments, as well as through its subsidiary, TM tryggingar hf. (TM 
Insurance), which has a large portfolio of securities. These direct exposures arise from the holding of 
financial instruments, in addition to the operation of market making services for domestic issuers of 
securities. Furthermore, indirect market risk arises through the activities of Asset Management and 
Corporate Finance, as the main source of income for these departments is performance fees, in addition 
to total amount of assets under management. 
Changes in market variables directly impact the assets of the Issuer’s trading portfolios, which are 
marked-to-market daily, recognising gains and losses immediately in the income statement. The Issuer’s 
trading portfolios consist of market making portfolios for both stocks and bonds, as well as a trading 
portfolio for proprietary trading. Furthermore, there is market risk exposure in the treasury portfolio 
and the investment portfolio. The treasury portfolio contains securities positions, which are considered 
part of the Issuer’s active financial management, such as liquid assets. Investment securities that are not 
actively traded are valued either at amortised cost or at fair value. Further market risk due to assets and 
liabilities on- and off-balance sheet can arise, due to currency mismatches, interest rate imbalances and 
indexation.  
The Asset and Liability Committee addresses the Issuer’s market risk in accordance with the defined 
rules of the committee and may, in cooperation with Risk Management, set more detailed criteria for 
positions and define limits and targets. Exceeding of limits are immediately reported to the Asset and 
Liability Committee and the CEO and decisions on appropriate actions are made in accordance with the 
severity of the violation. 
Risk Management measures the direct risk of trading portfolios daily, using statistical value at risk 
(VaR) methods. VaR is a measure of the financial risk in the investment portfolio using a 99 per cent.  
confidence level and one-day holding period. Limits are set by Risk Management for risk arising from 
both equity and debt securities in market making portfolios, and the limits are monitored by Risk 
Management daily. Failure to correctly estimate VaR could cause unexpected losses in the trading 
portfolio, which would affect the Issuer’s financial position. 
Failure to accurately assess and manage market risk could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
financial condition. 
Interest Rate Risk  
Interest rate risk refers to the risk of loss due to general interest rate changes. The Issuer’s interest rate 
risk is twofold. On the one hand, the Issuer has a portfolio of bonds, where market rates affect prices, 
and any fluctuations are recognised through the income statement. On the other hand, the Issuer has a 
mismatch in assets and liabilities with fixed interest terms. These include loans and swap contracts for 
securities on the asset side and borrowings and deposits on the liability side. The impact of interest rate 
changes on the Issuer’s performance is determined by the characteristics of the Issuer’s assets and 
liabilities, particularly interest rate revision provisions. Thus, interest rate hikes can reduce the value of 
loans with fixed interest rates, while raising the cost of funding. The interest rate change has a lasting 
effect if interest rates are fixed over the contract period, while the effect is limited to the next interest 
rate revision date, if the interest rates are variable. 
The Group performs monthly sensitivity analysis on financial assets and liabilities in trading and non-
trading portfolios that are subject to interest rate risk. The sensitivity analysis assumes a shift in the 
yield curves for all currencies.  
Failure to accurately assess and manage interest rate risk could increase the Issuer’s trading and non-
trading portfolio losses and could affect the Issuer’s loan portfolio through reduced interest rate income, 
which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition.

--- Page 22 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
22 
 
Equity Risk 
Increased uncertainty in the financial markets contributes towards increased volatility in equity markets, 
which will affect the Issuer’s business. Equity risk arises from the change in value of individual equity 
exposures. The Issuer has equity risk exposure towards positions held in the trading book and positions 
in the non-trading portfolio. Increased volatility and fluctuations in the equity markets could indirectly 
affect the Issuer’s accrued performance fees related to equity markets and cause severe direct losses in 
the Issuer’s trading portfolios. 
Currency Risk 
Currency risk arises from fluctuations in the currency rate of financial instruments that are not 
denominated in the functional currency of the Issuer, the Icelandic króna. A part of the Issuer’s financial 
assets and financial liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies.  
Treasury manages the Issuer’s position in foreign currencies by buying and selling currency and 
derivatives. Currency positions are monitored daily by Risk Management and Treasury and reported 
monthly to the Asset and Liability Committee and the Central Bank of Iceland (CBI). Any mismatch 
between assets and liabilities in each currency is monitored closely and maintained within limits.  
The Issuer is subject to restrictions set by the CBI (see Rules no. 784/2018 on Foreign Exchange 
Balance), regarding the maximum size of open currency positions; these must not exceed 15 per cent.  
of the capital base.  
There is uncertainty regarding the remaining restrictions relating to the capital controls. There is also 
no guarantee that the CBI will not re-impose some elements of the capital controls that have already 
been lifted. Direct foreign investment in Iceland may be affected by the potential scenario that capital 
restrictions are re-imposed in the future. This would severely limit the growth of the Icelandic economy 
and therefore have a severe effect on the business growth potential of the Issuer.  
CPI/Inflation Risk 
Exposure to changes in the Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI) bears the risk that fluctuations in the 
CPI will affect the balance and cash flow of indexed financial instruments. The Issuer is exposed to 
Icelandic inflation caused by the imbalance of CPI indexed assets and CPI indexed liabilities. Indexed 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer consist of securities and interest rate swap agreements, as well as 
indexed deposits and loans to customers. 
The Issuer controls its indexation risk through derivatives contracts and sales and purchases of indexed 
bonds, mostly government bonds, and thus keeps its inflationary position within the limits of the 
maximum 100 per cent. of the capital base, as defined by the Asset and Liability Committee.  
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk. Unexpected changes in the underlying mechanisms of funding 
sources could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they reach 
maturity 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will encounter difficulty in meeting contractual payment 
obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or other financial 
assets. This risk mainly arises from mismatches in the timing of maturing cash flows from assets and 
liabilities.  The Issuer’s largest funding source is deposits from individuals, corporations and financial 
institutions. A sudden outflow of deposits from customers might have an adverse effect on the liquidity 
position of the Issuer and therefore, its financial position.

--- Page 23 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
23 
 
Liquidity management is carried out by Treasury and monitored by Risk Management. The liquidity 
position is reported to the Asset and Liability Committee.  
The Issuer continuously maintains liquidity and funding ratios in accordance with the CBI’s Rules on 
Credit Institutions’ Liquidity Ratios, no. 266/2017. The rules include requirements for the coverage 
ratio between cash flows of assets and liabilities (LCR) as well as the required stable funding in foreign 
currencies (NSFR).  
The minimum 30-day LCR for all currencies has been 100 per cent. from 2020. Further, the CBI 
amended the Rules on Credit Institutions’ Liquidity Ratios, no. 266/2017 in 2019 where a requirement 
was set on the minimum 30-day LCR ratio for ISK. The requirement was 30 per cent. in the years 2020 
and 2021, the requirement was 40 per cent. and is currently 50 per cent. from 1 January 2023. The 
minimum NSFR for all currencies has been 100 per cent. from 2020. The Group has followed internal 
and external liquidity requirements since 2020. The Issuer’s aim is to keep a steady 30-day LCR above 
130 per cent. and a foreign NSFR above 150 per cent., in compliance with the Issuer’s internal risk 
limits set by Risk Management and the Asset and Liability Committee.  
Maturity analysis of financial assets and financial liabilities is based on contractual cash flows or, in the 
case of held for trading securities, expected cash flows. If an amount receivable or payable is not fixed, 
for example, for inflation indexed assets and liabilities, the maturity analysis uses estimates based on 
current conditions. 
The Issuer has established guidelines regarding the matching of maturities of assets and liabilities. 
Furthermore, to ensure the ability to meet liquidity needs, the Issuer maintains a stock of highly liquid 
unencumbered assets, such as cash, treasury bills and bonds.  
Failure to accurately assess and manage liquidity risk could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s funding ability and liquidity position, therefore causing a severe effect on the Issuer’s financial 
position. 
One of the Issuer’s main business lines is insurance operations, which operate through its subsidiary, 
TM Insurance. Insurance risk is divided into two groups, Premium risk and Reserve risk, in order to 
segregate between current and future claims. 
Premium risk 
The Issuer’s insurance contracts insure events associated with human life, for example death or critical 
illness, in addition to assets such as motor vehicles, marine vessels and cargo, and personal possessions. 
In its essence, insurance is a transfer of risk from the holder of a contract to the Issuer. Such risks include 
financial loss due to accident, damage, theft, illness, disability or death. The Issuer would compensate 
certain losses of customers against payment of a premium. Specific risks arise in the Issuer’s operations 
as premiums are predetermined, whilst the compensation for losses are provided at a later point and 
cannot be determined in advance.  
Premium risk is the risk that future claims, in addition to related expenses, will be higher than 
anticipated at the point where premiums for current insurance contracts are calculated, meaning the 
Issuer will have underestimated the amount of insurance cover guaranteed to customers. This may be 
caused by inaccurate assumptions, as well as by temporary effects from large individual claims. The 
nature of claims may be different than expected or have changed due to developments in society. The 
Issuer monitors the frequency of claims and distribution of single claim amounts within each category 
and responds with changes in pricing or product development where necessary. Premium risk can be 
reduced by distributing the risk between insurance groups and by entering into reinsurance contracts 
for claims of significant value. An increase in the frequency or severity of claims can affect the Issuer’s 
results of operations in the short term.

--- Page 24 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
24 
 
Reserve risk 
Reserve risk is the risk that existing, but not yet settled, claims will be higher than estimated. Negative 
developments can result from notified, but not yet settled, claims being undervalued and from claims, 
which are not yet notified, being higher in value than expected. The negative impacts can be caused by 
both actual indemnification of the claimant, as well as related expenses, such as clearance of ruins and 
cost of expert services in evaluations and settlement of claims. 
The Issuer’s outstanding claims are based on the evaluation of the final cost of all unsettled claims. 
Significant uncertainty in that evaluation is inevitable. There can be a significant delay from when a 
loss is incurred, to when a claim is notified to the Issuer, as the loss may not have been discovered, or 
the claimant may not be aware of their right to compensation. Even when damage is discovered, its 
consequences can remain unknown or uncertain until a period of time has elapsed; for example, where 
an asset is damaged, the extent of the damage may not become clear until repair has begun, and 
permanent or long-term consequences of personal accidents may only become known long after the 
occurrence of the accident. Consequences of damage may therefore at first be under or over-estimated. 
There are also cases where notified claims are not compensated by the Issuer, because either no loss 
was incurred, the claim did not fall under the terms of the insurance contract, or the claim did not exceed 
the insurance excess of the insured. 
Risk regarding the operations of the Issuer 
The Group has continuously grown its business over the last years which has led to new 
implementations of systems and diversification in the Group’s business activities. Operational risk is 
relevant to all of the Issuer’s activities 
Operational risk is the risk of financial losses resulting from the failure or inadequacy of internal 
processes or systems, due to employee error, fraud or other external events.  
The Issuer will at all times attempt to properly and actively manage risks. The Issuer’s risk management 
may not at all times be able to protect the Issuer against certain risks, especially risks that have not been 
identified or cannot be anticipated. The risk management methods may not take all risks into account, 
and it is possible that the methods are incorrect or based on incorrect information. Unanticipated or 
incorrectly quantified risk exposures could materially affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. Multiple mergers and acquisitions, as well as organic growth over the past 
years as the Issuer has diversified its operations, has resulted in increased income across different 
business segments. Despite the benefits of diversification, diversification also presents added 
operational risk due to the different nature of businesses and their operational systems and processes. 
Further, integration of merged entities can create short-term operational risk as new entities and/or 
operations are integrated into the Issuer’s systems and processes. 
The Issuer is in the process of divesting it’s insurance operations. An unsuccessful sales and/or listing 
process or failure of redeployment of proceeds could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business  
In October 2023, the Issuer disclosed its plan to divest its insurance operations, conducted through its 
subsidiary TM Insurance, through formal sales and market listing processes simultaneously underway. 
As of the date of this prospectus, the Issuer has received non-binding offers for the acquisition of all or 
a portion of its shares in TM Insurance and has selected four investors to proceed with in the sales 
process. However, it is uncertain whether these processes will culminate in binding offers, potentially 
leading to the sale of the company in its entirety or its listing. There is no assurance that the Issuer will 
secure sufficient offers for its shares in TM Insurance, whether through the sales process or listing. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has declared its intention to retain a portion of the proceeds from the sale to fuel 
organic growth, primarily focusing on expanding lending activities, for example, through a new retail

--- Page 25 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
25 
 
mortgage offering. Nonetheless, there is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to utilize the retained 
capital to generate satisfactory returns or within the anticipated timeframe. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of security breaches and unauthorized access of confidential 
information. The failure in functionality of the Issuer’s information systems could have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business  
The rapid development of technology has led to greater attention and importance of acknowledging 
information and communication technology risk, as most of the Issuer’s operations rely entirely on 
information, information processing and automated information systems. Therefore, any incidents that 
compromise the information and communication solutions used by the Issuer can have a serious impact 
on the Issuer’s business processes. These incidents can be various and either random, malicious or 
accidental, such as, destruction of data or data theft (for example, from cyber-attacks), errors and 
omissions, or system disruptions. These incidents could have a material effect on the Issuer’s operations 
and business.  
Due to the nature of providing banking services, the safe handling and processing of customer’s 
personal data and other confidential information is an important part of the Issuer’s daily operations. 
The same applies to the Issuer’s subsidiaries, including, but not exclusive to, Kvika eignastýring hf. 
(Kvika Asset Management), Kvika Securities Ltd. (Kvika UK) and TM Insurance. The Issuer and the 
subsidiaries are legally responsible for safeguarding personal data and confidential information, and 
must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws, including rules on bank secrecy, when 
handling and processing such data.   
Pursuant to Act no. 161/2002 on Financial Undertakings (Act on Financial Undertakings), the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors (the Board), managing directors, auditors, employees and any persons undertaking 
tasks on behalf of the Issuer, are bound by an obligation of confidentiality concerning any information 
of which they may become aware in the course of their duties regarding business or private concerns of 
the Issuer’s customers. They may not disclose any such information unless they are obliged to do so by 
law. This obligation is commonly referred to as bank secrecy.  
To protect confidential information, and to ensure compliance with rules on bank secrecy, the Issuer 
has implemented appropriate security measures, such as internal rules on information concerning the 
Issuer’s customers, which apply to the work of all the Issuer’s employees, board members, auditors, 
contractors and any other parties who undertake work on behalf of the Issuer. Further, all data access is 
controlled through dedicated access control systems to ensure data security and an overview of who is 
permitted to access which data. Access reviews are performed annually to maintain the quality of access 
control. Moreover, contracts with third-party service providers generally include confidentiality 
obligations which restrict the providers from using or disclosing any confidential information they 
receive from the Issuer. A performance failure or operational error by third-party service providers 
could have a material effect on the Issuer’s business and operations. 
However, security measures, such as confidentiality agreements, may not fully prevent the unauthorised 
use or disclosure of confidential information, or allow the Issuer to seek reimbursement from a third-
party in the case of a breach of confidentiality obligations towards the Issuer. Act no. 90/2018, on Data 
Protection and the Processing of Personal Data (Data Protection Act), which implements the European 
General Data Protection Regulation, came into force in July 2018. The Data Protection Act included 
significant changes to the previous data protection legislation. To protect personal data, the Issuer has 
implemented appropriate security measures in accordance with the requirements of the new legal 
regime, including a data protection policy. The Issuer’s data protection policy specifies the personal 
data that the Issuer can process, for what purposes, for how long the data can be stored, which third 
parties may obtain access to the personal data and how the security of personal data is guaranteed. The 
Board has appointed a data protection officer in accordance with the Data Protection Act, who shall be 
appointed based on professional competence. The task of the data protection officer is primarily to

--- Page 26 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
26 
 
supervise compliance and assist the Issuer in complying with the provisions of the Data Protection Act. 
Penalties for non-compliance with the Data Protection Act can be monetary fines, damages and, in 
severe cases, criminal liability. 
Cyber security breaches, human error and other factors which cause erroneous disclosure of confidential 
information, infringement of rules on bank secrecy or non-compliance with the Data Protection Act can 
lead to significant reputational damage and costs, fines, legal proceedings or regulatory actions being 
brought against the Issuer by governmental authorities, customers or other third parties. This can have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and ability to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. 
Reputational risk is the risk of financial losses due to negative impressions towards the Issuer from 
stakeholders, such as customers, shareholders, employees, and investors. Consequences of negative 
impressions can lead to a lack of trustworthiness in the market, leading to a loss of customers and 
opportunities and, consequently, income 
The Issuer has a well-established image and positive reputation that has contributed towards attracting 
new customers, as well as strengthening its business relations with core customers. The Issuer’s image 
is also reflected in the image of its key subsidiaries, Kvika Asset Management, TM Insurance and Kvika 
UK, and in brands such as Auður, Aur and Netgíró. If the Issuer’s, or any of its connected parties’ or 
brands’, reputation suffered significant damage, there is a risk that a substantial number of customers 
will terminate their business relationship and other counterparties will be reluctant to engage in further 
transactions with the Issuer or the Group. A loss of customers and/or business relationships would 
negatively impact the Issuer’s revenues and its potential to obtain funding, create new business 
relationships and maintain existing ones. 
The Issuer emphasises that customers are kept informed and regularly provided with information about 
new services, changes to existing services and other information that customers may benefit from. The 
Issuer has implemented communication procedures, detailing how communications and information 
flows to customers, employees, the public, regulatory bodies and shareholders are to be conducted and 
who is authorised to publicly discuss matters relating to the Issuer and its operations. However, any 
failure to adequately communicate with customers could also pose a reputational risk to the Issuer and 
have a negative effect on the Issuer’s credibility and trustworthiness.  
The Issuer’s future business growth relies on retaining qualified and experienced employees and 
management 
The Issuer’s operations are based on the knowledge, experience and future vision of the Issuer’s 
essential employees. There is no guarantee that these individuals will continue to work for the Issuer. 
The loss of such essential employees may significantly delay the attainment of the Issuer’s business 
objectives and could negatively affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
To minimise risks relating to absence of essential employees, a substitute for each member of the 
Executive Management has been designated by each relevant member of the Executive Management as 
well as the Group’s Head of Treasury. The Board has been informed of the names and titles of the 
substitutes. Further, the Issuer’s remuneration policy may, to some extent, limit the risk of loss of 
essential employees, but its main goal is to make the Issuer a desirable place of work for qualified and 
ambitious individuals and to build long-term relationships with employees. However, when the labour 
market experiences wage inflation, a prominent issue in Iceland’s labour market in recent years, the 
Issuer may come under pressure to increase the salaries of its employees. Salary increases can lead to 
increases in the Issuer’s expenditure, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
27 
 
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements are partly based on future estimates and assumptions. 
Large deviations from those measures could result in future losses and adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business  
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the EU and additional requirements in the 
Icelandic Financial Statement Act. The Issuer has diverse operations with four key operating segments, 
which increase the level of complication in preparing consolidated financial statements. For example, 
the Issuer and its subsidiary, TM Insurance, are required to report under different IFRS 
implementations, IFRS 9 and IFRS 17.  
Furthermore, in the process of applying the Issuer’s accounting policies, the management makes 
judgements and estimates which are based on various assumptions. These judgements and estimates 
can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and income and expenses. Assumptions and 
estimates are based on historical experience and other factors, including reasonable expectations of 
future events, and are reviewed on an on‐going basis. The estimates form the basis for judgements on 
the carrying value of assets and liabilities, which are not readily available from other sources, and actual 
results may differ. Judgements may also be required in circumstances not involving estimates, for 
example, when determining the substance of a particular transaction, contract or relationship.  
The areas where the use of judgements and estimates has the most significant effect on the amounts 
recognised in the statement of financial position or the income statement are the following: 
Fair value of financial instruments: the fair value of financial instruments that are not quoted in active 
markets is determined using valuation techniques which are reviewed regularly. The fair value of 
financial assets and liabilities that are traded in active markets are based on quoted market prices. For 
other financial instruments, the Issuer determines fair value using various valuation techniques. IFRS 
13 specifies a fair value hierarchy based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are 
observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, 
whereas unobservable inputs reflect the Issuer’s market assumptions. 
Impairment of financial assets: the use of estimates and judgements are an important component of 
the calculation of impairment losses. The methodology and assumptions used for estimating both the 
amount and timing of future cash flows are reviewed regularly to reduce any differences between loss 
estimates and actual losses. Unforeseen events could, however, cause further impairment losses, which 
would have a material effect on the income statement and statement of financial position. 
Impairment of intangible assets: the carrying amount of intangible assets are reviewed annually to 
determine whether there are indications of impairment. If any such indication exists, the assets’ 
recoverable amounts are estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset 
exceeds its recoverable amount 
Technical provision: The Issuer’s technical provision is made up of a combination of claims 
provisions, premium provisions and a risk margin. Premium provisions are the part of the premiums 
already written that cover insurance protection against events happening after the date of finalisation of 
financial statements, and it also takes into account expected cancellations of premiums. The core of the 
claims provisions is an actuarial estimate of payments of incurred claims until they are settled, less what 
has already been paid. In accordance with the Act on Insurance No. 100/2016 and related legislation, 
the following three margins are added to the core of the claim’s provisions. First, expected settlement 
expenses not allocated to specific claims; this cost is recognized among operating expenses when it is 
due. Second, the effect of future inflation from the date of accounts to payment. Third, the effect of 
discounting the future payments using a risk-free interest rate curve. The risk margin represents the cost 
of capital that an insurance company would require to take on the insurance obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 28 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
28 
 
Deferred tax assets: judgement is required to determine the extent to which deferred tax assets are 
recognised in the statement of financial position, based on the likely timing and level of future taxable 
profits. 
Any changes to the accounting principles or large deviations from the estimates and/or assumptions 
made in the preparation of the Issuer’s financial statements could result in an adverse effect on the 
amounts recognised in the statement of financial position or the income statement and create future 
losses and adversely affect the Issuer’s business. 
Poor decisions and execution of projects have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business and financial 
position  
Business risk is defined as the risk of financial loss caused by changes in the Issuer’s economic 
environment or caused by certain events that may reduce the expected earnings of the Issuer. Strategy 
risk is defined as the risk of the Issuer’s expected earnings and capital ratio deteriorating due to changes 
in the Issuer’s business environment or due to unfavourable business decisions, late and unwise decision 
making or lack of response time. The Issuer’s organisational structure is flat and its management body 
emphasises short channels of communication, clear allocation of responsibilities and de-centralised 
decision making. Furthermore, two of the Issuer’s key business lines are operated through subsidiaries, 
whose own boards of directors are independent to the Group and operate each entity according to a 
shareholder policy set by the Issuer. Failure to manage business risk and strategy risk could have a 
negative impact on the Issuer’s business or financial position. Failure to act on opportunities, unwise 
decision-making, or otherwise failing to set and/or implement a successful business strategy could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial position and its ability to make payments 
in respect of the Notes and to the Issuer’s creditors.  
The Issuer’s insurance coverage might not cover all losses 
The Issuer has insurance policies in place which are considered appropriate and relevant with respect 
to the Issuer’s operations. More specifically, the Issuer has a combined comprehensive crime and 
professional indemnity insurance policy, as well as a directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy. 
Despite these insurance policies which the Issuer has in place and due to the nature of the Issuer’s 
operations, there is no guarantee that all claims that might be lodged against the Issuer at any time would 
be covered, which could have a material effect on the Issuer’s operations and financial conditions and 
therefore its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes and to the Issuer’s creditors.     
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic and other Business Conditions 
The Issuer’s business is affected by local and global economic developments  
The Issuer conducts the majority of its business in Iceland. Accordingly, its performance is influenced 
by the level and cyclical nature of business activity in Iceland, and the overall strength of Iceland’s 
economy, which in turn has been, and will continue to be, affected by both domestic and international 
economic and political factors, given the country’s heavy reliance on trade in goods and services.  
These conditions include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment, insurance and 
banking products. These cycles are also influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war 
and other hostilities, and by market specific events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer 
spending, the rate of unemployment, industrial output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
A cause for increased uncertainty is the effect of volcanic activity on the Icelandic economy. Iceland 
experienced two volcanic eruptions in late 2023 and another in February 2024, concentrated on the 
Reykjanes Peninsula close to the capital area. The eruptions may signal a beginning of a period of 
volcanic unrest which have and may continue to incur significant costs for the government e.g. due to

--- Page 29 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
29 
 
protection measures, damaged assets and infrastructure. However, the volcanic activity could also 
stimulate economic activity in certain sectors, such as construction and infrastructure development, as 
resources are redirected towards repairing and reinforcing affected areas. Overall, the economic impact 
will likely depend on the duration and intensity of the eruption, as well as the effectiveness of mitigation 
measures implemented by authorities and businesses. 
Local and global economic developments have an effect on the demand for the Issuer’s investment, 
insurance and banking products, and have an effect on the value of the Issuer’s financial instruments. 
A downturn in consumption of the Issuer’s products and/or a decrease in value of the Issuer’s own 
financial instruments could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s revenues, financial position and its 
ability to make payments in respect of the Notes and to the Issuer’s creditors. 
Frequent changes in tax legislation pose a general risk to entities operating in Iceland and any changes 
in tax legislation can affect the financial results of the Issuer  
In addition to the general risk, there is an additional tax risk regarding financial institutions, as there are 
taxes levied specifically on financial undertakings in Iceland in accordance with Act no. 90/2003 on 
Income Tax and Act no. 155/2010 on Special Tax on Financial Institutions.  
Pursuant to the Value Added Tax Act no. 50/1988, with subsequent amendments (Value Added Tax 
Act), the services of banks, saving banks and other credit institutions, as well as stock-brokerage firms, 
are exempt from value added tax (VAT). However, in the VAT environment of financial undertakings, 
there has been some uncertainty regarding the handling of VAT on the sale of goods and services, as 
under the interpretation of the Icelandic tax authorities, according to the Act on Financial Undertakings, 
the exemption only applies to services banks or credit institutions. Services provided by banks and 
credit institutions could be deemed, by the tax authorities, not to fall under the Act on Financial 
Undertakings as there is room for interpretation.  
Although the Issuer believes its collection and handling of VAT for services provided is within the 
scope of the Value Added Tax Act, there is no guarantee that the Icelandic tax authorities will not 
conclude otherwise. If that were to happen, the Issuer could be retroactively liable for six years’ unpaid 
tax, plus penalties and interest. 
There is an additional risk regarding the competitive effects of banks or credit institutions  starting to 
claim VAT on any services provided, resulting in a competitive advantage or disadvantage with 
different treatment of VAT and possible material adverse effects for those claiming such VAT. 
Risks Relating to Capital and other Regulatory Requirements of the Issuer 
Changes regarding required capital may have an adverse effect on the Issuer 
The Issuer’s capital ratios are calculated in accordance with the Act on Financial Undertakings and 
regulation no. 233/2017 on prudential requirements for financial undertakings. In accordance with the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of the CBI (the FSA) regulation no. 233/2017, the Issuer uses the 
standardised approach to calculate capital requirements for credit risk, market risk and operational risk. 
Failure by the Issuer to meet the regulatory capital requirements could result in regulatory intervention. 
The regulators could impose sanctions on the Issuer and therefore severely affect the financial position 
and reputation of the Issuer. 
Legal and Regulatory Risk 
Regulatory, compliance and legal risks are inherent in the Issuer’s business

--- Page 30 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
30 
 
As a financial institution, the Issuer must comply with a comprehensive set of laws and regulations 
which are extensive and complex. The legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer is constantly 
subject to change and changes often with a short period of notice and consultation. The Issuer puts 
substantial resources and man-power into monitoring and implementing these changes to ensure full 
compliance. The regulatory and compliance risk faced by the Issuer and its subsidiaries arise not only 
from regulation within Iceland or specific to financial services firms, but also from other, more broadly 
applicable regulations and from risks relating to the ability of regulatory agencies and Icelandic 
authorities to adopt, implement and administer applicable regulations and to supervise Icelandic banks, 
including the Issuer. Regulatory agencies have broad administrative powers over many aspects of the 
Issuer’s business which may include liquidity, capital adequacy and permitted investments, investor 
protection, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, record keeping, and marketing and selling 
practices. Banking and financial services laws, regulations and policies currently governing the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries may change at any time in ways which have a material effect on the Issuer’s 
business. This includes any changes in interpretation of such laws and regulations by regulatory 
agencies. 
Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. Changes 
in existing banking and financial services laws and regulations may materially affect the way in which 
the Issuer conducts its business, the products or services it may offer and the value of its assets. If it 
fails to address, or appears to fail to address, despite its best efforts, and whether intentionally or 
unintentionally, appropriately these changes or initiatives, its reputation could be harmed and it could 
be subject to additional legal risk, which could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and 
damages asserted against it, or subject it to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. In addition, existing 
laws could change, and new laws or regulations could be adopted in ways unfavourable to the Issuer’s 
operations, which could adversely affect the way the Issuer operates its business and its market 
reputation. Regulatory agencies have the power to bring administrative or judicial proceedings against 
the Issuer, which could result, among other things, in suspension or revocation of its licenses, cease and 
desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or other disciplinary action which could materially 
harm its results of operations and financial condition. 
Regulatory risks relate not only to regulation within Iceland, but also from the ability of Iceland, as a 
member of the EEA Agreement, to adopt, implement and administer new European directives and 
regulations into national Icelandic rules and regulations. See further the section entitled “Iceland´s 
national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstance”. This may include 
late implementation into national Icelandic rules and regulations, and more stringent requirements 
around where they are permitted or required to do so, for example in the respect of capital requirements. 
There can be no assurance that the Icelandic government will not enact new regulations which could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial positions, its ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes and the Issuer’s creditors. 
The Issuer must comply with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations, and the violation of 
such regulations may have severe consequences 
The Issuer is subject to laws regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism, as well as laws 
that prohibit the Issuer or its employees or intermediaries from making improper payments or offers of 
payment to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or 
retaining business. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations can place a significant financial 
burden on banks and other financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities and 
resources. The Fourth Money Laundering Directive (2015/849/EU) has been implemented with Act No. 
140/2018. However, the Issuer cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory 
requirements to which it might be subject, or the manner in which existing laws might be administered

--- Page 31 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
31 
 
or interpreted. Although the Issuer believes that its current policies and procedures are sufficient to 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules and regulations, it 
cannot guarantee that such policies completely prevent situations of money laundering or bribery, 
including actions by the Issuer’s employees, for which the Issuer might be held responsible. Any such 
events may have severe consequences, including sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results 
of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Iceland’s national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstances 
Iceland is a member state of the EEA and is therefore obligated to implement certain EU instruments 
with EEA relevance, including legislation relating to financial markets. Where implementation of such 
instruments into Icelandic law is inadequate, (for example, where Iceland fails to adapt national law to 
conform to EEA rules) citizens may be unable to rely on these instruments and the Icelandic courts may 
be barred from applying them, unless Icelandic legislation is able to be interpreted in accordance with 
the EEA rules. As a result, the Noteholders in some circumstances may experience different legal 
protections than they would expect as holders of securities issued by banks in EU member states where 
EU instruments are directly applicable, or where the EU instruments have been adequately implemented 
into national legislation. Complying with regulation that is in continual change can be resource-
intensive and exposes the Issuer to risks of non-compliance, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations and its ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. 
Judgments entered against Icelandic entities in the courts of a state which is not a party to the Lugano 
Convention (including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK) may not be recognised or 
enforceable in Iceland  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a 
party to the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil 
and Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) (a 
Contracting State), would not be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a matter of law without a 
retrial on its merits. However, the judgment will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence 
before the courts of Iceland. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK and Iceland are not bound 
by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments 
applicable in relation to the Notes.  
The UK has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, but the 
other contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a 
result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of 
England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Iceland. However, 
if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment rendered in an 
English court may be submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the 
outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to rehear the 
dispute, ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the 
enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of certain of such 
features:

--- Page 32 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
32 
 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Amortising Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in 
respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions being lifted, the Issuer may issue Notes with 
principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities 
or commodities, or to movements in currency exchange rates (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, 
the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be 
different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  Potential investors should be aware 
that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no interest; 
(c) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(d) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(e) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(f) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal 
or interest payable likely will be magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such index or other Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  
Accordingly, each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk 
entailed by an investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in 
light of its particular circumstances. 
The claims of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated 
to claims of the Issuer’s depositors in the event of a winding-up 
Typically, the claims of holders of senior ranking unsecured debt instruments, such as the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, issued by a financial institution holding bank deposits 
would not be subordinated to the claims of depositors.  However, in Iceland, Article 102 of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002 (Act on Financial Undertakings) provides that, should such 
financial institution, such as the Issuer, enter into winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of 
the Act on Financial Undertakings, then the claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated debt 
would be subordinated to the claims of all of the Issuer’s depositors. Moreover, the Hierarchy of Claims 
Act No. 38/2021 (as defined herein) was enacted into law by the Icelandic Parliament on 4 May 2021. 
The Hierarchy of Claims Act amends the Act on Financial Undertakings and introduces a new Article 
85(a) to the Act on Recovery and Resolution which provides in part that, in a winding-up: (x) claims of 
certain types of the Issuer’s depositors will have priority over other kinds of bank deposits (i.e. the inner 
ranking within deposits will change), but (y) all types of bank deposits will, as a group, rank higher than 
the claims of the Issuer’s senior unsecured unsubordinated debt obligations. Hence, under current 
Icelandic law, the claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated debt (which would include

--- Page 33 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
33 
 
Senior Preferred Notes as well as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are subordinated to the claims of all of 
the Issuer’s depositors in a winding-up of the Issuer.  If a winding-up of the Issuer were to occur, there 
may not be sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay the claims of such Noteholders after the claims 
of depositors have been paid. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in Subordinated 
Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated.  
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Issuer by way of 
exercise of public authority (referred to herein as a winding-up of the Issuer), all claims in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes shall, subject to mandatory provisions of Icelandic law including but not limited 
to any Icelandic implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD, rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves, at least pari passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities (as 
defined in Condition 3.5), in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior Securities (as 
defined in Condition 3.5) and junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior Creditors (as 
defined in Condition 3.5). If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to 
enable the Issuer to repay the claims of the Senior Creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire 
investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims 
of Senior Creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims of Parity Securities, Noteholders will lose 
some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount 
(if any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability 
to meet its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his or her 
investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities and the Issuer’s obligations under Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors 
The Hierarchy of Claims Act introduces a new class of “senior non-preferred notes” that meet specified 
criteria, which class will, upon a credit institution’s bankruptcy, rank junior to its senior unsubordinated 
debt obligations and rank senior to its subordinated notes as well as regulatory capital and common 
shares. As further set out in Condition 3.2 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Issuer intends 
that its Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute part of this new, lower-ranking (un-preferred) 
‘senior’ unsecured class, that will rank below its Senior Preferred Notes but ahead of the Subordinated 
Notes.  
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. 
On a winding-up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves, pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer (as defined in Condition 3.5), senior to holders of all classes of share capital of 
the Issuer and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, without limitation, any 
Subordinated Notes) and will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and

--- Page 34 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
34 
 
(b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer. If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to 
enable the Issuer to repay the claims of the unsubordinated creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose 
their entire investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the 
Issuer to pay the claims of unsubordinated creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay 
claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or all other claims that 
rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose 
some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the ‘senior’ designation 
under the programme, in an insolvency of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to 
the Senior Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law 
given priority over the Senior Preferred Notes, such as bank deposits) and other unsecured and 
unsubordinated liabilities. 
Moreover, there is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, 
incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The 
issue or guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce 
the amount (if any) recoverable by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes during a winding-up of the 
Issuer and may limit the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
benefit from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will lose all or some of his or her investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
There are limited enforcement events in relation to the Notes 
Each Series of Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to: 
(a) 
non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the relevant Series of Notes. In such 
circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 9 (Enforcement Events), a Noteholder 
may institute proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such 
Noteholder; and 
(b) 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In such circumstances, as described in more detail 
in Condition 9, the relevant Series of Notes will become due and payable at their outstanding 
principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon.  
A Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. As such, the remedies 
available to holders of the Notes are limited, which may make it more difficult for Noteholders to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required) 
The Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them. To exercise such a call option, 
the Issuer must obtain prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions), if and to the extent then required by the Relevant Regulator. 
Holders of the Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of the Notes and should not invest in such 
Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must 
agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and 
certain other facts at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will 
permit such a call. Holders of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial 
risks of an investment in the Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period. See also “If

--- Page 35 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
35 
 
the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return” above.  
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 6.11 (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6.12 (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time a Capital Event (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes), an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) or a Tax Event (in any case) occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the 
Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), but without the requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms 
of the relevant Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 17 from English law to 
Icelandic law), as the case may be, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 6.11), in the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition  6.12) 
or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 
6.12), as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 6.11 and Condition 6.12 (as applicable).The 
terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one or more 
provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, provided that the 
relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated 
Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying 
Securities or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may 
be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. While the Issuer cannot make changes 
to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially less favourable to the holders of 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, as a class, the governing law of Condition 17 may be changed from English law to Icelandic 
law in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of such condition. No assurance can be given 
as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular holder. In addition, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, could be different for some categories of 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, prior to such substitution or 
variation.   
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return 
At any time upon the occurrence of a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 6.2, a Capital Event pursuant to 
Condition 6.3 (in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the extent specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement), an MREL Disqualification Event 
pursuant to Condition 6.4 (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to the 
extent specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of  Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement), on an Optional Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6.5 or on a Clean-up Redemption 
Date pursuant to Condition 6.6, the Notes may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at 
their principal amount, as more particularly described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such 
an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when

--- Page 36 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
36 
 
the Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant Notes, or during any period when Noteholders perceive that 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Redemption Option by the Issuer pursuant 
to Condition 6.6, there is no obligation under such Condition 6.6 nor under any of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75 per cent. 
or any higher percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the 
Pricing Supplement of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is reached, or is about to 
be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that, immediately prior to the 
serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Redemption Option, the Notes may have 
been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
The Issuer may elect to exercise its option to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes included a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest rate may 
affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads 
on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to 
a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates compared 
to prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value 
of any Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, a Reference Rate, or, in the case of Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate), 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some 
of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”.

--- Page 37 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
37 
 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in 
the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the benchmark or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any 
other consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent, in whole or in part, upon a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/ or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example EURIBOR) may adversely affect the 
value of Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any such 
benchmark rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such 
benchmark rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a published benchmark, including an interbank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant 
reference rate, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable or if another Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and including, for example, if the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or if 
there is a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used) 
otherwise occurs.  
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes, Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable or (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, Mid-Swap Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being

--- Page 38 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
38 
 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable (any such Notes, 
Relevant Notes), such fallback arrangements will include the possibility that: 
(a) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case 
may be, determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) determined by the Issuer, following consultation with an Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted 
(if required) by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate 
with the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes. 
The use of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate may result in interest payments 
that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that 
could have been made on the Relevant Notes if the Original Reference Rate remained available in its 
current form. In particular, if a Benchmark Event occurs as a result of a public statement that the relevant 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative, the relevant rate of interest on the Relevant Notes 
may therefore cease to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, and instead be 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, even if the 
Original Reference Rate continues to be published.  
Such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be lower than the Original Reference 
Rate for so long as that Original Reference Rate continues to be published, and the value of and return 
on the Relevant Notes may be adversely affected. The application of an Adjustment Spread, as described 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes, may result in the Relevant Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form.  
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may also determine that 
other amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market 
practice in relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and to ensure the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable).   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest 
Period or a Reset Period (as applicable). In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, due to the uncertainty 
concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the

--- Page 39 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
39 
 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of 
Relevant Notes, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance 
that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to 
each Noteholder. 
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, potential investors should also note that no Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Relevant Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes: (i) 
where the Relevant Notes are Senior Preferred Notes (if applicable) or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities or result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date 
as the effective maturity of the Relevant Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date; or (ii) where the 
Relevant Notes are Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. In all such circumstances, the 
ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described above) will apply.    
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as “Green Financing Instruments”, may not be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (any such 
Notes, Green Financing Instruments) may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Financing Instruments to finance or 
refinance, in whole or in part, the Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Green Funding 
Framework (as defined below). The use of such amount equal to the net proceeds may not satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible 
Assets as further described in the Green Funding Framework). Prospective investors should have regard 
to the information set out in this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Green Funding Framework regarding such use of proceeds and 
consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any such Green Financing 
Instruments and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Green Financing Instruments together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. 
The Green Funding Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. The Green Funding Framework may be amended at any time without the consent 
of Noteholders and none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers assumes any obligation or

--- Page 40 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
40 
 
responsibility to release any update or revision to the Green Funding Framework and/or information to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of publication of the Green Funding Framework. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “blue” or “social” or equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, 
“blue” or “social” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has 
been established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
EU Taxonomy). On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved the first delegated act and the 
Delegated Regulation supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act) was formally adopted on 4 June 2021 and applied 
from 1 January 2022. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable 
investment by making it clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s environmental 
objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the 
sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate change 
adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. 
Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with mandates in 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such objectives have been developed and disclosed 
it is not known whether any Green Financing Instruments will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Taxonomy, once all criteria are established, is not certain. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the eligibility criteria for 
Eligible Assets will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the EU Taxonomy Regulation or 
within the EU Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) 
for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other equivalently-labelled securities will align 
with the European (or any other) framework for such securities. The Dealers have not and will not be 
reviewing the Issuer’s Green Funding Framework. 
In addition, the requirements of any such definition may evolve from time to time, and, as such, the use 
of the proceeds of Green Financing Instruments may not meet any or all Noteholders expectations 
regarding such “green”, “blue” or “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which an investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law, regulations or standards (including the EU Taxonomy) 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation 
of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the Eligible Assets funded with an amount at 
least equivalent to the net proceeds from Green Financing Instruments or that the Green Funding 
Framework will be aligned with the EU Taxonomy or any other applicable laws, regulations or 
standards. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person 
to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets will meet any or 
all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
or that any adverse environmental and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Assets. In addition, no assurance can be given 
by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person to investors that any Green Financing 
Instruments will comply with any future standards or requirements regarding any “green” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives and, accordingly, the status of any Green Financing 
Instruments as being “green” (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. 
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Financing Instruments and in particular with any

--- Page 41 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
41 
 
project to fulfil any environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders’ purposes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor 
should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell 
or hold any such Green Financing Instruments. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Green 
Financing Instruments. Currently, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in Green Financing Instruments 
shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinion, 
report or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that opinion was issued.  
In the event that any such Green Financing Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, 
the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social 
impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should 
be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange 
or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of 
any such Green Financing Instruments or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will 
be maintained during the life of the Green Financing Instruments. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green 
Financing Instruments in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Green Funding Framework, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Assets will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for 
such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that any projects relating to Eligible Assets will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None of the Dealers will assess, 
verify or monitor the application of the amount equal to the net proceeds of any such Green Financing 
Instruments issued under the Programme or will verify or monitor any of the commitments set out in 
the Green Funding Framework. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Financing 
Instruments nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and 
other assets, and there will be no direct or contractual link between any Green Financing Instruments 
and any Eligible Assets (or any other environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer) and 
consequently neither payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on, nor an investor’s right 
to accelerate repayment of, the Green Financing Instruments shall depend on the performance of the 
relevant Eligible Assets or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar 
targets.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of 
Green Financing Instruments and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion 
or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on or failure to obtain and publish any such reports, 
assessments, opinions and certifications and/or any Green Financing Instruments no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, and/or the

--- Page 42 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
42 
 
fact that the maturity of an Eligible Asset may not match the minimum duration of any Green Financing 
Instruments and/or or the failure by the Issuer to meet any other environmental or sustainability targets, 
will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer); (ii) 
constitute an Enforcement Event under the Green Financing Instruments or breach or violate any term 
thereof, or constitute a default of the Issuer for any purpose; (iii) lead to an obligation or right of the 
Issuer to redeem such Green Financing Instruments or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Financing Instruments 
or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of the Green Financing Instruments; (iv) in the 
case of Subordinated Notes that are Green Financing Instruments, affect the qualification of such Notes 
as Tier 2 Capital or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes that are Green 
Financing Instruments, affect the qualification of such Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities, as 
applicable; otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of such Green 
Financing Instruments to cover losses in any part of the Group; or (vi) result in any step-up or increased 
payments of interest, principal or any other amounts, as applicable in respect of any Green Financing 
Instruments, or otherwise affect the terms and conditions of any Green Financing Instruments. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any 
such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Green Financing 
Instruments no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Green Financing 
Instruments and also potentially the value of any other Green Financing Instruments which are intended 
to finance Eligible Assets and/or result in adverse consequences for Noteholders with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Green Financing 
Instruments shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project. 
Investors should be aware that Green Financing Instruments may also be subject to the resolution tools 
granted to the competent authority under the BRRD in circumstances where the Issuer fails or is likely 
to fail. In particular, Green Financing Instruments will be subject to the exercise of the general bail-in 
tool and/or the non-viability loss absorption (in respect of Subordinated Notes) to the same extent and 
with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Green Financing Instruments. Further, any Green 
Financing Instruments as with other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility 
criteria and BRRD requirements and, as such, proceeds from any such Green Financing Instruments 
will cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or 
“sustainable” label. Further, the limitations on remedies available to Noteholders (see “There are 
limited enforcement events in relation to the Notes”) apply equally to Noteholders of Green Financing 
Instruments and as such, the enforcement rights of the Noteholders of Green Financing Instruments are 
extremely limited.  
Additionally, their labelling as Green Financing Instruments will not (i) affect the regulatory treatment 
of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable) or (ii) have any impact on 
their status as indicated in Condition 3. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are 
possible reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates such as 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), as reference rate in the capital markets for Sterling bonds, 
and its adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rate. In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the 
market’s forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are

--- Page 43 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
43 
 
overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 3 August 2020, the Bank 
of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes 
that reference such risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue 
Notes referencing SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with any previous SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index referenced 
Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of 
any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding 
or disposal of Notes referencing such risk- free rates. 
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based 
on risk- free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several 
different methodologies have been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no 
assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the 
methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect 
of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely 
used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be 
lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may 
not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance 
data. Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual 
historical performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not 
rely on hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of 
such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
Notes which reference SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, risk-free and overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally

--- Page 44 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
44 
 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on 
interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Risk-free rates offered as 
alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future performance 
of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of such 
rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, 
may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking 
SONIA become due and payable under Condition 9 or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is 
not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA 
The Bank of England (or its successor) as administrator of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index) 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of this risk-free rate and/or 
index, including changes related to the method by which such rate and/or index is calculated, eligibility 
criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rate and/or index, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index. In addition, an administrator may alter, 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SONIA Compounded Index, in which 
case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (see “Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example 
EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes which are linked 
to or which reference any such benchmark rate“). An administrator has no obligation to consider the 
interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such 
risk-free rate. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
45 
 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, the investor will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in the investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that subsequent increases in market 
interest rates above the rate paid on the relevant Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes will adversely affect 
the value of the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances there can 
be no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings 
assigned to the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst 
the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant

--- Page 46 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
46 
 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, as implemented in Iceland, could materially adversely 
affect the rights of holders of Notes  
Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) is designed to provide 
the respective authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing relevant entity. This set of tools includes in particular the “bail-in tool” which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant 
entity and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity. For more information 
on the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax 
Environment — European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Iceland with Act 54/2018 amending the Act on Financial 
Undertakings No. 161/2002, by Act 70/2020 on the Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms, and more recently, by the Hierarchy of Claims Act making further amendments to 
the Act on Financial Undertakings, the Recovery and Resolution Act and the Deposit Insurance and 
Insurance Schemes Act No. 98/1999. 
Therefore, holders of Notes may be subject to any application of the resolution tools (such as the general 
bail-in tool) or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) on any application of the non-viability loss 
absorption measure, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment in the 
Notes, or their rights in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their investment may otherwise be 
materially adversely affected. The exercise of any power under the BRRD, as implemented in Iceland, 
or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders of 
Notes, the price of value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the relevant Notes. Furthermore, the resolution authorities will have the power to 
amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments (including the Notes) and other eligible liabilities or 
amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments (including the Notes) and other eligible 
liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period. 
Under the Hierarchy of Claims Act, debt instruments that meet the following criteria will be considered 
as “senior non-preferred notes” (and Senior Non-Preferred Notes hereunder) and will rank lower than

--- Page 47 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
47 
 
ordinary unsecured claims (including Senior Preferred Notes hereunder) in a winding up of the Issuer: 
(i) the original contractual maturity of the debt instrument is of at least one year, (ii) the debt instruments 
contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves, and (iii) the relevant contractual 
documentation, and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance, explicitly refer to the 
lower ranking under the same paragraph. Moreover, all types of bank deposits will rank higher than 
ordinary unsecured claims. Under the Hierarchy of Claims Act: (i) any existing unsubordinated notes 
of the Issuer will rank pari passu with any Senior Preferred Notes of the Issuer; and (ii) existing 
unsubordinated notes of the Issuer and Senior Preferred Notes of the Issuer will rank senior to any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer. 
The Notes are unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision 
The Notes will be unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision. If the Issuer 
defaults on the Notes, or in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation or winding-up, then, 
to the extent that the Issuer has granted security over its assets, the assets that secure those obligations 
will be used to satisfy the obligations thereunder before the Issuer could sell or otherwise dispose of 
those assets in order to make payment on the Notes. As a result of the granting of such security, there 
may only be limited assets available to make payments on the Notes in the event of an acceleration of 
the Notes. In addition, the Issuer is able to issue other similar securities which do have the benefit of 
security which may impact on the market price of its securities, such as the Notes, which are unsecured. 
Noteholders may have limited rights in the event the Issuer is subject to winding-up proceedings 
It should be noted that there is currently some doubt regarding securities that are represented by global 
notes and the filing of claims against a financial institution, in the event an issuer becomes insolvent 
and is subject to winding-up proceedings.  In a judgment from 2011 regarding a debt issuance 
programme similar to this Programme, the Supreme Court held that the holder of the Global Note can 
file a claim against an estate, not beneficial owners of interests in the Global Note themselves.  As at 
the date hereof, investors should be aware that they may not be able to file a claim against the Issuer 
directly, should the Issuer become insolvent or become the subject of winding-up proceedings unless 
their interests in a Global Note have been exchanged for definitive Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes.  This means that Noteholders may lose all rights attaching to their interests 
in a Global Note other than financial rights, i.e. rights to participate and vote in creditor meetings as 
well as other rights which they may have.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without 
the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
(including by way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law.  
Any such modification will be binding on all the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes.

--- Page 48 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
48 
 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Icelandic law or 
administrative practice 
Except for CSD Notes and (in the case of Bearer and Registered Notes) the provisions of Condition 3, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes. CSD Notes and (in the case of Bearer Notes and Registered Notes) Condition 3 shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law.  No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Icelandic law or administrative practice, 
as the case may be, after the date of issue of the relevant Notes.  No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Icelandic law, as the case may be, or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
There are circumstances in which a court may apply Icelandic laws (or the laws of other jurisdictions) 
notwithstanding the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, to govern the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (or part thereof) 
Whilst the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, as the governing law of parts of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes described above will generally be upheld as a valid choice by 
many courts, there will be circumstances in which the relevant choice may not be upheld or may, at 
least partially, be displaced.  There may, therefore, be circumstances in which Icelandic laws (for 
example capital or exchange control laws) or indeed the laws of another jurisdiction may be applied by 
a court notwithstanding the choice of English law to govern parts of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
In particular (a) the English courts may give effect to the “overriding mandatory provisions” of the law 
of the country where the obligations arising out of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes have to be or 
have been performed, “insofar as those overriding mandatory provisions render the performance of the 
contract unlawful” (Article 9(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 17 June 2008, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (Rome I)); 
and (b) there are circumstances in which reorganisation measures adopted by certain states in respect 
of credit institutions must be given effect to in other states pursuant to Directive 2001/24/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of credit 
institutions (this directive is incorporated into English law by the Credit Institutions (Reorganisation 
and Winding Up) Regulations 2004).   
As a result, there are circumstances in which a law other than English law or Icelandic law, as the case 
may be, may determine whether certain Terms and Conditions of the Notes are enforceable against the 
Issuer.  It should be noted in this context that there may be circumstances in which proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be brought in courts other than 
the English courts and/or in which the English courts may refuse to hear proceedings brought before 
them. 
There may be circumstances in which courts may give judgments in ISK and/or in which a judgment of 
courts other than the Icelandic courts may not be enforceable in Iceland (or, if it is enforceable in 
Iceland, which may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK) 
There may be circumstances in which a court hearing a dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes may give judgment in ISK.  Further, judgments given by courts 
other than the Icelandic courts may not necessarily be enforceable against the Issuer in Iceland. Even if 
a judgment is enforceable in Iceland, the enforcement process may result in the judgment creditor 
receiving ISK.

--- Page 49 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
49 
 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a 
party to the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil 
and Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) as a 
Contracting State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in 
Iceland as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter 
of evidence before the courts of law of Iceland). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the United 
Kingdom and Iceland are not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition 
and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes. The United Kingdom has applied to 
re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, but the other contracting states 
have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a result, a final judgment 
in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, 
will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Iceland. However, if a Noteholder brings a 
new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be 
submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to 
which it relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on 
a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination.  In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount 
which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such 
Notes be printed) or issued and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Bearer Notes which have 
a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade. 
There is a limitation on the gross-up obligation under the Notes and Coupons 
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of taxes under the terms of the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under the Notes 
and Coupons and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any 
additional amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to 
payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments 
of principal under the Notes or Coupons, Holders of Notes or Coupons may receive less than the full 
amount due under the Notes or Coupons, and the market value of the Notes or Coupons may be 
adversely affected. Holders of Notes should note that principal for these purposes will include any 
payments of premium.

--- Page 50 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
50 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (including the auditors’ report thereon) (the 2022 Financial Statements) 
which can be viewed online at https://kvika.cdn.prismic.io/kvika/cb61397c-4599-40df-bb42-
7256df1060a8_Kvika+-+Consolidated+Financial+Statements+31.12.2022.pdf;  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2023 (including the auditors’ report thereon) (the 2023 Financial Statements) 
which can be viewed online at https://kvika.cdn.prismic.io/kvika/392edd31-5012-40c5-a6a6-
dbd7c375b4d9_Kvika+Consolidated+Financial+Statements+31-12-2023.pdf; and 
(c) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (pages 91 –153 inclusive) set out in the Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 9 January 2023 which can be viewed online at 
https://kvika.cdn.prismic.io/kvika/392fe3c0-3c44-4722-872b-cfed9342385f_UKO2-
%232005730098-v1+Kvika+Bank+2022+-+Prospectus+%28Final%29.pdf.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
51 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in (i) bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, (ii) 
registered form, without interest coupons attached or (iii) uncertificated and dematerialised form and 
cleared through the CSD.  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, a permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, 
together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be delivered on 
or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common 
Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking SA 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg and, together with Euroclear, the International Central 
Securities Depositories or ICSDs); or 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will also indicate whether such Bearer 
Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any 
indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper 
for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date 
(as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note, if the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury Department regulations, has been received by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has 
given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On or after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series against 
certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, 
exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 52 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
52 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note, if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will specify that a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement 
Event (as defined in Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or 
(iii) the Issuer determines that it has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would 
not be suffered were the Bearer Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive 
form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an 
Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder 
of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one 
year and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment 
in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form 
(a Registered Global Note). Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in 
the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a 
nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be 
entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical 
delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will specify whether 
or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem

--- Page 53 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
53 
 
eligibility and therefore whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (the NSS).  Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.  Notes intended to be held under the NSS will be deposited with, and registered in the name of 
a common nominee of, one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper.  The common safekeeper for 
Notes held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in 
Condition 5.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent and the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 5.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in 
the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement Event has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on 
their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may 
give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
each case to the extent applicable. 
CSD Notes 
Each Tranche of CSD Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal 
title to CSD Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the CSD. On the issue of CSD 
Notes, the Issuer will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement to the Principal Paying Agent and (if the CSD Account Manager is not the Issuer) the CSD 
Account Manager. Following notification to the CSD of the terms relating to the CSD Notes by (or on 
behalf of) the Issuer and of the subscribers and their CSD account details by the relevant Dealer, the 
CSD Account Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer (if the CSD Account Manager is not the Issuer),

--- Page 54 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
54 
 
will give instructions to the CSD to credit each subscribing account holder with the CSD with a nominal 
amount of CSD Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the CSD Notes in the CSD will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the CSD Notes 
will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the CSD. 
CSD Notes will not be exchangeable for any physical note or document of title other than statements of 
account made by the CSD. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes, the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as 
the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the 
distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CSD shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or as may 
otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of CSD Notes if the 
CSD Account Manager is not the Issuer) the CSD Account Manager. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain limited circumstances described in Condition 
9.  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of 
the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day 
immediately following such day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled 
to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 11 March 2024 and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new prospectus or a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes. 
Save in the case of CSD Notes, Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one 
or more Global Notes that may be delivered to a common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and 
their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to

--- Page 55 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
55 
 
receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 56 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
56 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are 
not Exempt Notes issued under the Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act, 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”] 
[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be 
included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 57 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
57 
 
[4UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of 
any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[5MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II)]: EITHER6 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 7[(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market] [Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/’s] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]8.]]  
[9UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
EITHER10 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 11[(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
5 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
6 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
7 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there 
are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution 
services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
8 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
9 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
10 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
11 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness.

--- Page 58 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
58 
 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]12.]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed 
capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) 
and [“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
KVIKA BANKI HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €750,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 11 March 2024 (the Base Prospectus) [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these Final Terms, the Prospectus 
Regulation)][the Prospectus Regulation].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website [of [the Issuer] at [⚫] 
[and on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] and copies may 
be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer at Katrínartún 2, 105 
Reykjavík, Iceland and from the offices of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England.  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [9 January 2023] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 11 March 2024.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
 
12 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 59 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
59 
 
described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these Final Terms, 
the Prospectus Regulation)][the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 11 March 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), 
including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information.  The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the 
website 
[of 
[the 
Issuer] 
at [⚫] 
[and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] and copies may be obtained during normal business hours 
from the registered office of the Issuer at Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland and from the offices of 
the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
England. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Kvika banki hf.  
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and from a single Series 
with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: [     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes this means the minimum 
integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
(N.B. Where Bearer Notes with multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:

--- Page 60 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
60 
 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000.”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  N.B. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or reset rate - specify date/ 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[     ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR][SONIA] +/- 
[  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked] 
(see paragraph [14][15][16][17][18][19] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date 
at 
[100] 
per 
cent. 
of 
their 
nominal 
amount]/[Inflation linked redemption in accordance 
with paragraph [18] below, and Conditions 4.5 and 
6.14]/[Inflation linked redemption in accordance with 
Condition 6.15] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies, and for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies]/[Not 
Applicable]  
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Redemption Option]

--- Page 61 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
61 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [20][21][22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
(If Subordinated Notes include:) 
(i) 
[Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of Capital 
Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.3 applies/Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.11 applies/Not Applicable] 
(If Senior Non-Preferred or 
Senior Preferred Notes 
include:) 
(i) 
[Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.4 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.12 applies/Not Applicable]] 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
obtained: 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 62 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
62 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Principal Paying Agent 
or, in the case of CSD 
Notes, 
the 
CSD 
Calculation Agent): 
[     ] 
(e) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate, 
Relevant 
Time 
and 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[     ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR/SONIA] 
Relevant Time: [[     ] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre/Not Applicable] 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/ 
Stockholm/Reykjavík/Not Applicable] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR. For NIBOR, STIBOR 
and 
REIBOR, 
insert 
second 
[Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík] business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period. For SONIA, insert the

--- Page 63 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
63 
 
[first, second, third etc.] Business Day immediately 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for each Interest 
Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable), or in the 
case of Payment Delay, the Interest Payment Date at the 
end of each Interest Period; provided that the Interest 
Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date) 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Effective Interest 
Payment Date: 
[The date falling [ ] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date 
fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay 
only)]/[Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[     ] 
• 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless “Lag” or 
“Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation 
Method) 
• 
D: 
[365/Not Applicable] 
• 
Rate 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[The date falling [   ] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable - used for Payment Delay only]/[Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Index 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If Index Determination is applicable, insert: 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal Place:  
[  ]/[As per the Conditions] 
• 
p: 
[  ]/[As per the Conditions] 
• 
Numerator: 
[  ]/[As per the Conditions]

--- Page 64 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
64 
 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date: 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s) up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [   ]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
65 
 
(g) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[     ] 
(h) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
(i) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
[[   ] [and [    ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[   ] 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference 
Rate Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(q) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[   ] 
• 
Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
• 
Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
 
[   ] per cent. 
• 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 66 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
66 
 
Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
• 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[   ] per cent. 
• 
Last Observable 
Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(r) 
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback Yield: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(s) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(t) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(u) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
 or maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon.) 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
18. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Amortising 
Notes (applicable to CSD Notes 
only): 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear]

--- Page 67 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
67 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The [  ] day in each month]/[[  ] in each year] up 
to and including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Number 
of 
Interest 
Payments in a year: 
[       ] 
(d) 
Total number of annuity 
payments on the relevant 
Notes: 
[       ] 
(e) 
Base Index: 
[       ], being the value of the CPI on [     ] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(g) 
Determination Dates: 
[       ]/Not Applicable 
19. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes  
(applicable to CSD Notes only): 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear]  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The [  ] day in each month]/[[  ] in each year] up 
to and including the Maturity Date  
(c) 
Base Index: 
[      ], being the value of the CPI on [     ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
(e) 
Determination Dates: 
[       ]/Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ]

--- Page 68 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
68 
 
(d) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Each Note will be redeemed at its principal 
amount/[[  ] for the Inflation Linked Amortising 
Notes]/[In accordance with Condition 6.15 per 
Calculation Amount] 
22. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [     ] per cent.] 
(b) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount / [     ]] 
(c) 
Notice Period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
Date: 
[     ]  
23. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event or 
an MREL Disqualification Event 
(as applicable): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount / [     ]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]]

--- Page 69 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
69 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
 
[CSD Notes] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
(In the case of an issue of CSD Notes, this will be Not 
Applicable) 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-
paragraph 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer 
Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No/Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
70 
 
Signed on behalf of Kvika banki hf. : 
 
By: ........................................................... 
      Duly authorised 
 
 
By: ........................................................... 
      Duly authorised

--- Page 71 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
71 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin][Nasdaq Iceland] 
(b) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin/the Nasdaq Iceland hf.] with effect from [     ]] 
(c) 
Estimate 
of 
total 
expenses 
related 
to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued] [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The Notes constitute Green Financing Instruments and 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, the Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as 
further described in the Issuer’s Green Funding 
Framework dated February 2024 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time) available on the 
Issuer’s website] [For Green Financing Instruments

--- Page 72 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
72 
 
only, include weblink for relevant framework and any 
other relevant information] 
[Specify other] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes calculated by 
reference to benchmarks only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as 
this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the 
benchmark administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of 
Article 2 of that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF FORMULA/CPI, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Amortising Notes only) 
[Not Applicable]  
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
formula/CPI can be obtained.]  
The Notes are linked to the performance of the Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
produced based on data from Statistics Iceland  
Information about the CPI can be obtained [free of charge] from the website of Statistics of 
Iceland being [https://www.statice.is/statistics/economy/prices/consumer-price-index/]  
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[     ]

--- Page 73 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
73 
 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than  
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[Nasdaq CSD Iceland (CSD), CSD 
identification number: [    ]]/give name(s) and 
number(s)]  
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(g) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) and/or 
Transfer Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
(h) 
CSD Calculation Agent: 
[Kvika banki hf./Not Applicable/[   ]]  
(i) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes, Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the 
NSS,] [include this text for Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]].  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then

--- Page 74 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
74 
 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] (In the case of an issue of CSD Notes, 
this will be Not Applicable) 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(e) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(f) 
TEFRA applicability: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Singapore Sales to Accredited and 
Institutional Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
10. 
THIRD 
PARTY 
INFORMATION 
 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [     ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
75 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Pricing Supplement 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]13 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] [Include 
unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”]14 
[MiFID II/ UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed 
capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) 
and [“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice 
 
13 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
14 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 76 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
76 
 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
 [Date] 
KVIKA BANKI HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €750,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in relation to such offer.]15 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 11 March 2024 (the Base Prospectus) [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies 
may be obtained during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer at Katrínartún 2, 
105 Reykjavík, Iceland and from the offices of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Kvika banki hf.  
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and from a single Series 
with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred to in 
 
15 Include relevant legend wording here for the [EEA][and][UK] if the “Prohibition of Sales” legend and related selling restriction for that 
regime are not included/not specified to be “Applicable” (because the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, or a key information 
document will be prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 77 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
77 
 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur on or 
about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: [     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
(N.B. Where Bearer Notes with multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000.”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  N.B. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or reset rate - Specify date/ Floating Rate - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
[specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[     ] month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR][SONIA] +/- 
[  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Zero Coupon]

--- Page 78 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
78 
 
[Inflation Linked]  
[specify other] 
(see paragraph [14][15][16][17][18][19] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date 
at 
[100] 
per 
cent. 
of 
their 
nominal 
amount]/[Inflation linked redemption in accordance 
with paragraph [18] below, and Conditions 4.5 and 
6.14]/[Inflation linked redemption in accordance with 
Condition 6.15] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies, and for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [[20][21][22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
 
(If Subordinated Notes include: 
(i) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of a Capital 
Event: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.3 applies/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.11 applies/Not Applicable] 
(If 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
or 
Senior Preferred Notes include: 
(i) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.4 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.12 applies/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
obtained: 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Notes)

--- Page 79 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
79 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
(g) 
Other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[None/give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other]

--- Page 80 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
80 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Principal Paying Agent 
or, in the case of CSD 
Notes, 
the 
CSD 
Calculation Agent): 
[     ] 
(e) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate, 
Relevant 
Time 
and 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
Reference Rate: [[     ] month] [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR/SONIA/specify other] 
Relevant Time: [[     ] in the Relevant Financial 
Centre/Not Applicable]  
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/ 
Stockholm/Reykjavík/specify other/Not Applicable] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR. For NIBOR, STIBOR 
and 
REIBOR, 
insert 
second 
[Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík] business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period. For SONIA, insert the 
[first, second, third etc.] Business Day immediately 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for each Interest 
Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable), or in the 
case of Payment Delay, the Interest Payment Date at 
the end of each Interest Period; provided that the 
Interest Determination Date with respect to the last 
Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date 
fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date) 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Effective Interest 
Payment Date: 
[The date falling [ ] Business Days following each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that the Effective 
Interest Payment Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Notes before the Maturity Date, the date 
fixed for redemption (include for Payment Delay 
only)]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
81 
 
• 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[     ] 
• 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily/Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless “Lag” or 
“Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation 
Method) 
• 
D: 
[365/Not Applicable] 
• 
Rate 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[The date falling [   ] Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable - used for Payment Delay only]/[Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Index 
Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
If Index Determination is applicable, 
insert:  
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal Place:  
[  ]/[As per the Conditions] 
• 
p: 
[  ]/[As per the Conditions] 
• 
Numerator: 
[  ]/[As per the Conditions] 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 82 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
82 
 
 
[specify other] 
(k) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, 
denominator 
and 
any 
other terms relating to the 
method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from 
those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[     ] 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Margin: 
[[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
up to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date: 
((Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s) up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date:  
((Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[     ] 
(h) 
First Reset Date: 
[      ] 
(i) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
[[      ] [and [     ]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
83 
 
(k) 
Reset 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[     ] 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
(p) 
Original Reset Reference 
Rate Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
(q) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[     ] 
• 
Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
• 
Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
[     ] per cent. 
• 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
• 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[     ] per cent. 
• 
Last Observable 
Mid-Swap Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(r) 
First 
Reset 
Period 
Fallback Yield: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
84 
 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(s) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(t) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(u) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring new issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.)  
(v) 
Any other terms relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on 
Reset Notes, if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[     ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
18. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Amortising 
Notes (applicable to CSD Notes 
only):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The [  ] day in each month]/[[  ] in each year] up 
to and including the Maturity Date 
(c) 
Number 
of 
Interest 
Payments in a year: 
[       ]

--- Page 85 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
85 
 
(d) 
Total number of annuity 
payments on the relevant 
Notes: 
[       ] 
(e) 
Base Index: 
[       ], being the value of the CPI on [     ] 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(g) 
Determination Dates: 
[       ]/Not Applicable 
19. 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes  
(applicable to CSD Notes only):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrear]  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The [  ] day in each month]/[[  ] in each year] up 
to and including the Maturity Date  
(c) 
Base Index: 
[      ], being the value of the CPI on [     ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)]] 
(e) 
Determination Dates: 
[       ]/Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5

--- Page 86 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
86 
 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Each Note will be redeemed as its principal 
amount/[[     ] for the Inflation Linked Amortising 
Notes]/[In accordance with Condition 6.15 per 
Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
22. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [     ] per cent.] 
(b) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount / [     ]] 
(c) 
Notice Period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
Date: 
[     ]  
23. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event or 
an MREL Disqualification Event 
(as applicable): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]]

--- Page 87 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
87 
 
 
[CSD Notes]  
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of an issue of CSD Notes, this will be Not 
Applicable)  
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-
paragraph 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer 
Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No/Not Applicable] 
27. 
Other terms or special conditions: [     ] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Kvika banki hf. : 
 
By: ........................................................... 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
By: ........................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 88 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
88 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(a) 
Listing: 
[[     ]/None] 
(b) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify market – note this should not be a 
regulated 
market] 
with 
effect 
from 
[     ]]/Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[Nasdaq CSD Iceland (CSD), CSD 
identification number: [ ]]/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(f) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(g) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) 
and/or 
Transfer Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ] 
(h) 
CSD 
Calculation 
Agent:  
[Kvika bank hf./Not Applicable/[    ]]  
(i) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with

--- Page 89 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
89 
 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper, that is, held under the NSS,] [include 
this text for Registered Notes which are to be held under 
the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under 
the NSS [include this text for Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS]]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
European Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] (In the case of an issue of CSD Notes, 
this will be Not Applicable)  
3. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The Notes constitute Green Financing Instruments and 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in 
part, the Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further 
described in the Issuer’s Green Funding Framework dated 
February 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time 
to time) available on the Issuer’s website] [For Green 
Financing Instruments only, include weblink for relevant 
framework and any other relevant information] 
 [Specify other] 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF FORMULA/CPI, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE 
OF INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (Inflation Linked Notes and Inflation Linked 
Amortising Notes only) 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
90 
 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
formula/CPI can be obtained.]  
The Notes are linked to the performance of the Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
produced based on data from Statistics Iceland  
Information about the CPI can be obtained from the website of Statistics of Iceland being 
[http://www.statice.is/Statistics/Prices-and-consumption/Indices-overview] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Stabilising Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(e) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(f) 
TEFRA applicability: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(i) 
Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional 
and 
Accredited 
Investors 
only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
91 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The following are also the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes which will be applicable to each CSD Note. CSD Notes will not be evidenced 
by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by the CSD. The 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Kvika banki hf.  (the Issuer) pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form;  
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form); and 
(e) 
any Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and cleared through the 
Nasdaq CSD Iceland (the CSD) (CSD Notes). 
In the case of Bearer Notes, references to Notes shall be deemed to include any Coupons.  
In the case of Notes other than CSD Notes, the Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the 
benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 11 March 2024 and 
made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacities as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent, and, together with any substitute or additional paying agents 
appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents) and Citibank Europe plc in 
its capacities as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and as 
transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
In the case of CSD Notes, the initial CSD account manager is the Issuer (the CSD Account Manager, 
which expression shall include any successor account manager in relation to CSD Notes) and the CSD 
Notes will have the benefit of the Agency Agreement to the extent specified therein. References herein 
to the CSD Calculation Agent shall mean the CSD Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (as defined below) or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (as defined below) (or 
any successor calculation agent in relation to CSD Notes). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context

--- Page 92 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
92 
 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global 
Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons, Talons or 
related expressions shall not apply to CSD Notes. In the case of Definitive Bearer Notes only, any 
reference herein to Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference 
to Coupons. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes, (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note or in relation to any CSD 
Notes, be construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders 
of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
In the case of Notes other than CSD Notes, the Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the 
benefit of the deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 11 March 2024 and made by the Issuer.  
The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the other 
Paying Agents and the other Transfer Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to 
as the Agents).   
References herein to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions), 
the Prospectus Regulation).  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in (i) in the case of Notes 
other than Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (Final Terms) attached to, endorsed on or 
otherwise deemed to apply to this Note which completes the Conditions or (ii) in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Part A of a pricing supplement (Pricing Supplement) attached to, endorsed on or otherwise 
deemed to apply to this Note which supplements, amends, modifies and replaces the Conditions and 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  
References herein to the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing 
Supplement are accordingly to Part A of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) relating to the Notes. 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext 
Dublin, 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other 
regulated market in the European Economic Area, the applicable Final Terms will be published in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and 
otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are also available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer 
and of the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices.

--- Page 93 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
93 
 
In the case of Exempt Notes, copies of the applicable Pricing Supplement may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the offices of the Principal Paying Agent only by a Noteholder holding 
one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.   
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them.  The statements in 
the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in the 
Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the 
event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and denomination 
The Notes are (i) in bearer form, (ii) in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and, in the case of definitive Notes, 
serially numbered or (iii) CSD Notes, in each case in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s).  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes or 
CSD Notes. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or CSD Notes. CSD 
Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes.   
The Notes other than CSD Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, 
Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. The 
CSD Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, 
Inflation Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Amortising Notes or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. The CSD Notes may also be Inflation Linked Notes 
or Inflation Linked Amortising Notes depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
depending upon the Status shown in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
1.2 
Title to Notes other than CSD Notes 
This Condition 1.2 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise

--- Page 94 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
94 
 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered 
holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), 
each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being 
shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be.  References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or 
as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
1.3 
Title to CSD Notes 
This Condition 1.3 only applies to CSD Notes. 
The holder of a CSD Note will be the person evidenced (including any nominee) as such by a 
book entry in the records of the CSD. The person so evidenced as a holder of CSD Notes shall 
be treated as the holder of such Notes for all purposes and the expressions Noteholder, holder 
of Notes and holder of CSD Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Title to the CSD Notes will pass by registration in the register between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at the CSD in accordance with the rules and procedures of the CSD. 
CSD Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of the CSD. References to the CSD shall, wherever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or as may be otherwise 
approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the CSD Account Manager.  
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to

--- Page 95 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
95 
 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.3 and 2.5 below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement).  In order to effect any such 
transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or 
holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) 
the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents 
of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to 
such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the 
initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to 
comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or 
procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk 
of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note 
(or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only 
of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of 
the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
2.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a 
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time.

--- Page 96 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
96 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
3.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings 
over the Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable 
to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall 
rank: 
(i) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable 
under Icelandic law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer from time to time outstanding; and 
(ii) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
junior to present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer.  
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings 
over the Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable 
to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall 
rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, any Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer.

--- Page 97 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
97 
 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves. The Notes are subordinated as described in 
Condition 3.3(b). 
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings 
over the Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against 
the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable 
to the Notes and any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall, 
subject to mandatory provisions of Icelandic law including but not limited to any 
Icelandic implementation of Article 48(7) of the BRRD,  rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior Creditors. 
3.4 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, claims in respect of any Notes held by a Noteholder may not be set-
off, or be the subject of a counterclaim, by the relevant Noteholder against or in respect of any 
of its obligations to the Issuer or any other person and each Noteholder waives, and shall be 
treated for all purposes as if it had waived, any right that it might otherwise have to set-off, or 
to raise by way of counterclaim, any of its claims in respect of any Notes, against or in respect 
of any of its obligations to the Issuer or any other person. If, notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of 
any Note by virtue of such set-off or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer 
and shall pay the amount thereof to the Issuer or, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, 
to the liquidator of the Issuer, to be held on trust for the Senior Creditors. 
3.5 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Iceland giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be);  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
CRD means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures;

--- Page 98 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
98 
 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be 
fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the 
Group, as the case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required 
by the CRD Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical 
standards released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement 
thereof); 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the 
same may be amended or replaced from time to time); 
FSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland 
(Fjármálaeftirlitið) or such other agency of Iceland which assumes or performs the functions 
which are performed by such authority;  
Hierarchy of Claims Act means Act No. 38/2021, which amended Act No. 70/2020 on 
Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, and was passed by the 
Icelandic Parliament on 4 May 2021 and subsequently enacted into law; 
Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes;  
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may 
be; 
Parity Securities means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which were 
eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital at issue by the Relevant Regulator, any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect of 
securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which were 
eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital at issue and any instruments issued, and subordinated 
guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith, but, in each case, excluding Junior 
Securities; 
Relevant Regulator means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) 
(i) (in respect of the Subordinated Notes) the FSA and (ii) (in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority of the Central Bank of 
Iceland and/or such other authority tasked with matters relating to the qualification of securities 
of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations;  
Senior Creditors means (a) the depositors of the Issuer; (b) other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Issuer (including, without limitation, any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer); 
and (c) subordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of any present or future obligation of the 
Issuer which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of liquidation, 
dissolution, winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Issuer, by way of exercise of

--- Page 99 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
99 
 
public authority, to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, 
but which rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to Parity Securities and Junior Securities;  
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking;  
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking for senior non-preferred notes or senior 
non-preferred debt instruments as described in Article 85 (a) of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery 
and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended by the Hierarchy of 
Claims Act, that expressly provides that, upon the insolvency of a financial institution regulated 
under Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment 
Firms, such senior non-preferred notes or senior non-preferred debt instruments will rank below 
other unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities with higher priority ranking of the financial 
institution; and in addition, with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities that constitute 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the ranking set forth in Condition 3.2; and 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital as described in Article 84(c) of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings and secondary legislation adopted on the basis of that act, as amended or replaced.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are 
CSD Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation

--- Page 100 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
100 
 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 4.1, Condition 4.5 or Condition 4.6, as the case may be: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most 
recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent.

--- Page 101 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
101 
 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, each date (each such date, 
together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which 
falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) (or if Condition 4.2(b)(ii) applies, the relevant payment date if the Notes become 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding 
day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (2) below shall apply mutatis 
mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 102 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
102 
 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(1) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and any Additional 
Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement;  
(2) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, a day on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and  
(3) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 
is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes not referencing SONIA 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement is a rate other than SONIA, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent 
or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent.  If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.

--- Page 103 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
103 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause (A) above, 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause (B) above, fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, (in the case of Notes 
other than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation 
Agent  shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide (in the case of Notes other 
than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide (in the case of Notes other 
than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent 
with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
(in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) 
the CSD Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent 
or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent determines as being the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) (in the case 
of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant 
Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) 
the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide (in the case 
of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD 
Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs (in the case of Notes other than 
CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other 
Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 104 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
104 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(i): 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; and, in the 
case of a determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office 
in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by (in the case of Notes other than 
CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent. 
Reference Rate shall mean (i) the Eurozone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), (ii) 
the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), (iii) the Stockholm interbank offered 
rate (STIBOR), or (iv) the Reykjavík interbank offered rate (REIBOR), in each case 
for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, subject as provided in Condition 4.3. 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean (i) Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, (ii) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (iii) Stockholm, in the 
case of a determination of STIBOR, or (iv) Reykjavík, in the case of a determination 
of REIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
Relevant Screen Page shall mean the screen page specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or such other page, section 
or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information 
service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of (i) displaying rates or prices comparable 
to the Reference Rate or, (ii) displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate, as the case may be. 
Relevant Time shall mean the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA 
(A) 
Where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement is SONIA and Index Determination 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement as not applicable: 
(I) 
where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being 
“Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 4.3 and Condition 4.2(c) 
and subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as 
determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(II) 
where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being

--- Page 105 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
105 
 
“Weighted Average”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 4.3 and Condition 4.2(c) 
and subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as 
determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
Subject to Condition 4.3, if, in respect of any London Banking Day, (in the 
case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case 
of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent, determines that the SONIA rate is 
not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(1) 
(x) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant London 
Banking Day; plus (y) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA reference 
rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads); or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant London Banking Day, 
the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors),  
and, in each case, “r” will be interpreted accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 4.3, 
in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (x) how the 
SONIA rate is to be determined or (y) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
rate, (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent 
or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent shall, in accordance 
with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance to the extent 
practicable and to the extent such guidance does not increase obligations or 
duties of (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent in order to 
determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA 
rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by  (in the case of 
Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 4.3, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different

--- Page 106 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
106 
 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest 
Period is the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not 
the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. 
If the Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the last 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became 
due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(A): 
If Payment Delay is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, all references in the 
Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest Payment Date 
shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an Effective 
Interest Payment Date instead; 
Applicable Period means: 
(i) 
where Lag, Lock-out or Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, Interest Period; and 
(ii) 
where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, Observation Period; 
Calculation Method has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with 
SONIA as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by  (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards:

--- Page 107 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
107 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) – 1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of London Banking 
Days in such Applicable Period; 
Effective Interest Payment Date means any date or dates specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such Applicable 
Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date; 
London Banking Day or BD, means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
ni, for any London Banking Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day i up to but 
excluding the following London Banking Day; 
Observation Method shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling p London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, 
the date which is p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
p means, for any Interest Period: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the 
number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of

--- Page 108 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
108 
 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (or, if no such number is specified 
two London Banking Days); 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, zero; 
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (or, if no such 
number is specified, two London Banking Days); 
r means: 
(i) 
where in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is specified 
as the Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day, 
the SONIA rate in respect of such London Banking Day; 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method: in respect of any London Banking Day 
“i” that is a Reference Day, the SONIA rate in respect of the 
London Banking Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day, and 
(B) 
in respect of any London Banking Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a London Banking Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the London Banking 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding 
with the Interest Determination Date); 
(ii) 
where in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, “Payment Delay” is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any London Banking Day, the SONIA rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day, provided however that, in the 
case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each London Banking Day 
in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, “r” shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off 
Date; 
Rate Cut-off Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Reference Day means each London Banking Day in the relevant Interest 
Period, other than any London Banking Day in the Lock-out Period; 
ri-pBD means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of “r” 
above for, (i) where, in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, the

--- Page 109 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
109 
 
London Banking Day (being a London Banking Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant London Banking Day 
“i”; 
SONIA means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Banking 
Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each 
case on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
Weighted Average Reference Rate means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the 
arithmetic mean of the SONIA in effect for each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant SONIA by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these 
purposes the SONIA in effect for any calendar day which is not a 
London Banking Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA in effect for 
the London Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
and 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean of the SONIA in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant SONIA by the number of calendar days such 
rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing 
such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest 
Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant SONIA for each day 
during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the SONIA in effect 
for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such 
Lock-out Period. For these purposes the SONIA in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a London Banking Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the SONIA in effect for the London 
Banking Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
(B) 
If the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement is SONIA and Index Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula 
and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by (in the 
case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case 
of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) the Margin:

--- Page 110 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
110 
 
(
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 S𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥
𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(B): 
Compounded Index End means the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value on the 
day falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
Compounded Index Start means the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value on 
the day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
Numerator shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be 365; 
p shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be five (representing a number of London Banking 
Days); 
Relevant Decimal Place shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be the fifth decimal place 
rounded, if necessary (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); 
SONIA Compounded Index means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA, if, with respect 
to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index 
End is not published by the administrator, (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) 
the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(A) as if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable. For these 
purposes, (i) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (ii) the 
Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iii) the Observation 
Look-back Period shall be deemed to be p, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator 
and (vi) the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with 
(in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case 
of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 4.3 shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of this 4.2(b)(ii)(B).

--- Page 111 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
111 
 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify a 
Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) 
above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify a 
Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) 
above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) CSD Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) CSD Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are 
CSD Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2 or Condition 4.6, as the case may be: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/365” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365;

--- Page 112 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
112 
 
(C) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
360; 
(E) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[ 360 x (Y2−Y1)]+[30 x (M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ 360 x (Y2−Y1)]+[30 x (M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 113 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
113 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(G) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[ 360 x (Y2−Y1)]+[30 x (M2−M1)]+(D2−D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by (in the case of Notes other than CSD 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 114 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
114 
 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) CSD Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for 
the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in 
no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
4.3 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(a) 
the Notes are Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the Reset Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
the Notes are Floating Rate Notes,  
and, in each case, if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, then the provisions 
of this Condition 4.3 shall apply.   
If notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(i) or Condition 4.4(b), the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for 
all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 4.3 during any other future Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 4.3:

--- Page 115 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
115 
 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3); 
(B) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all 
future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, an Adjustment Spread, then the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
apply without an Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 4.3); and 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may in its discretion 
specify: 
(x) 
other changes to the Conditions which it determines are reasonably 
necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (1) 
the Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset 
Reference Rate, Reference Banks, Reset Reference Banks, Relevant 
Financial Centre, Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time and/or Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable) applicable to the Notes and (2) the 
method for determining the fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation 
to the Notes if such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the 
proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable),  
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.3); and 
(D) 
promptly following the determination of (x) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (y) if applicable, any 
Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and 
the effective date thereof) pursuant to Condition 4.3(b)(ii)(C) to (in the case of

--- Page 116 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
116 
 
Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent and the CSD Account Manager and each 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) described in this 
Condition 4.3 or such other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 4.3(b)(ii), including for the 
execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to 
the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is 
not determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.3 prior to the relevant IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(i) or Condition 4.4(b) 
(as applicable). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes (if applicable) and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3, no Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.3 if, and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or result in the Relevant Regulator 
treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Condition 4.3, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will 
be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this 
Condition 4.3 if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.3 shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in 
connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.3. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation 
with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable

--- Page 117 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
117 
 
manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage 
in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate 
or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) below applies, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines to be appropriate; 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the component part thereof) in respect of debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration:  
(a) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, to the relevant Interest Periods; or 
(b) 
in the case of Reset Notes, to the relevant Reset Periods, 
or in any case, if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that there is no such rate, such 
other rate as it determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
(b) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (ii)(A); or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv) (A); or 
(e) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as applicable, become unlawful for the  (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) 
the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent

--- Page 118 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
118 
 
or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be 
made to the Noteholders using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; 
IA Determination Cut-off Date means: 
(a) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is no later than 
five Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately 
following Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as Mid-Swap Rate, in any Reset Period, the date 
that is no later than five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date relating 
to the next succeeding Reset Period;  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable 
MREL Regulations;  
Original Reference Rate means:  
(a) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of 
the  Notes; or 
(b) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been 
determined in relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the 
operation of this Condition 4.3; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate, which successor or 
replacement is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 119 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
119 
 
4.4 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date (the Initial Period), at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period will amount to the 
Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, 
amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
The (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) CSD Calculation Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate 
of Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest for such Reset Period.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the 
case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Reset 
Notes Interest Amount) payable on the Reset Notes for any period by applying the relevant 
Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are CSD 
Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.

--- Page 120 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
120 
 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement as Mid-Swap Rate and if on any Reset Determination Date, the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset 
Period will, subject as provided in Condition 4.3, as applicable, be determined by (in the case 
of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the 
CSD Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
(in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) 
the CSD Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide 
(in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) 
the CSD Calculation Agent  with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in question; 
(ii) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide (in the case of Notes other than 
CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent with 
the Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations 
provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by (in the case of Notes 
other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the 
CSD Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by (in the 
case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides (in the case of Notes other than CSD 
Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent with a Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
4.4, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) will be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant Reset Reference Rate 
determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest will be equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin;

--- Page 121 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
121 
 
(B) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement 
as being applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate and 
(B) the Relevant Reset Margin; or 
(C) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (A) the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent.  
(c) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.4(c) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable. The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest will be converted by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent from the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest 
Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in 
conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying 
Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent will cause the relevant Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day (as defined in Condition 4.2(f)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes Interest 
Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements 
made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to listing and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning given in Condition 4.2(d); 
Fallback Relevant Time has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement;  
Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York at http://www.newyork fed.org, or any successor source; 
First Reset Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 122 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
122 
 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, 
subject to Condition 4.4(b) and 4.4(c), the rate of interest determined by (in the case of Notes 
other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the First Reset Margin; 
H.15 means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
Interest Period has the meaning given in Condition 4.2(a); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means, subject as provided in Condition 4.3, if applicable, for any 
Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a 
frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Issuer) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which 
transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and 
(iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Issuer); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is 
euro); NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner); STIBOR (if the Specified 
Currency is Swedish Krona); REIBOR (if the Specified Currency is króna) or (in the case of 
any other Specified Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified 
Currency and selected by the Issuer, subject as provided in Condition 4.4, if applicable; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, 
quarterly or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities 
issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment 
bank of international repute, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period;

--- Page 123 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
123 
 
Reference Bond Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent 
or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent of the bid and offered yields 
for the relevant Reference Bond provided to (in the case of Notes other than CSD 
Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent by such 
Reset Reference Bank at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset 
Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the rate, as determined by the Issuer, 
of the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based on the 
secondary market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for the relevant Reset United 
States Treasury Security at approximately the Fallback Relevant Time on the United 
States Government Securities Business Day following such Reset Determination Date; 
Relevant Reset Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset 
Margin or the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate 
of Interest in respect of such Reset Period; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination 
Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
determined on the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference 
Banks to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Issuer or (in the case of CSD Notes) 
the CSD Calculation Agent at approximately: 
(i) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Time on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Fallback Relevant Time on the 
United States Government Securities Business Day following such Reset 
Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate 
will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond 
Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond 
Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be

--- Page 124 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
124 
 
(i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset 
Period, the First Reset Period Fallback Yield;  
Reset Reference Banks means:  
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, 
money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks which are 
primary government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues denominated in the Specified Currency; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, five major banks which are primary 
United States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond 
issues denominated in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York’s Website,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer. 
Reset Reference Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 4.3 and Condition 4.4(b), if applicable: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(I) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(II) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as 
a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(I) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(II) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 125 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
125 
 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination 
Date, all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum 
and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference 
Bond, as determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the 
Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation 
Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(B) 
if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination 
Date or (ii) a Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference 
Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement and if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the rate which is 
equal to: 
(A) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for United States 
Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity which is 
equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published 
in H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that 
yield is displayed on such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen 
Page; or 
(B) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by the Relevant 
Time on the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for the United States 
Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” having a period to maturity which 
is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period as published 
in H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such 
Reset Determination Date; or 
(C) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above nor the yield referred to 
in paragraph (ii) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date,  
in each case, all as determined by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent;  
Reset United States Treasury Security means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the 
United States Treasury Security: 
(i) 
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the 
relevant Reset Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less 
than the duration of the relevant Reset Period; and

--- Page 126 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
126 
 
(ii) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000; 
Subsequent Reset Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be;  
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if 
applicable, subject to Condition 4.4(b) and Condition 4.4(c), the rate of interest determined by 
(in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the 
relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin;  
United States Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or its successor), the fixed income departments of its members are closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
United States Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United 
States Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
4.5 
Interest on Inflation Linked Notes 
This Condition 4.5 only applies to CSD Notes. 
Each Inflation Linked Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest multiplied by the Index Ratio (as defined 
in Condition 5.8) below. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in 
each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date or any earlier Interest Payment Date on which 
the Notes are redeemed in full. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest 
shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest multiplied by the 
Index Ratio (as defined in Condition 5.8) to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Inflation Linked Notes and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as 
defined in Condition 4.1), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
4.6 
Interest on Inflation Linked Amortising Notes 
This Condition 4.6 only applies to CSD Notes. 
Each Inflation Linked Amortising Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period such interest 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying 
such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 4.1 or, as the case may 
be, Condition 4.2(d)), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant

--- Page 127 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
127 
 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
4.7 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of 
Condition 4.2 and 4.4 by an Independent Adviser, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the CSD 
Calculation Agent and CSD Account Manager, the other Agents (each if applicable) and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent, 
the CSD Calculation Agent or such Independent Adviser (each if applicable) in connection with 
the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
4.8 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the CSD Account Manager 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto.

--- Page 128 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
128 
 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will be made in the manner provided 
in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto 
(which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of 
matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case 
of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note, Inflation Linked Note, Inflation 
Linked Amortising Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than 
the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity 
Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be 
paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global 
Note, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each 
payment, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.

--- Page 129 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
129 
 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will 
be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) 
of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register 
of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day 
on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located) before the relevant due date.  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder 
does not have a Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder 
is less than €100,000 (or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment 
will instead be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as 
defined below).  For these purposes, Designated Account means the account (which, in the 
case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by 
uninsured mail on the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is 
located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business 
day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) at his address shown in the Register on the 
Record Date and at his risk.  Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the 
payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments 
of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which 
become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the 
Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder.  Payment of the interest due in 
respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of 
the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer and the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the

--- Page 130 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
130 
 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments  
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of 
principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above 
when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay.  For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; or 
(iii) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, a day on which 
T2 is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are

--- Page 131 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
131 
 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
5.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Clean-up Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6.7(b)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
5.8 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Amortising Notes 
This Condition 5.8 only applies to CSD Notes. 
(a) 
If this is an Inflation Linked Amortising Note, the Issuer shall, on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date, make a combined payment of principal due under Condition 6.14, interest due 
under Condition 4.6 and any indexation amount (together, the Annuity Amount) as calculated 
by (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of 
CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
P =
r
l−(l+r)−n × IR × d 
where:  
P =  
The combined payment of principal, interest and indexation amount of the Notes; 
r =  
𝑐
[ 𝑖𝑛𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑡 𝑛𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑖𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑝𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑠 𝑝𝑒𝑟 𝑦𝑒𝑎𝑟 ]; 
c = The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes; 
d = The Specified Denomination of the Notes;  
n = [Insert total number of annuity payments on the Notes]; and

--- Page 132 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
132 
 
IR =The Index Ratio as determined in accordance with subparagraph (b) below 
(b) 
The value of the Index Ratio (Index Ratio or IR) on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall 
be the value of the Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
divided by the value of the Base Index (BI) as calculated by (in the case of Notes other than 
CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Calculation 
Agent: 
being IR =
RI
BI 
where: 
Reference Index or RI means: 
(i) 
for the first day of the relevant calendar month, the value of the Consumer Price Index 
(the CPI) for the relevant month as calculated by Statistics Iceland pursuant to the 
Consumer Price Index Act of 1995 (lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995) and 
published monthly in the Legal Gazette (Lögbirtingarblaðið); 
(ii) 
for each day in the relevant calendar month other than the first day: 
(A) 
if the CPI for the calendar month immediately succeeding the month in which 
the relevant Interest Payment Date falls (the Succeeding Month CPI) has been 
published as at the relevant Interest Payment Date: 
𝑅𝐼= 𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑡+ (𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑡+1 −𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑡) 𝑑
30 
(B) 
if the Succeeding Month CPI has not been published as at the relevant Interest 
Payment Date: 
RI = 𝐶𝑃𝐼𝑡× (1 + 𝑖)
𝑑
360 
where: 
RI = Reference Index; 
CPIt =CPI value for the first day of the relevant calendar month; 
CPIt+1 =Succeeding Month CPI; 
d = number of days since the first day of the month; and 
i = annualised inflation forecast of the Central Bank of Iceland 
and 
Base Index means the value specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the Pricing Supplement, being the value of the CPI on the relevant date specified in such 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, as of the calendar month from and including 
that in which such substitution takes effect:

--- Page 133 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
133 
 
(i) 
the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer to the new index; and 
(ii) 
the new Base Index shall be the product of the old Base Index prior to the change and 
the new Reference Index immediately following such substitution, divided by the old 
Reference Index immediately prior to such substitution. 
5.9 
Payments in respect of CSD Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of CSD Notes will be made to the Noteholders 
shown in the relevant records of the CSD in accordance with and subject to the rules and 
regulations from time to time governing the CSD. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on 
the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Amortising Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Linked Note or an 
Inflation Linked Amortising Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders, if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer:  
(i) 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 7; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, would not be entitled to claim a full 
tax deduction in a Tax Jurisdiction in respect of such payment; and  
(b) 
(in the case of paragraph (a)(i) above) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it, 
(each a Tax Event) provided that (in the case of paragraph (a)(i) above) no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then 
due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the 
case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement

--- Page 134 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
134 
 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
a Tax Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption.   
The Issuer undertakes that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will only 
be made in compliance with all the requirements set out herein including, but not limited to, all 
payments being made in the Specified Currency. 
6.3 
Redemption upon a Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes in relation to which this Condition 6.3 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
the Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to (in 
the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) the CSD Account Manager and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, if a 
Capital Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the 
case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption.  
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meaning: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Iceland and applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
CRD and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy 
then in effect of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or 
policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to 
the Issuer and/or the Group);    
Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that, as a result of a change (or any pending change which the Relevant Regulator 
considers sufficiently certain) in Icelandic law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any 
change (or any pending change which the Relevant Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in 
the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or, as the case may be, will be excluded in whole

--- Page 135 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
135 
 
or in part from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, provided that: (i) such exclusion 
is not as a result of any applicable limitation on such capital and (ii) the Issuer satisfies the 
Relevant Regulator that such exclusion was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the 
issuance of the Notes;   
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; and 
Subsidiaries means any entity whose affairs are required by law or in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles applicable in Iceland to be consolidated in the Issuer’s 
consolidated accounts. 
6.4 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
relation to which this Condition 6.4 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to (in 
the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) the CSD Account Manager and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, if a 
MREL Disqualification Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the 
case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption.  
In the Conditions, MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, 
as a result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully excluded or partially 
excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet 
any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if 
the Issuer or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL 
Requirement; provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
exclusion is or will be caused by (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, 
(ii) the Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer or (iii) any applicable limits on 
the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed 
to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded.

--- Page 136 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
136 
 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, 
save as provided below, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to 
(i) (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the 
case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager and (ii) in the case of a redemption of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
be selected: 
(i) 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes; or 
(ii) 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note,  
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the Selection Date).   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of 
such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be 
permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and notice to that effect shall be given by 
the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the 
Selection Date. 
The Issuer undertakes that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will only 
be made in compliance with all the requirements set out herein including, but not limited to, all 
payments being made in the Specified Currency. 
6.6 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Redemption Option) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, if Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, in the event that at least 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement of the initial

--- Page 137 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
137 
 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt 
include any additional notes issued  subsequently pursuant to Condition 15 and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased 
by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, and in each case, cancelled (the Clean-
up Percentage), the Issuer may, at its option, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to 
(i) (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the 
case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager and (ii) in the case of a redemption of 
Registered Notes, the Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem in 
whole, but not in part, the Notes then outstanding on the Clean-up Redemption Date and at the 
Clean-up Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Clean-up Redemption Date.  
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 and Condition 6.4, each Note will be redeemed 
at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) the amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or, if no 
such amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, at its nominal amount; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement which will be either (i) 30/360 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days form (and including)

--- Page 138 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
138 
 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and payable and the denominator will be 365). 
6.8 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered 
to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All 
Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith), shall be forwarded to 
(in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD 
Notes) the CSD Account Manager and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 above is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in Condition 6.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date 
fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and 
payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent, the CSD 
Account Manager or the Registrar and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.11 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.11 applies only to Subordinated Notes and “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this 
Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If Condition 6.11 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, and at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs, 
or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6.13, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal 
Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary 
the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of Condition 17 from English 
law to Icelandic law) so that they remain, or, as appropriate, become, Subordinated Qualifying 
Securities, provided that such substitution or variation does not itself give rise to any right of

--- Page 139 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
139 
 
the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied securities that are inconsistent with the redemption 
provisions of the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent 
or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager a certificate signed by two Directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
substitute or, as the case may be, vary the terms of the Notes, have occurred. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 17 to Icelandic law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the 
case may be; (ii) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation, as the case may be; (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior 
to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iv) comply with the then 
current requirements of the FSA in relation to Tier 2 Capital; (v) preserve any existing 
rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date, and (vi) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published 
solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, 
an equal or higher published solicited rating to the relevant Qualifying Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; and 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or its successor. 
6.12 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6.12 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If Condition 6.12 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, and at any time a MREL Disqualification Event or a 
Tax Event occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to 
the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to (in the case of Notes other than CSD 
Notes) the Principal Paying Agent or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, 
of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including changing the governing law of 
Condition 17 from English law to Icelandic law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of

--- Page 140 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
140 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below), 
as the case may be. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) the Principal Paying Agent 
or (in the case of CSD Notes) the CSD Account Manager a certificate signed by two Directors 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
substitute or, as the case may be, vary the terms of the Notes, have occurred. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 17 to Icelandic law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be; (ii) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as 
the case may be; (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iv) comply with the then current 
requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) preserve any existing rights 
under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution 
or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date; (vi) 
where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published solicited rating 
from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published solicited rating to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, 
and (vii) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-
downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; and 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 17 to Icelandic law in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be; (ii) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the prior to such substitution or variation, as the 
case may be; (iii) have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iv) comply with the then current 
requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) preserve any existing rights 
under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period

--- Page 141 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
141 
 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution 
or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date; (vi) 
where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published solicited rating 
from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published solicited rating to the relevant Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, and 
(vii) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-
downs or conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
6.13 
Consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under 
Condition 6.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 6.11, shall take place without the 
prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent then required by the 
Relevant Regulator). In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant 
to Condition 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer 
requires, the Issuer may only redeem such Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the 
last Tranche of the Notes if the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator 
that the circumstance that entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, 
redemption of Subordinated Notes under Condition 6.1 shall not require the consent of the 
Relevant Regulator.  
In the case of Senior Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, no early redemption in any 
circumstances, purchase under Condition 6.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 6.12, 
shall take place without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent 
then required by the Applicable Banking Regulations). For the avoidance of doubt, redemption 
of Senior Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred Notes under Condition 6.1 shall not require the 
consent of the Relevant Regulator. 
6.14 
Calculation of principal payments in respect of Inflation Linked Amortising Notes 
This Condition 6.14 only applies to CSD Notes. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Inflation Linked Amortising 
Note will, subject to Condition 5.8, be redeemed in one or more amounts constituting payments 
of principal in relation to such Inflation Linked Amortising Note, in the relevant Specified 
Currency on the relevant Interest Payment Dates, calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
A =
r(1+r)k−l
(1+r)n−1 ×  d 
where: 
A =The amount of each instalment of the Notes; 
r =  
𝑐
[𝑖𝑛𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑡 𝑛𝑢𝑚𝑏𝑒𝑟 𝑜𝑓 𝑖𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑝𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑠 𝑝𝑒𝑟 𝑦𝑒𝑎𝑟];

--- Page 142 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
142 
 
c = The Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes; 
d = The Specified Denomination of the Notes; 
n = [Insert total number of [annuity] payments on the Notes]; and 
k =The number of payments that have already taken place + 1 (k = 1 for the first payment, k 
= 2 for the second payment, etc.) 
 
This formula does not link the principal amount calculated to inflation. 
6.15 
Calculation of principal payments in respect of Inflation Linked Notes 
This Condition 6.15 only applies to CSD Notes. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Inflation Linked Note will be 
redeemed in one or more amounts constituting payments of principal in relation to such 
Inflation Linked Note, in the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Interest Payment 
Dates, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
P = N × IR 
where: 
P =  
the Final Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination of each Inflation Linked  
Note; 
N =  
the Specified Denomination (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) for each Inflation Linked Note; and  
IR =     the Index Ratio as set out in Condition 5.8(b), above. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, in the case 
of a payment of interest only, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (Additional 
Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the 
case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
presented for payment in Iceland; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 143 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
143 
 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an Additional 
Amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6); or 
(d) 
on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or 
withheld by reason of the application of Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any 
successor provisions), any regulation, pronouncement or agreement thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any intergovernmental agreement or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, whether currently in effect or as published and 
amended from time to time. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent, the CSD Account Manager or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
Pursuant to point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Icelandic Act No 90/2003 on Income 
Tax (the Icelandic Income Tax Act), non-Icelandic residents are not subject to tax on any 
interest income derived by them from the Notes and Coupons provided the Notes are registered 
with a securities depository within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development, the  European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade 
Association or the Faroe Islands (any such securities depository, an Eligible Securities 
Depository) and the Issuer registers the Notes with the Directorate of Internal Revenue in 
Iceland. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that any Notes are registered and accepted for 
clearance with an Eligible Securities Depository (which would include Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the CSD) and to register any Notes with the Directorate of Internal Revenue 
in Iceland on or prior to the Issue Date of the Notes and to obtain a certificate of exemption in 
respect thereof. In the event that such exemption to the Icelandic Income Tax Act is forfeited, 
suspended or revoked as a result of the Issuer failing to register the Notes as aforesaid or the 
Notes being in definitive form and held outside an Eligible Securities Depository or the Notes 
otherwise ceasing to be registered with an Eligible Securities Depository or for any other reason 
and any payment in respect of the Notes is accordingly subject to withholding or deduction 
pursuant to the Icelandic Income Tax Act, the Issuer will pay such Additional Amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of  interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction (and the exceptions set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) 
above shall not be applicable). 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (in whatever form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of 
principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor.

--- Page 144 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
144 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 
5.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
The following events or circumstances (each an Enforcement Event) shall constitute 
enforcement events in relation to the Notes: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of three days in the case of 
principal and seven days in the case of interest, any Noteholder may, at its own 
discretion and without further notice, institute proceedings in Iceland in order to 
recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder, provided that a Noteholder 
may not at any time file for liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. Any Noteholder 
may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on 
the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution 
of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it; and 
(b) 
if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, then the Notes shall become due and payable at their outstanding principal 
amount together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons), the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) or the CSD Account Manager (in the 
case of CSD Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. The initial 
CSD Account Manager is the Issuer. If any additional Paying Agents, Transfer Agents or CSD 
Account Manager is appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such agents will be 
specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or the CSD 
Account Manager and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or additional or other agents 
in respect of any CSD Notes, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office 
in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority;

--- Page 145 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
145 
 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and  
(d) 
in the case of CSD Notes, there will always be a CSD Account Manager authorised to 
act as an account holding institution with the CSD.  
In addition, in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a 
Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in 
Condition 5.5.  Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents will be 
given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents and the CSD Account Manager act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust 
with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting 
any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to 
which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
This Condition 12 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
13.1 
Notes other than CSD Notes 
This Condition 13.1 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that 
any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of 
joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the

--- Page 146 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
146 
 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the 
rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes), the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) or the CSD Account Manager (in the case of CSD Notes).  Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13.2 
CSD Notes 
This Condition 13.2 only applies to CSD Notes. 
All notices regarding the CSD Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in 
accordance with the procedures of the CSD. 
The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the CSD Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the CSD Notes on the date 
it is published in accordance with the procedures of the CSD. 
Notices to be given by any holder of CSD Notes may be given by such holder through the CSD, 
in such manner as the CSD Account Manager and the CSD may approve for this purpose.  
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
14.1 
Notes other than CSD Notes 
This Condition 14.1 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution (as defined in Schedule 4, Part 1 of the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the 
Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may 
be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by 
Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of

--- Page 147 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
147 
 
payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), 
the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution 
passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a 
majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
Any modification to the Conditions is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if such permission is then required by the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable). 
14.2 
CSD Notes 
This Condition 14.2 only applies to CSD Notes. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including that meetings of Noteholders (for the 
purposes of this provision, Noteholders’ Meeting) may be convened by the Issuer and shall be 
convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate or certificates 
(dated no earlier than 14 days prior to the meeting) from the CSD or the CSD Account Manager 
stating that each such Noteholder is entered into the records of the CSD or the CSD Account 
Manager, as the case may be, as a Noteholder, and such Noteholder or Noteholders collectively 
hold or represent not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding and provide an undertaking that no transfers or dealings have taken place or will 
take place in the relevant Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more such persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes so held or represented; except that at any meeting the business of which includes the 
modification of certain provisions of the Notes as set out in Schedule 4, Part 2, subclause 3.5 
of the Agency Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date 
for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes), the 
quorum shall be one or more such persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount

--- Page 148 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
148 
 
of the Notes so held or represented. A resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of the Noteholders, the person named in the certificate from the 
CSD or the CSD Account Manager, as the case may be, described above shall be treated as the 
holder of the Notes specified in such certificate, provided that he has given an undertaking not 
to transfer the Notes so specified (prior to the close of the meeting). 
The provisions for the convening and holding of such Noteholders’ Meetings are set out in the 
Agency Agreement. 
The Principal Paying Agent (insofar as the relevant modification relates to the Agency 
Agreement) and the Issuer may agree without the consent of any of the Noteholders, to any 
modification of the CSD Notes or the Agency Agreement (insofar as the relevant modification 
to the Agency Agreement relates to CSD Notes) which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any modification to the Conditions is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator 
(if such permission is then required by the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations, as applicable). 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes, or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between any of the parties thereto or between the Issuer and any 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes), each Noteholder by its purchase of the Notes will be deemed to 
acknowledge, accept, and agree, that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the

--- Page 149 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
149 
 
exercise of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:  
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in 
any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the 
Notes into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities 
or obligations, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity date of the Notes or the amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest 
become payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In the Conditions the following expressions shall have the following meaning: 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes pursuant to Condition 7. 
References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which 
have not been paid, prior to the exercise of any applicable Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers mean any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related powers existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with (i) any statutory regime implemented or directly effective in Iceland which 
provides any Relevant Resolution Authority with the powers to implement loss absorption 
measures in respect of capital instruments (such as the Notes), including, but not limited to any 
regime which is implemented pursuant to, or which otherwise contains provisions analogous 
to, the BRRD and (ii) the instruments, rules and standards created under any such regime, 
pursuant to which any obligation of the Issuer can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period). 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will provide written notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers for the purpose of notifying Noteholders of such occurrence. The 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer

--- Page 150 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
150 
 
Notes or Coupons), the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) or the CSD Account 
Manager (in the case of CSD Notes) and the Paying Agents for information purposes. Any 
failure or delay by the Issuer in giving any such notice to or otherwise to so notify the 
Noteholders will not in any way impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise, invalidate, any 
such exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Notes or give Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure or delay. 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the principal or any other redemption 
amount of, or any interest on, the Notes or any other outstanding amounts due under or in 
respect of the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person, as a result of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an 
event of default or constitute the occurrence of any event related to the insolvency of the Issuer 
or entitle Noteholders to take any action to cause the Issuer to be declared bankrupt or for the 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, except for CSD Notes and (in the case of Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes) Condition 3 which shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Icelandic law. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than CSD Notes) and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a 
Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation 
to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the District Court of Reykjavik has exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any Dispute arising out of or in connection with the CSD Notes, and accordingly each 
of the Issuer and any holders of the CSD Notes in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court of Reykjavik. Legal action taken in respect of the 
CSD Notes under this Condition 18.2(a) may be proceeded with in accordance with the Act on 
Civil Procedure No. 91/1991, chapter 17. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
This Condition 18.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only.  To 
the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 151 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
151 
 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Kvika Securities Ltd. as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and undertakes that, in the event of Kvika 
Securities Ltd. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer 
agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes and the 
Coupons any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any 
similar defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the 
issue of any process, including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution 
against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or 
judgment made or given in connection with any Dispute. 
18.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above.

--- Page 152 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
152 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of 
(b) below) from each issue of Notes will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be: 
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Green Financing Instruments, used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Green Funding Framework dated 
February 
2024 
(as 
amended 
or 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
(https://kvika.is/en/fjarfestaupplysingar/?category=funding&subCategory=3); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
Green Financing Instruments 
In respect of (b) above, the Green Funding Framework describes the Eligible Assets to which an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of Green Financing Instruments will be used as described below. 
The Green Funding Framework is based on the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles from 2021. 
• 
Use of Proceeds; 
• 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection; 
• 
Management of Proceeds; 
• 
Reporting; and 
• 
External Review. 
The Green Funding Framework is published and available on the Issuer’s website. 
Use of proceeds 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, the Green Funding Framework provides that the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal 
to the net proceeds of the Green Funding Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, an 
array of new and/or existing green projects (as described in the section headed “Use of Proceeds” of the 
Issuer’s Green Funding Framework (the Eligible Assets)). Eligible Assets are expected to include loans 
in the following categories:  
• 
Clean transportation: e.g. loans to finance or refinance low carbon vehicles and equipment 
and/or low carbon transportation infrastructure;  
• 
Green buildings: e.g. mortgages for energy efficient residential buildings in Iceland as well as 
loans to energy efficient commercial properties; 
• 
Renewable energy: e.g. loans to finance or refinance production and development of products 
and related infrastructure and technologies from renewable energy generation sources (hydro 
power, wind, solar, geothermal, bioenergy);

--- Page 153 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
153 
 
• 
Circular economy adapted products, production technologies and processes: e.g. financing or 
refinancing of projects aiming to promote resource efficiency and the transition towards a 
circular economy; and 
• 
Biodiversity conservation: e.g. financing or refinancing of projects aiming to protect, maintain, 
restore or enhance biodiversity (terrestrial and aquatic) and sustainably manage living natural 
resources which benefit biodiversity. 
The Green Funding Framework provides that designation of Eligible Assets has been and will be on a 
best efforts basis, have regard to categories of environmental activities that are included in the EU 
Taxonomy, and that the eligibility criteria has been designed and will be designed, on a best efforts 
basis, to comply with the technical screening criteria set out in the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated 
Act as in effect at the date of the Green Funding Framework provided, in each case, that there are 
feasible and practical Eligible Assets meeting these requirements in the regions in which the Issuer’s 
assets are located as a matter of local regulation. 
The look-back period for Green Financing Instruments that refinance operational expenditures is limited 
to three years from the date of issue of the relevant Green Financing Instruments. The distribution of 
allocated Green Financing Instruments by category as well as “financing versus refinancing” will be 
published by the Issuer in the annual Allocation and Impact Report. 
In addition to loans for specific eligible projects or assets, the Green Funding Framework also provides 
that loans for general corporate purposes to “pure-play” green companies can be funded with amounts 
equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Green Financing Instruments. The Green 
Funding Framework describes a “pure-play” company as a company deriving more than 90 per cent. of 
its revenue from activities that fall within the Eligible Asset categories outlined above. 
The Issuer has relied on the support of external advisors Creditinfo hf. and Swedbank AB to define the 
associated eligibility criteria which are further described in the Issuer’s Green Funding Framework. 
Exclusionary criteria 
The Green Funding Framework provides that amounts equal to the net proceeds of any Green Financing 
Instruments will not be used to knowingly finance or refinance, in whole or in part, loans that relate to 
the following activities: fossil fuel-related energy generation and related infrastructure, nuclear energy 
generation, environmentally negative resource extraction (such as rare-earth elements or fossil fuels), 
deforestation and degradation of forests, weapons, gambling, tobacco and adult entertainment. 
Process for evaluation and selection 
The Issuer’s Sustainability Committee is responsible for evaluating and selecting Eligible Assets for 
which the proceeds from Green Financing Instruments can be allocated, in line with the Green Funding 
Framework’s eligibility criteria. The Sustainability Committee will validate the portfolio of Eligible 
Assets on at least a semi-annual basis and may delegate authority to the Issuer’s Credit Committee or 
dedicated specialists for the review of selected assets and projects. 
The Sustainability Committee will ensure that Green Financing Instruments adhere to applicable laws 
and regulations as well as the Issuer’s Sustainability Policy. The Sustainability Committee will also 
ensure that environmental and social risks potentially associated with such Green Financing Instruments 
are properly mitigated and monitored. 
The Green Funding Framework underscores that all loans, including Green Financing Instruments, will 
undergo the Issuer’s robust standard credit process which is designed to ensure compliance with 
applicable domestic and international rules and regulations, “Know Your Customer” processes and the

--- Page 154 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
154 
 
Issuer’s internal policies and guidelines, including those related to credit, anti-money laundering, 
counter-terrorist financing and sanctions. The Green Funding Framework provides that only loans 
approved in the regular credit process can be eligible for green funding. 
The Sustainability Committee monitors Green Financing Instruments on an ongoing basis. Green 
Financing Instruments are recorded in a register (the Green Register). The Issuer’s Risk Department 
will, on behalf of the Sustainability Committee, maintain the Green Register. The Green Register is 
monitored on a regular basis during the term of the Green Financing Instruments to ensure that sufficient 
amounts are allocated to Eligible Assets. If the Sustainability Committee identifies loans which do not 
qualify (or continue to qualify) under the Green Funding Framework, the Sustainability Committee has 
the authority to remove such loans from the Green Register. 
Management of proceeds 
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of Green Financing 
Instruments under the Programme to a portfolio of loans that meet the use of proceeds eligibility criteria 
and in accordance with the evaluation and selection process presented above and in the Green Funding 
Framework (the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio).  
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio 
that matches or exceeds the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds from its outstanding Green 
Financing Instruments. Eligible Green Loans will be added to or removed from the Issuer’s Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio to the extent required.  
While any Green Financing Instrument amount equal to the net proceeds remain unallocated, the Issuer 
will hold and/or invest in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid 
instruments, the balance of an amount equal to the net proceeds not yet allocated to the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio. 
None of the Dealers, the Arranger, any of their respective affiliates or any other person mentioned 
in this Base Prospectus makes any representation as to the suitability of such Green Financing 
Instruments to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by any prospective 
investors. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or any of their respective affiliates shall be 
responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Assets, (ii) any verification of whether the 
Eligible Assets falls within an investor’s requirements or expectations of a “green” or 
“sustainable” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of 
proceeds in respect of any Green Financing Instruments. 
Reporting 
To enable investors and other stakeholders to follow the development of the Eligible Green Loans 
funded by Green Financing Instruments, an Allocation and Impact Report will be made available on the 
Issuer’s website. The Allocation and Impact Report will be published annually until full allocation, and 
in the event of any material developments, as long as there are Green Financing Instruments 
outstanding.  
External review – second party opinion 
The Issuer also applies the recommendation to use the services of an independent external second 
opinion provider (the Second Party Opinion). A Second Party Opinion has been obtained on the Green 
Funding Framework from the Second Party Opinion provider Sustainalytics, assessing the sustainability 
of the Green Funding Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles from 2021. 
It 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://kvika.is/en/fjarfestaupplysingar/?category=funding&subCategory=3. Any amendment to such

--- Page 155 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
155 
 
Second Party Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion (to be provided following an amendment to 
the Green Funding Framework, the publication of a new Green Funding Framework or in application 
of any new legislation or regulation) will be made available on the Issuer’s website.  
External review – verification 
Allocation of proceeds will be subject to an annual review by an independent party until full allocation 
and in the event of any material developments. The Limited Assurance report provided by the 
independent party will be published on the Issuer’s website. 
Neither the Green Funding Framework, nor any of the above reports, verification assessments or 
contents of any of the above websites are, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in or form 
part of this Base Prospectus. The information on the above websites has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority. 
Updates 
The Green Funding Framework may in future be updated to harmonise with the market and/or 
developments within the Issuer. Any such future changes will however not apply to Green Financing 
Instruments issued under earlier versions of the Green Funding Framework. 
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
https://kvika.is/en/fjarfestaupplysingar/?category=funding&subCategory=3, does not form a 
part of the Base Prospectus, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement 
hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 156 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
156 
 
ICELAND AND FINANCIAL MARKETS 
Iceland 
Iceland is an island, located in the North Atlantic next to Norway, Scotland and Greenland. It is the 
second largest island in Europe and the third largest in the Atlantic Ocean, with a land area of 
approximately 103,000 square kilometres, and is the most sparsely populated country in Europe.  
Iceland’s capital and largest city is Reykjavík which, along with the surrounding municipalities in the 
southwest of the country, is home to nearly two-thirds of Iceland’s 398,97516 person population. The 
official language of Iceland is Icelandic. 
Iceland is a constitutional republic with a multi-party parliamentary system of government. Legislative 
power is vested in the parliament and executive power is vested in a cabinet headed by a prime minister. 
The president is the head of state and is elected for a term of four years by a direct vote of the electorate. 
Over the past thirty years, the participation of women in politics has increased significantly, and their 
share of seats in Parliament has increased from 15 per cent.  to roughly 47 per cent.  in the most recent 
parliamentary elections. Iceland is a member of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank and the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). It is also a party to a number of other multinational 
organisations, including the Nordic Council and the Council of Europe. Iceland joined the European 
Free Trade Association (EFTA) in 1970 and is a member of the EEA, which is a 26-nation free-trade 
zone of the EU and the EFTA countries. Iceland is also a contracting party to the General Agreement 
on Tariffs and Trade and ratified the agreement establishing the World Trade Organisation (WTO) in 
December 1994. 
Iceland has a market economy with relatively low taxes, compared to other OECD countries, as well as 
the highest trade union membership in the world. It maintains a Nordic social welfare system that 
guarantees its citizens universal health, education, and a high degree of social security. The standard of 
education is high, and public education is compulsory between the ages of 6 and 16. Good command of 
English and the Scandinavian languages is widespread. Education is offered free of charge or for a 
nominal fee at three levels. Iceland ranks first on the Global Peace Index and runs almost completely 
on renewable energy. 
The Economy 
The Icelandic economy is an open and developed economy, often grouped with neighbouring 
Scandinavia due to its free market economy combined with a welfare state. In the first half of the 
twentieth century, Iceland was one of the least affluent countries in Western Europe but has seen 
tremendous growth over the decades and has consistently ranked among nations with the highest 
standard of living in the world. This success can be traced to attributes such as a strong institutional 
framework, skilled workforce, high degree of economic freedom and a sound democracy. 
The Icelandic economy is the smallest within the OECD, mainly reflecting the country’s small 
population. Small, open economies tend to be more volatile than larger economies, due to a lack of 
diversification, and historically this has been the case for Iceland, which has experienced more 
pronounced business cycles than many other developed economies. The years surrounding the 2008 
financial crisis were no exception. Economic growth was unparalleled among high income countries in 
the four years leading up to the crisis, at 6.5 per cent. per annum. Conversely, the Icelandic economy 
suffered a contraction of over 10 per cent. in the two years following the onset of the financial crisis.  
Iceland differs in its composition from the Euro area, its largest trading partner. The Icelandic public 
sector is larger, highlighting high government spending in Iceland. There is also more construction and 
 
16 As of 1 January 2024.

--- Page 157 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
157 
 
urbanisation, largely due to increasing population growth. However, industry and various services are 
relatively smaller in Iceland. Since 2010, the tourism sector grew rapidly, from constituting 3.7 per cent. 
of GDP in 2011, to accounting for 8 per cent. of GDP in 2019. Tourism accounted for an estimated 7.8 
per cent. of GDP in 2022.   
The Icelandic labour market is highly unionised with collective bargaining agreements covering roughly 
90 per cent. of the workforce, which is one of the highest ratios globally. That, along with strong 
economic growth, has led to a substantial increase in wages in recent years. The labour market has 
improved significantly in the last two years as unemployment has decreased at the same time as the 
working-age population has increased. In December 2023 the unemployment rate was 3.6 per cent. The 
unemployment rate is projected to average 3.5 per cent. in 2024 and 4.0 per cent. next year.  
Iceland had a GDP of ISK 3,766 billion in 2022, which saw a 6.4 per cent. increase from 2021. 
According to the CBI’s macroeconomic forecast, GDP growth is projected to measure 3.5 per cent. in 
2023. The outlook for 2024 projects 2.6 per cent. growth.  
The CBI operates an inflation targeting policy with a 2.5 per cent. inflation target. During the COVID-
19 crisis, the CBI’s policy rate reached a historical low of 0.75 per cent. Inflation, however, has 
remained sticky and measured at 7.7 per cent. in December 2023, which has forced the CBI to hike 
rates multiple times, standing at 9.25 per cent. at year end 2023. The main drivers of rising inflation 
during 2022-2023 are related to increasing domestic demand. According to the CBI’s forecast in 
November 2023, inflation is expected to begin to ease gradually, measuring about 5.6 per cent. in Q4 
2024.  
Residential housing prices have risen due to increased demand, particularly for single-family homes in 
the capital region. Those increases are expected to slow down over the next months; however, demand 
is expected to outperform supply in the coming years, as evidence shows that more construction is 
needed in the coming years, putting additional pressure on prices. 
The key challenges for Iceland going forward, aside from containing inflation, will be increasing the 
diversification of its economy, specifically exports, and improve productivity in the domestic sector, 
which is low compared to neighbouring economies. The current government has placed an emphasis on 
infrastructure spending to meet demand by increasing tourism, strengthening the education system and 
innovating to make the economy better equipped to meet challenges in the coming years. 
The Financial System 
The Icelandic financial system is governed by the CBI, an independent institution, operating under the 
Prime Minister and owned by the State. The main objective of the CBI is to promote price and financial 
stability, along with keeping financial activities secure. In 2001, the CBI converted from an exchange 
rate targeting policy to an inflation target policy, defined as a 12-month inflation rate, at 2.5 per cent., 
with a deviation band of 1.5 per cent.  
The Prime Minister appoints the Governor and three Deputy Governors for a term of five years. Deputy 
Governors manage matters relating to monetary policy, financial stability and financial supervision. 
Decisions on the application of the CBI’s monetary policy instruments are taken by the Monetary Policy 
Committee (MPC), which consists of five individuals, while the decisions on the application of the 
CBI’s financial stability policy instruments are taken by the Financial Stability Committee (FSN), 
consisting of seven individuals. Following a new bill on the CBI, it merged with the Financial 
Supervisory Authority in January 2020 and therefore financial supervision is now part of the CBI’s role. 
The Financial Supervision Committee makes decisions entrusted to the Financial Supervisory Authority 
by law or governmental directives.

--- Page 158 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
158 
 
At the end of June 2023, the total assets in the Icelandic financial system, defined as the banking system, 
pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds, investment and institutional funds, State loan funds, 
and other credit institutions, amounted to roughly 4 times Iceland’s GDP. Pension funds have the largest 
share, at around 44 per cent. of the assets of the credit system. 
The Icelandic pension fund system consists of pension funds for public employees, on the one hand, 
and a number of occupational pension funds, on the other. Membership of pension funds is mandatory, 
and all wage earners and employers pay contributions to the funds. By and large, it is a funded system, 
with about 90 per cent. of assets being held by coinsurance divisions, and about 10 per cent. (which 
consist of third-pillar pension savings) held in custody by pension funds. At the end of 2023, there were 
24 pension funds operating in Iceland. Since the financial crisis in 2008, pension fund assets have 
increased significantly, owing to improved returns, robust employment growth, and rising wages. 
Relative to GDP, Iceland’s pension funds are the second-largest in the OECD, second only to the 
Netherlands. The pension funds’ largest asset classes are marketable bonds and bills, and stocks and 
unit share certificates. Iceland’s pension funds also participate in lending activity within the financial 
system, granting mainly housing-related loans to fund members. 
The banking system is highly concentrated and mainly consists of three universal banks: Arion banki 
hf., Íslandsbanki hf. and Landsbankinn hf., all of which are defined as domestic systemically important 
banks and account for a majority of banking system assets. The Issuer and a few smaller savings banks 
and financial institutions are also in the banking system. Until recently, Arion banki hf. and the Issuer 
were the only banks which were owned by private investors and publicly listed. In June 2021, 
Íslandsbanki hf. joined them when the government sold 35 per cent. of its stake, which now amounts to 
42.5 per cent. following an additional sale in March 2022. This leaves Landsbankinn hf. as the only 
Icelandic bank which is not publicly listed.  
The structure of the financial system has changed in recent years as the Icelandic banking sector has 
seen increasing competition from less regulated financial institutions, that is, the shadow banking 
system. This includes, and is not limited to, pension funds (not as defined by the CBI), management 
companies of Undertakings for the Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) and other 
unregulated entities. For example, specialised fund vehicles are often able to offer better terms for loans 
and other unregulated entities are offering unsecured loans for the retail market in competition to 
overdraft facilities. Icelandic pension funds have expanded their share in the retail mortgage lending 
market, and with the recent increase in employer contributions, this trend is likely to continue.  
Source: Central Bank of Iceland, Statistics Iceland, Iceland Chamber of Commerce

--- Page 159 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
159 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
NAME, INCORPORATION AND REGISTRATION 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Kvika banki hf. The Issuer is a public limited company 
incorporated in Iceland on 7 May 2002. It is registered with the Register of Enterprises in Iceland and 
bears the registration number 540502-2930. The registered office of the Issuer is at Katrínartún 2, 105 
Reykjavík, Iceland, and its telephone number is +354 540 3200. The Issuer’s homepage is: 
www.kvika.is. Information on the website is not part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s purpose is to provide financial services and its operations in Iceland are subject to the 
provisions of the Act on Public Limited Companies No. 2/1995 and the Act on Financial Undertakings. 
The Issuer is authorised to engage in operations and carry out financial undertakings in accordance with 
the law and in accordance with the Issuer’s operating license. The Issuer is authorised to achieve its 
objectives through the establishment and operation of subsidiaries, as well as other participation and 
ownership of companies which are compatible to its operations. The Issuer’s domestic activities are 
under the supervision of the FSA. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
The Issuer traces its roots back to 1999 when MP Verðbréf hf. was established. MP Verðbréf hf. was 
granted an investment banking license in Iceland in 2003 and a commercial banking license in Iceland. 
Following a period of investment banking consolidation, the entity was renamed Kvika banki hf. in 
2015. 
In the period of 2017-2020, the Issuer led a consolidation of asset management operations through the 
acquisition of Virðing hf., Alda sjóðir hf. and GAMMA Capital Management hf. (GAMMA). The 
consolidation concluded with a merger of the acquired entities with the Issuer’s own asset management 
and private banking operations, together forming the new entity Kvika Asset Management which then 
became one of the largest asset and fund management companies in Iceland.  
In 2021, the Issuer, TM hf. and Lykill fjármögnun hf. (Lykill) merged under the name, legal 
identification number and registration number of the Issuer. As a result of the merger, the Issuer’s 
balance sheet expanded significantly, with the Issuer taking over Lykill’s vehicle financing operations 
and acquiring the subsidiaries of TM hf., including TM Insurance which continues to operate as an 
insurance company post-merger.  
In February 2022, the Group acquired a majority shareholding in Ortus Secured Finance Ltd (Ortus), 
a British alternative credit provider specialising in property backed lending to borrowers in the United 
Kingdom. The transaction is a good strategic fit and allows for significant diversification of the Group´s 
loan portfolio, as well as opportunities to generate synergies in terms of improved funding costs. 
In May 2022, the Issuer was for the first time assigned foreign and local currency bank deposit ratings 
of Baa2/P-2, and long-term foreign and local currency issuer ratings of Baa2 by Moody’s. 
Recent developments 
In October 2023, the Issuer announced its plans to divest its insurance operations though a sale and/or 
listing process with expected completion in Q2 or Q3 2024. The proceeds are expected to be partially 
paid to shareholders and partially used for loan book growth. Following divestment, Kvika will focus 
on banking-only activities through remaining business segments, deploying its increased banking 
capital towards increased lending to both corporates and retail clients, e.g. through a new offering of 
mortgages.

--- Page 160 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
160 
 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The Issuer, which is an Icelandic bank headquartered in Iceland, is categorised by the FSA as a financial 
conglomerate. Its primary market is Iceland, however, the Issuer has also established operations in the 
United Kingdom.  
The Issuer is a specialised bank, with a license to operate as a commercial bank under the Act on 
Financial Undertakings, focused on offering specific groups and clients exceptional, tailor-made 
financial services. Further, the Issuer offers a wide range of financial and insurance services through 
key subsidiaries such as Kvika Asset Management and TM Insurance. The Issuer places emphasis on 
developing long-term partnerships with its customers through responsive and versatile services and 
believes that the Group’s size enables it to adapt to its environment with the aim of maintaining 
profitability and customer service. The Issuer is listed on the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Iceland and 
as at 31 December 2023, the Group employs 362 full-time employees.  
The Issuer’s business lines are Insurance, Asset Management, Commercial Banking, Corporate Banking 
and Capital Markets and UK.   
Organisational structure 
The Issuer's organisational chart can be seen below and includes two main business segments, 
Commercial Banking and Corporate Banking and Capital Markets. However, the Group in total 
comprises five reportable segments. The remaining three segments are operated through subsidiaries 
Kvika UK, TM Insurance and Kvika Asset Management, as shown below. 
 
Accounting 
FP&A 
Collection 
Treasury 
Human Resources 
Market Making 
Commercial 
Banking  
Sigurður  
Viðarsson
3 
Corporate Banking 
& Capital Markets 
Bjarni Prastarson 
Insurance  
Birkir 
Jóhannsson 
Asset 
Management 
Hannes Hrólfsson 
UK 
Richard 
Beenstock 
Internal Audit 
Ásta Leonhardsdóttir 
Deputy CEO 
Sigurður Viðarsson 
Board of directors 
CEO 
Ármann Porvaldsson 
Compliance 
Kristján Valdimarsson 
Legal 
Lilja Jensen 
Finance 
Eirikur Jensson 
Operations and Development 
Anna Ágústsdóttir 
Risk Management 
Elisabet Björnsdóttir 
Operations
Marketing
Project Management
 IT
 Sustainability
Reports to CEO 
Separate entity 
MDs 
TM Insurance, Kvika Asset Management and Kvika Securities Ltd. 
outsource various financial and operational tasks to Kvika through 
outsourcing agreements

--- Page 161 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
161 
 
Organisational Structure 
 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group and owns several subsidiaries. The main 
subsidiaries held directly or indirectly by the Group are listed in the table below: 
 
Entity  
Nature of operations  
Domicile  
Ownership 
as at 31 
December 
2023 
Ownership 
as at 31 
December 
2022 
FÍ Fasteignafélag GP ehf. 
Real estate fund management 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
GAMMA Capital Management hf. 
Fund management 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
Kvika eignastýring hf. 
Fund management 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
Rafklettur ehf.17 
Holding company 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
Skilum ehf. 
Debt collection 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
Straumur greiðslumiðlun hf. 
Payment facilitator 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
TM líftryggingar hf. 18 
Insurance operations 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
TM tryggingar hf. 19 
Insurance operations 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
AC GP 3 ehf.  
Fund management 
Iceland 
85 per cent. 
80 per cent. 
Kvika Securities Ltd. 
Business consultancy services 
UK 
100 per 
cent. 
100 per 
cent. 
Ortus Secured Finance ltd. 
Lending operations 
UK 
78 per cent. 
78 per cent. 
The following subsidiaries have been classified by the Issuer as significant subsidiaries. Although their 
financial contributions to the Issuer vary, any reputational or other difficulties in their operations can 
also negatively affect the Issuer. The Issuer is therefore partially dependent on the successful operations 
of these subsidiaries. 
 
17 At 31 December 2023, TM tryggingar hf., Rafklettur ehf. and TM líftryggingar were classified as a disposal group held for sale in accordance with 
IFRS 5. 
18 At 31 December 2023, TM tryggingar hf., Rafklettur ehf. And TM líftryggingar were classified as a disposal group held for sale in accordance 
with IFRS 5. 
19 At 31 December 2023, TM tryggingar hf., Rafklettur ehf. and TM líftryggingar were classified as a disposal group held for sale in accordance with 
IFRS 5. 
 
 
Commercial  
Banking 
 
 
Corporate Banking and
Capital Markets 
 
 
Asset Management: 
Kvika eignastýring hf. 
 
 
Asset management / 
Regulated in Iceland 
 
 
Insurance: TM 
tryggingar hf. 
 
 
Insurance / Regulated in 
Iceland 
 
 
UK: Kvika 
Securities Ltd. 
 
 
Financial Services / 
Regulated in the UK 
Kvika banki hf. 
Bank / Regulated in Iceland

--- Page 162 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
162 
 
Kvika Securities ltd. 
Kvika UK is a UK subsidiary. The subsidiary is regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and is 
authorised to manage alternative investment funds and provide asset management and corporate finance 
services. Kvika Advisory Ltd. is a subsidiary of Kvika UK, regulated in the United Kingdom by the 
FCA and is authorised to provide corporate finance services. Ortus Secured Finance Ltd., a non-
regulated alternative credit provider specialising in property backed lending to UK based customers, is 
majority owned by Kvika UK. 
Kvika eignastýring hf. 
Kvika Asset Management, is an asset and fund management company. Kvika Asset Management is a 
UCITS management company, licensed under the Act on Financial Undertakings and the Act on UCITS 
and holds a license to operate as manager of alternative investment funds in accordance with the 
provisions of Act No. 45/2020, on Alternative Investment Fund Managers. Additionally, Kvika Asset 
Management has an operating license under Act No. 161/2002, on Financial Undertakings, which also 
covers asset management, investment advice, custody and administration of unit shares of funds for 
collective investment, as well as the receipt and brokering of orders regarding financial instruments.  
TM tryggingar hf. 
Subsidiary TM Insurance is an Icelandic insurance company that offers comprehensive insurance 
services in Iceland, as well as offering limited insurance services abroad in the field of marine and 
property insurance. TM Insurance operates according to Act No. 100/2016 on Insurance services. The 
company operates in accordance with Act no. 100/2016 on insurance activities and is licensed in the 
European Economic Area and in the Faroe Islands.  
Principal Activities 
The Issuer defines five operating segments in its business, based on the same principles and structure 
as internal reporting to executive management and the Board, which comprise the Issuer’s principal 
activities as performed by the Issuer or its subsidiaries. 
Insurance 
The Issuer’s insurance operations are operated through its subsidiary, TM Insurance, which has a rich 
history and over 60 years of experience. TM Insurance offers a universal and highly diversified product 
offering to commercial and private customers and its main insurance categories include Motor, 
Property, Marine, Liability, Accident and Life insurance. TM Insurance operates 9 branches throughout 
Iceland, including its headquarters in Reykjavík. Kvika is currently in the process of divesting TM 
Insurance with expected completion in Q2 or Q3 2024.  
Asset Management 
The Issuer’s asset management operations are mainly undertaken by its subsidiary, Kvika Asset 
Management. The segment offers the following services to clients: 
Fund Management – Kvika Asset Management manages a broad range of funds including equity funds, 
bond funds and mixed funds, which are open for general investors. Furthermore, it offers various 
alternative investment funds for professional investors.       
Private Banking – Private banking provides comprehensive financial and wealth management services 
to individuals and medium-sized companies. Within private banking, customers can choose between

--- Page 163 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
163 
 
active management or investment advice, depending on their willingness to engage actively in 
investment decisions. 
Institutional Investors – Kvika Asset Management offers comprehensive asset management and 
portfolio management services for institutional investors.  
Private Equity – Kvika Asset Management is one of the most experienced managers of private equity 
funds in Iceland, having launched the first fund in February 2008. KES currently manages four equity 
funds, Auður I slf., Edda slhf., Freyja slhf. and Iðunn framtakssjóður slhf. 
Commercial Banking 
Commercial Banking can be divided into three main areas of operations: banking services, deposit and 
fintech operations, and vehicle and equipment lending under the brand Lykill.  
Banking services – Commercial Banking offers a range of private banking services to companies, high 
net worth individuals and other market participants. The unit supports all business units with onboarding 
new customers, servicing existing customers with the relevant banking service or connecting customers 
to the suitable units or specialist within the Issuer.  
Deposit and fintech operations – The Issuer accepts deposits and offers competitive interest rates, 
mainly through the online deposit platform Auður. Auður offers competitive deposit rates by 
automating processes and offering limited services. As Auður’s online platform is based on self-service, 
no contact with staff or physical offices is required. Similarly, the Issuer operates the online platform 
Framtíðin, which offers bridge and second lien mortgages to individual home buyers, as well as the 
“buy now-pay later” service Netgíró, and mobile payment platform Aur.  
Lykill – Commercial Banking offers lease contracts and loans to individuals and companies to finance 
cars, heavy machinery and other equipment through its brand Lykill. Main products are car loans, hire 
purchase agreements and operating lease agreements.  
Corporate Banking and Capital Markets 
A segment announced in December 2022, Corporate Banking and Capital Markets, consists of the 
Issuer’s investment banking operations in addition to corporate loans which were previously operated 
within the Commercial Banking segment. Corporate Banking and Capital Markets therefore consists of 
three main areas of operation: Capital Markets, Corporate Finance and Corporate Lending. 
Additionally, Proprietary Trading and Treasury are also included with investment banking for reporting 
purposes despite reporting to the CFO.   
Capital Markets – Capital Markets offers full-service brokerage in the Icelandic equity, fixed income 
and foreign exchange markets. Capital Markets offers professional advice and personal service designed 
to meet the needs of both retail and institutional customers, and seeks to deliver leading market insight 
and execution. Capital Markets trades in equity and fixed income in all products, securities, ETFs, 
swaps, options and other derivatives, equities, bonds and currency on all principal international markets.  
Corporate Finance – Corporate Finance offers a wide range of value-adding investment banking 
services focused on acquisitions, divestments and mergers, valuation and transaction structuring, 
refinancing and restructuring, advisory, debt and capital raises, listings equities and initial public 
offerings, as well as various other balance sheet related advisory services, such as strategic reviews of 
securities and businesses.

--- Page 164 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
164 
 
Corporate Lending – Corporate Lending offers bespoke financing solutions, including project 
financing, portfolio financing, bridge lending and mezzanine lending. Emphasis is placed on short-term 
financing, where the maturity of loans generally do not exceed 24 months. 
Proprietary Trading and Treasury – Treasury manages the Issuer’s day to day liquidity while 
Proprietary Trading offers market making activities for local issuers of shares and fixed income 
instruments.  
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Compliance with Corporate Governance  
The Issuer is obliged to observe recognised guidelines on Corporate Governance under Article 54 of 
the Act on Financial Undertakings no. 161/2002. The Issuer complies with chapter VII of Act No. 
161/2002 on Financial Undertakings, and in most respects with the Guidelines on Corporate 
Governance, 6th edition, published in February 2021 by the Chamber of Commerce, Nasdaq Iceland 
and the SA Confederation of Icelandic Enterprise. 
The Issuer’s only deviation from those guidelines has been that it has not appointed a nomination 
committee nor decided how one should be appointed. There is currently no specific nomination 
procedure in place for board members. However, at the annual general meeting on 21 March 2024, the 
Board intends to propose to shareholders the appointment and role of a nomination committee and for 
the Issuer’s articles of association to be updated accordingly.  
Furthermore, the Issuer’s activities comply with the recognised standards and rules of the European 
Banking Authority (the EBA), including guidelines on internal governance (EBA/GL/2021/05), cf. 
Article 15 of regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council No. 1093/2010, which was 
incorporated into Icelandic law with act no. 24/2017 a European Financial Supervisory System. The 
guidelines can be found on FME’s website www.fme.is and on EBA’s website.    
In 2018, the Issuer completed a corporate governance assessment process, resulting in an award from 
the Centre for Corporate Governance in Iceland for exemplary corporate governance in 2018 to 2019 
and has received the award each year since. The award is valid for three years as long as there are no 
material changes in ownership or the Board of the Issuer. The Board intends to have such an assessment 
carried out on a regular basis and maintain the award.  
A statement on the Issuer’s corporate governance practices is reviewed and agreed upon annually by 
the Board and is accessible on the Issuer’s website. 
Internal control, risk management and accounting 
The Board is responsible for ensuring that an active system of internal control is in place within the 
Issuer, which is based on three lines of defence. The first line of defence consists of the management 
and the employees of business and supporting units in charge of the Issuer’s daily management and 
organization. The main responsibility of the first line of defence is to ensure the functionality and 
implementation of internal control measures in daily operations. The second line of defence is 
comprised of the internal control units of the Issuer, principally the Compliance Officer and Risk 
Management. The Compliance Officer is responsible for the training of employees and the Board, 
monitors and regularly assesses compliance with relevant legislation, monitors compliance risk, as well 
as consulting on implementation of laws and regulations in the Issuer’s operations. Risk Management, 
among other things, measures and assesses risk according to the Issuer’s criteria and carries out regular 
reporting to supervisory entities. Other units may also be assigned a supervisory role in the second line 
of defence, in line with the Issuer’s policy on internal control. The third line of defence is the internal 
auditor, operating independently from other units within the Issuer’s organization and directly under

--- Page 165 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
165 
 
the control of the Board, according to a formal statement of duties and job description of the internal 
audit function. The internal audit function assesses the effectiveness of risk management, control 
methods and internal governance in an independent and objective manner and in accordance with 
internal auditing standards. Among other things, the function prepares independent audits, verifications, 
and advice to the Board and the Audit Committee of the Issuer. 
The implementation and functioning of internal control is the responsibility of the management of the 
Issuer. Internal control is based on risk assessments and control measures intended to reduce risk factors 
in the operations of the Issuer. Internal control includes documented and formal procedures which the 
Issuer’s employees follow in their daily work, and which are examined by the control units.  
The Board determines the risk policy and risk appetite of the Group with internal rules on risk 
management of the Group, which define risk factors in the Group’s operations, including their nature 
and acceptable volume.  
The Board hires an Internal Auditor, signs their formal statement of duties and annually approves the 
internal audit plan. The CEO appoints the Compliance Officer and the Board confirms the appointment. 
The CEO appoints the Managing Director of the Risk Management function. The reports and findings 
of the internal control functions are presented directly to the Board. 
The Board has established rules on risk management of the Group which are rules on risk and apply to 
the Group in whole. The purpose of the rules is to harmonize risk management within the Group to 
ensure it is systematic and effective and to enhance transparency within the Group’s risk taking at all 
levels of management, from the Board to boards of subsidiaries, the operating units and individuals who 
directly participate in daily management and decision-making regarding risk. The rules on risk of the 
Group stipulate that the Issuer and its subsidiaries shall establish a risk policy. The risk policy of the 
Issuer and each subsidiary shall implement what is stated in the rules on risk and further define risk-
taking within the Issuer and each subsidiary. The Board has established a risk policy for the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s Finance division prepares annual financial statements in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the EU, and additional requirements, as applicable, in the Act on Annual Accounts no. 3/2006, the 
Act on Financial Undertakings no. 161/2002 and rules on accounting for credit institutions no. 
834/2003. The annual financial statements are audited by the Issuer’s external auditors, Deloitte.  
The CEO reports to the Board and verifies the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management 
in the consolidated financial statements. Internal controls and risk management applied in the 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements are organised with a view to preventing any 
significant deficiencies in the accounting process.  
The Board and control units regularly verify the effectiveness of internal controls and risk management. 
The Board of Directors 
The Board consists of five main members and two alternate members, who are elected annually, at the 
Annual General Meeting. The Board members’ election term lasts until the next Annual General 
Meeting. The eligibility of members of the Board is subject to statutory law. In accordance with the 
Issuer’s Equality Policy, when electing the Board, care is taken to ensure there is at least 40 per cent.  
representation of each gender among main Board members and alternate members.  
The Board constitutes the supreme authority in the affairs of the Issuer between shareholders’ meetings. 
The main duties of the Board are supervising the operations of the Issuer and ensuring that they are 
continually in good order. The Board also ensures that the Issuer’s financial matters, including the 
financial reporting practices, are diligently supervised. The Board makes operational plans according

--- Page 166 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
166 
 
to the Issuer’s purpose as set out in its articles of association and form policies to achieve set goals. The 
Board hires the CEO of the Issuer and supervises their work.  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Board consists of the following members:  
Sigurður Hannesson, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Sigurður Hannesson is the chairman of the Board. He was appointed to the Board in March 2020. He 
was born in 1980 and works as a Managing Director of SI – the Federation of Icelandic Industries. 
Sigurður graduated with a DPhil degree in Mathematics from the University of Oxford, and also 
graduated with a BS degree in Mathematics from the University of Iceland. Sigurður has completed a 
degree in securities brokerage. From 2013 to 2017, Sigurður worked as a Managing Director of the 
Issuer’s assets management division (previously known as MP banki). In 2015, he was the Vice-
Chairman of the Government Implementation Group on the release of capital controls and in 2013, he 
was the Chairman of the Icelandic government expert group on action for debted households 
(Leiðréttingin). From 2010 to 2013, Sigurður worked as the CEO of Júpíter Rekstrarfélag hf., now 
Kvika Asset Management, and in Capital Markets at Straumur Investment Bank from 2007 to 2010. 
Sigurður also sits on the boards of the Iceland Symphony Orchestra, Grænvangur (Green by Iceland), 
Reykjavík University, Auðna-Tæknitorg ehf., Akkur SI, SI 1 ehf., Sundaboginn slhf., Seapool ehf., 
BBL 39 ehf. and the Icelandic Cancer Society.  Sigurður owns shares in the Issuer through his 
shareholding in the private limited company, BBL 39 ehf.  Sigurður does not have interest links with 
major clients, competitors or big shareholders, as defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Guðmundur Þórðarson, Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Guðmundur Þórðarson is the deputy chairman of the Board. He was appointed to the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors in March 2017. Guðmundur was born in 1972. He graduated from the University of Iceland 
with a Cand. Oecon business degree in 1997. He has also completed a securities brokerage and asset 
management exam in the UK. Guðmundur’s main focus is on managing his own investments. From 
1997 to 2000, he worked in Asset Management at Landsbréf hf. From 2000 to 2003, he worked as a 
specialist in the development and corporate advisory division of Íslandsbanki hf. From 2003 to 2007, 
he worked as Managing Director of Corporate Finance at Straumur Investment Bank hf. Guðmundur 
also sits on the boards of Hedda eignarhaldsfélag ehf., Skel Investments ehf., Flóka Capital ehf and 
Attis ehf., as well as serving as an alternate on the board of Bílaleiga BTF ehf.  A financially connected 
party to Guðmundur holds shares in the Issuer through the private limited company Attis ehf. 
Guðmundur does not have interest links with major clients, competitors or big shareholders, as defined 
in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir, Board member 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir was appointed to the Board in April 2021. Helga Kristín is a doctor in law 
from Fordham University in New York. In her doctoral studies at Fordham University she researched 
corporate governance and hedge fund investments. Helga Kristín graduated with BS in Business Law 
from Bifröst University in 2004 and with a Master’s degree in law from the same university in 2006. 
She graduated with an LL.M degree in law from the University of Miami, with a focus on international 
business law and contracts in 2010. Helga Kristín is an assistant professor at the Department of Law at 
Reykjavík University. Before that, she worked as a director and assistant professor at Bifröst University, 
as a lawyer for Stoðir hf., as a lawyer for FGM/Auðkenni, now part of the Central Bank of Iceland and

--- Page 167 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
167 
 
as a lecturer at the faculty of law at the University of Miami. Helga Kristín has been a member of the 
board of directors of TM hf. from 2023 and in the years 2020-2021. She was also an appointed alternate 
on the board of directors of Tryggingamiðstöðin hf. in 2012-2015.  Helga Kristín does not own shares 
in the Issuer and does not have interest links with major clients, competitors or big shareholders as 
defined in the Corporate Governance guidelines. 
Guðjón Karl Reynisson, Board member 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Guðjón Karl Reynisson was appointed to the Board in March 2018. He was born in 1963 and works as 
an independent consultant, investor and board member. Between 2008 and 2017 he served as CEO of 
Hamleys of London. From 2003 to 2008, he served as managing director of the 10-11 stores. From 1998 
to 2003, he was the managing director of the sales division of Tal, an Icelandic phone company. He 
graduated with an MBA degree from the University of Iceland in 2002. He graduated with an Operations 
and Business degree from the Continuing Education Study of the University of Iceland in 1999 and also 
graduated with a degree as a licensed physical education teacher from the University of Iceland in 1986. 
Guðjón has been on the board of directors of Festi hf. since 2014, Securitas hf. from 2018 and of Dropp 
ehf. since 2020. Guðjón owns shares in the Issuer through his private limited company, Hakk ehf., but 
does not have interest links with major clients, competitors or big shareholders as defined in the 
Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Ingunn Svala Leifsdóttir, Board member 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Ingunn Svala Leifsdóttir was appointed to the Board in September 2021. Ingunn was born in 1976. She 
graduated with a BS degree in Business from the University of Iceland in 1999, with a focus on 
accounting and finance, and with a Cand. Oecon business degree from the same university in 2001, 
with a focus on accounting and management. Ingunn Svala completed the Advanced Management 
program from the IESE Business School in New York in 2018. Ingunn Svala currently works as a chief 
executive officer at Olis hf. Prior to that she worked as a COO for Dohop during the years 2015-2022 
and as an executive director of operations at Reykjavík University. Ingunn Svala has extensive 
experience of serving as a board member. She currently sits on the board of the logistics company 
Parlogis ehf. since 2014 and as a board member of Ósar – lifeline of health hf. since 2021. She has 
served as a board member of Slippurinn Akureyri ehf. from 2015 to 2023.  Ingunn Svala sat on the 
Audit Committee of VÍS in 2019 to 2021 and was a board member of Líftryggingafélags Íslands (Lífís) 
from 2017 to 2021. Ingunn Svala has also established and operated her own businesses in accounting 
and real estate. Ingunn Svala also has extensive experience in the financial sector. She worked for the 
Kaupthing´s Resolution Committee as Chief Financial Officer from 2009 to 2011, as well as working 
as a Global Business Controller in Investment Banking at Kaupþing bank in 2007 to 2009. Ingunn Svala 
also worked within the Actavis Group PTC consolidation in 2006 to 2007 as a CFO for four subsidiaries, 
namely Actavis hf., Medís ehf., Actavis Group hf. and Actavis Group PTC ehf. Ingunn Svala does not 
own shares in the Issuer and does not have interest links with major clients, competitors or big 
shareholders as defined in the Corporate Governance guidelines. 
Sigurgeir Guðlaugsson, Alternate Board member 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Sigurgeir Guðlaugsson was born in 1976. He is Chief Executive Officer of Icelandic biotechnical 
development company Genís hf., an investor and the Managing Director of Citalfort Consulting slf. He 
graduated with a BSc degree in International Trade from Copenhagen Business School in 1999. He 
worked in the corporate division of Fjárfestingarbanki atvinnulífsins (later Íslandsbanki hf.) from 1999

--- Page 168 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
168 
 
to 2003. Sigurgeir worked as the Global Head of M&A at Actavis Group from 2003 to 2006. He was 
the Managing Director of investments in the healthcare industry at Novator from 2006 to 2009. 
Sigurgeir founded the consulting company, Citalfort Consulting slf., in 2009 and worked there until 
becoming CEO of Genís on 1 January 2022, with the exception of during 2013, when he was a partner 
and an employee at H.F. Securities hf., and from 2014 to 2016, when he was Chief Executive Officer 
of the biotechnology company Zymetech ehf.. Sigurgeir was on the board of directors of Straumur 
Investment Bank hf., Actavis Group hf., Actavis Inc., Coripharma Holding hf., Enzymatica AB, 
FlyOver Iceland ehf., Scandinavian Biogas AB, U.M.F. Stjarnan and 3Z ehf. Currently, Sigurgeir sits 
as Chairman of the board of directors at Citalfort Consulting slf., as well as at the investment companies 
Altius ehf., Citius ehf. and Ögurás ehf. Sigurgeir does not have interest links with major clients, 
competitors or big shareholders, as defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Helga Jóhanna Oddsdóttir, Alternate Board Member 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Helga Jóhanna Oddsdóttir was born in 1973.  Helga Jóhanna is Chairman of the board and co-founder 
of Opus Futura ehf., board member of The Suðurnes Fire and protection operations BS., and an elected 
member of the Town Council at Reykjanesbær. Helga Jóhanna has been the managing director of the 
real estate company GMO ehf. since 2015 and the owner and CEO of Carpe Diem ehf., investments 
and consulting services since 2011.  Helga Jóhanna has served as an alternate board member of the 
Issuer since 2021, of Frjálsi Lífeyrissjóðurinn (pension fund) in 2020-2021, and of Samorka, the 
association of energy and utility companies in Iceland in 2020-2022. Helga Jóhanna graduated with a 
BSc. degree in Business Administration from the University of Iceland in 1998 and a MSc. degree in 
Business Administration in 2005 from the same school, with a focus on management and strategy. 
During 2020-2022, Helga Jóhanna was the COO and substitute CEO of HS Veitur and during 2015 to 
2020, she was an equity partner and CEO of Strategic Leadership in Iceland.  Helga Jóhanna was the 
COO of Opin Kerfi from 2008 to 2011, the Director of Human Resources at Reykjanesbær from 2003 
to 2008 and HR Manager of Landsbréf from 2001 to 2003. As a consultant Helga Jóhanna has worked 
with numerous organizations in Iceland and in Europe. She also completed a consultancy assignment 
for the European Union regarding a leadership development at the local government level in Cambodia 
in 2017. Helga Jóhanna sat on the Child Protection Committee at Reykjanesbær for eight years and on 
the Education Council for four years. She has also sat on the board of the basketball club, U.M.F. 
Stjarnan. Helga does not have interest links with major clients, competitors or big shareholders, as 
defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines.  
Sub-Committees of the Board of Directors 
According to the Issuer’s Articles of Association at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board shall 
appoint a Risk Committee, an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee for the Issuer, no later 
than one month after the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting. The Board shall appoint at least three 
individuals for membership of each committee, of which at least two must also be Board members. 
Appointing employees of the Issuer to any committee is not permitted Committee members must have 
the necessary experience and knowledge for each committee’s tasks, in accordance with applicable laws 
and rules. All sub-committees have incorporated procedural rules that must be confirmed and endorsed 
by the Board.  
Risk Committee  
The Risk Committee of the Issuer has a advisory and supervisory role for the Issuer’s Board, which 
includes developing the Issuer’s risk policy and risk appetite. The Risk Committee also monitors the 
organisation and effectiveness of risk management, management of credit risk, market risk, liquidity 
risk, operational risk, reputational risk and other risk, as applicable.

--- Page 169 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
169 
 
The purpose of the Risk Committee is to act in accordance with Icelandic law and rules of good 
corporate governance. The Risk Committee is appointed by the Board in accordance with article 78 of 
the Act on Financial Undertakings. The Board shall appoint at least three individuals for membership, 
of which at least two must also be Board members. The committee is composed of Guðmundur 
Þórðarson, who is the chairman of the committee, Sigurður Hannesson and Ingunn Svala Leifsdóttir.   
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee of the Issuer performs a advisory and supervisory role for the Issuer’s Board by, 
among other things, ensuring the quality of financial statements and other financial information from 
the Issuer and the independence of its auditors. The Audit Committee supervises accounting procedures 
and the effectiveness of internal controls as well as internal and external auditing. The purpose of the 
Audit Committee is to operate according to Icelandic law and rules of good corporate governance. The 
Audit Committee is appointed by the Board in accordance with chapter IX. A of the Act no. 3/2006 on 
Annual Accounts. The Board shall appoint at least three individuals for membership, of which at least 
two must also be Board members. The Audit Committee is composed of Ingunn Svala Leifsdóttir who 
is the chairman of the committee, Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir and Margrét G. Flóvenz. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee of the Issuer performs a advisory and supervisory role for the Issuer’s 
Board in connection with the Issuer’s remuneration and ensures they support the objectives and interests 
of the Issuer.  
The purpose of the Remuneration Committee is to operate in accordance with Icelandic law and rules 
of good corporate governance. The Remuneration Committee is appointed by the Board in accordance 
with the Guidelines on Corporate Governance, and Paragraph 7 Article 54 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings. The Board shall appoint at least three individuals for membership, of which at least two 
must also be Board members. The committee is composed of Guðjón Reynisson, who is the chairman 
of the committee, Sigurður Hannesson and Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir. 
Executive Management 
The Issuer’s executive management comprises the CEO, deputy CEO and seven managing directors. 
Further, on the basis of the Issuer’s classification as a financial conglomerate, the Group’s executive 
management additionally includes the CEOs of the subsidiaries, TM Insurance and Kvika Asset 
Management. 
Ármann Þorvaldsson, CEO 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Ármann Þorvaldsson joined the Issuer as CEO in August 2023. He was previously the CEO of the Issuer 
from June 2017 to May 2019 and Deputy CEO from May 2019 to December 2022. He has worked in 
the financial markets for over 25 years. From 1997 until 2005, he was Head of Corporate Finance at 
Kaupthing and, from 2005 to 2008, he was CEO of Kaupthing Singer & Friedlander in London. He then 
went on to work at Ortus Secured Finance in London until 2015 when he joined Virding. He was the 
head of Virding’s Corporate Finance division before joining the Issuer. Ármann has an MBA degree 
from Boston University and a BA degree in History from the University of Iceland.  
Sigurður Viðarsson, Deputy CEO 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland

--- Page 170 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
170 
 
Sigurður Viðarsson was appointed deputy CEO in December 2022. He was previously the CEO of TM 
Insurance since October 2007 and has significant experience in the insurance sector. Prior to joining 
TM Insurance, he was the deputy CEO and Director of Financial and Insurance Services at Vörður 
líftryggingar hf. Sigurður has a BSc degree in Business Administration from the University of Iceland.  
Eiríkur Jensson, CFO  
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Eiríkur Jensson was appointed CFO of the Issuer in December 2022. Prior to joining the Issuer, Eiríkur 
worked for Arion banki as Head of Treasury from 2019, Head of funding between 2010 and 2019, and 
in Arion's fund management subsidiary (Stefnir) between 2008 and 2010. Eiríkur worked for Kaupthing 
Bank in Group Treasury between 2005 and 2008 as funding manager and as Head of Funding, and for 
Kaupthing's asset management and research between 1998 and 2003. Eiríkur graduated as MBA from 
Rotterdam School of Management in 2005 and Csc in Mechanical and industrial engineering from the 
University of Iceland in 1998. Eiríkur is a certified securities broker.  
Anna Rut Ágústsdóttir, COO 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Anna Rut was appointed COO in April 2022 but has worked within the Group since 2007 in various 
positions. Her previous role was Head of Finance and Operations of Kvika Asset Management. Anna 
Rut holds a B.Sc. degree in Business Administration and a MCF degree in Corporate Finance from 
Reykjavík University. Anna is a licensed securities broker.  
Lilja Jensen, General Counsel 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Lilja Jensen has worked for the Issuer and its predecessor since 2012 and has been General Counsel 
since 2015. Prior to that, Lilja worked for LOGOS legal services intermittently, from 2008 to 2012, 
alongside law studies and post graduation. Prior to legal work, Lilja worked as a nurse at the National 
University Hospital of Iceland and Eir nursing home. Lilja holds a BSc degree in nursing from the 
University of Iceland, and a BA and ML degree in Law from Reykjavik University and is licensed to 
plead cases before the district courts of Iceland.  
Elísabet Björnsdóttir, Managing Director of Risk Management 
Katrínartúni 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Elísabet Björnsdóttir was appointed Managing Director of Risk Management in 2023. Elísabet has been 
with the Issuer since 2021, where she led the Issuer’s market funding. Prior to joining the Issuer, 
Elisabet worked for Landsbankinn and J.P. Morgan both in New York and London. Elísabet completed 
her master's degree in financial engineering from Cornell University in 2008, a B.Sc. degree in civil 
engineering from the University of Iceland in 2006 and is a certified securities broker.  
Bjarni Eyvinds Þrastarson, Managing Director of Corporate Banking and Capital Markets  
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Bjarni Eyvinds Þrastarson joined the Issuer (formerly MP banki hf.) in July 2009, after serving as Senior 
Vice President of Equity sales in Straumur Investment Bank hf. from 2007 to 2009. Prior to joining the 
Issuer, he worked for Reykjavik Savings Bank, MP banki hf., Íslandsbanki hf., and Straumur Investment

--- Page 171 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
171 
 
Bank hf. He graduated from the George Washington University with a BBA degree in 2002 and is a 
certified securities broker.  
Halldór Snæland, Managing Director of Commercial Banking 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Halldór Snæland was appointed Managing Director of Commercial Banking in February 2024. Halldór 
has been with Kvika since 2015, he was Director of Operations from 2020-2024 and before that he was 
a specialist in Kvika's Treasury. Prior to joining the Issuer, Halldór was Director of Finance and 
Operations at Sidekick Health, Director of Treasury at MP and a specialist in Risk Management at 
Kaupþing and Búnaðarbanki Íslands. Halldór holds an M.Sc. degree in engineering management from 
KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm in 2014, a B.Sc. degree in industrial engineering from 
the University of Iceland and is a certified securities broker.  
Birkir Jóhannesson, CEO of TM Insurance 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Birkir Jóhannsson was appointed the CEO of TM Insurance in December 2022. Since 2021, Birkir has 
been the managing director of core operations and digital solutions at Vátryggingafélag Íslands hf. 
Previously, Birkir was an independent consultant at Birtir Capital Partners during 2020-2021, chief 
financial and operating officer at the payment company Valitor hf. from 2015 to 2020, VP of Corporate 
Finance at Arion bank from 2010 to 2015 and an attorney at Attorneys at Höfðabakki from 2008 to 
2010. Birkir holds a law degree from the University of Iceland, a master’s degree in corporate finance 
from Reykjavik University and has completed an AMP program at IESE Business School. In addition, 
Birkir is a certified securities broker and has held a license as a district court attorney.  
Hannes Frímann Hrólfsson, CEO of Kvika Asset Management 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Hannes Frímann Hrólfsson has worked for the Group since 2012, first as CEO of Auður Capital (later 
Virðing hf.) which merged with the Issuer in 2017.  Prior to that, Hannes was the Managing Director 
and co-founder of Tindar Securities and a deputy managing director of treasury and capital markets at 
Arion banki and Kaupþing bank. Hannes holds a Cand. oecon degree in Business Administration from 
the University of Iceland. He is a certified securities broker and holds an ACI Dealing certificate.  
Committees established by the CEO 
The CEO of the Issuer is responsible for the effective implementation of the risk policy through the 
corporate governance structure and committees. In that respect, the CEO has established four 
committees which are responsible for developing and monitoring risk management policies in their 
specified areas. 
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) 
ALCO supervises the management of the Issuer’s balance sheet, assets and liabilities, and strives to 
achieve the goals of profitability. This involves determining the most efficient division between returns 
and risk, and allocating funds to the Issuer’s business units. ALCO sets measurable profitability goals 
and strives to achieve them. ALCO is composed of the CEO, the deputy CEO, the CFO, the Head of 
Treasury and the Managing Director of Risk Management. The deputy Head of Treasury attends 
committee meetings as an impartial observer and does not participate in the decision-making on

--- Page 172 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
172 
 
individual decisions. However, the deputy Head of Treasury has the right to speak at committee 
meetings and has the right to put forward motions.   
Credit Committee 
The Credit Committee addresses matters regarding the Issuer’s loan activities and is responsible for and 
makes decisions on the investments and sale of unlisted securities, and in relation to divisions other 
than Treasury and Proprietary Trading, the Credit Committee oversees the investment and sale of unit 
share certificates in funds for collective investment. The Credit Committee is responsible for the 
approval of larger loans and is the primary forum for the discussion of the Issuer’s credit rules, including 
credit limits for relevant divisions of the Issuer. The Credit Committee is composed of the CEO, the 
deputy CEO, the CFO, the Managing Director of Commercial Banking, the Managing Director of 
Corporate Banking and Capital Markets and the General Counsel. The Managing Director of Risk 
Management attends committee meetings as an impartial person and does not participate in decision-
making on individual lending or investments. The Managing Director of Risk Management is authorised 
to speak at meetings and has a power to veto.  
Operations Committee 
The Operations Committee is responsible for supervision and implementation of the Issuer’s security 
and quality policies. The security policy mainly addresses data security and operational security in IT 
systems, physical security for personnel and proper access controls and monitoring the Issuer’s 
premises. The quality policy is aimed at upholding proper quality in work processes, IT systems and 
services to support performance and profitability, lower operational risk and improving the customer 
experience. The committee is composed of the COO, the Head of Operations, the Managing Director 
of Risk Management, Kvika Asset Management’s head of operations and TM Insurance’s head of 
finance and operations. Further, the Operations Committee operates three sub-committees focused on 
law and regulation developments, IT security and data. 
Sustainability Committee 
The Sustainability Committee is responsible for the supervision and implementation of the Group’s 
sustainability policy and related decision making. The Sustainability Committee is composed of the 
CEO, the COO, the Managing Director of Commercial Banking, the Managing Director of Corporate 
Banking & Capital Markets, The CEO of Kvika Asset Management, the CEO of TM Insurance and the 
Director of Sustainability. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Many employees own shares in the Issuer and/or share purchase options issued by the Issuer. Similarly, 
members of the Issuer’s Executive Management and members of the Board own shares in the Issuer as 
well as options issued by the Issuer. A number of these individuals have contributed to the preparation 
of this Base Prospectus. Aside from the aforementioned, neither the Board nor members of the executive 
management are aware of any other potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of 
the Board or members of the Executive Management to the Issuer and their private interests or other 
duties.  
The Issuer has in place rules against conflicts of interests, which include the Issuer’s policy on conflicts 
of interests which may be accessed on the Issuer’s website. 
SHAREHOLDERS

--- Page 173 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
173 
 
The Issuer’s share capital consists of one class of shares and each issued share carries equal rights, in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Articles of Association. The ISIN number of the Shares is IS0000020469. 
The shares’ ticker symbol in the trading system of Nasdaq Iceland is KVIKA. 
The Issuer had 2,859 shareholders at 31 December 2023, none of whom hold more than 10 per cent.  of 
total shares in the Issuer. Pursuant to the Act on Financial Undertakings, the Issuer is obliged to specify 
on its website the names and proportional holdings of all parties, and beneficial owners, owning more 
than 1 per cent. of total share capital in the Issuer at any given time.  
To the extent known to the Issuer, the Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by parties 
other than listed shareholders.  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years 2023 and 2022 have been prepared in 
accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European Union, and additional requirements in the Act on 
Annual Accounts. The consolidated financial statements include the Issuer and its subsidiaries.  The 
Issuer’s latest financial statements comprise the period of 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 and 
include the Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
Deloitte ehf. has audited the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended 2023 and 
2022, and reviewed the Group’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six months 
ended 30 June 2023 and 30 June 2022.  
Auditors 
The Issuer’s audit firm is Deloitte ehf., reg. no. 521098-2449, Dalvegi 30, 201 Kópavogi, Iceland. 
Deloitte ehf. has been the Issuer’s audit firm since it was elected at the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting 
in March 2016. 
REGULATORY AND TAX ENVIRONMENT 
Capital Requirements 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on CRD IV, which is an EU legislative package 
consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or restated 
from time to time (CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR). CRD IV and CRR were 
implemented into Icelandic legislation for the most part by amendments made to the Act on Financial 
Undertakings (Act on Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002) and with the Regulation on the Prudential 
Requirements for Financial Undertakings. The first amendment was introduced on 9 July 2015 by Act 
No. 57/2015, which amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and incorporated into Icelandic law 
the CRD IV’s provisions on capital buffers and regulation implementing the provisions of the CRR and 
other technical standards. The second amendment, introduced on 1 September 2016 by Act No. 
96/2016, amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and incorporated the CRD IV’s provisions on 
operating licences, initial capital, information obligations, leverage ratios, supervisory review and the 
evaluation process. The third amendment, introduced on 9 May 2017 by Act No. 23/2017, includes an 
obligation on financial undertakings to establish effective and reliable mechanisms to enable employees 
to report potential or actual breaches of laws and/or regulations that apply to the undertakings. The 
fourth amendment, introduced on 19 June 2018 by Act No. 54/2018, further amended the Act on 
Financial Undertakings and introduced provisions on supervision and prudential requirements on a 
consolidated basis, co-operation with supervisors in other countries in the European Economic Area 
and a legal basis for the regulation on large exposures. The fifth amendment, introduced on 18 February 
2019 by Act No. 8/2019, amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and included provisions regarding

--- Page 174 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
174 
 
the Board and auditing. The remaining features of CRD IV (not already incorporated by the 
amendments outlined above) are still to be implemented into Icelandic law. 
The remainder of the CRR was enacted into Icelandic law by the entry into force of Regulation No. 
233/2017 on 6 March 2017.  
Furthermore, a revised European banking package consisting of a regulation amending the CRR 
(Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR II)) and a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of 20 May 2019 (CRD V)) was published in the EU’s Official Journal on 7 June 2019. CRR II and CRD 
V introduced changes to the leverage ratio, requirements for own fund and MREL, counterparty credit 
risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, remuneration, capital conservation measures and the NSFR amongst others. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the implementation 
of CRD IV and the CRR as well as further changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in 
Iceland. 
European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive or BRRD) entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with 
a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity, 
in order to ensure the continuity of the relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while 
minimising the impact of a relevant entity’s failure on the economy and financial system.  
Iceland, together with Liechtenstein and Norway (the EEA States), is a party to the EEA Agreement 
by which the EEA States participate in the internal market of the EU. The BRRD is marked EEA 
relevant in the Official Journal of the EU and thus should be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.  
The provisions of the BRRD have been implemented into Icelandic law by means of a combination of 
legislative acts. First, the passage of Act No. 54/2018, amending the Act on Financial Undertakings, 
implemented the BRRD provisions focusing on recovery plans and timely intervention to prevent an 
economic shock to financial institutions operating in Iceland. 
Second, the enactment of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms implemented the parts of the BRRD which provide for the resolution process, from 
preventative measures and preparation, to decision-making and the implementation of each resolution. 
Under the Act, the CBI possesses powers of resolution and can take action, prepare and execute 
resolution procedures on behalf of credit institutions and investment firms.  
As the Resolution Authority, the CBI oversees the preparation and implementation of each resolution 
and oversees a special funding resource, the Resolution Fund, which is intended to finance the resolution 
process. Additionally, the Act also provides for the implementation of Minimum Requirement for own 
funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) in Iceland and amended the amount guaranteed in the deposit 
guarantee scheme under which payments to each depositor are now guaranteed up to the equivalent of 
EUR 100,000 in ISK. 
The Hierarchy of Claims Bill has been enacted into law by the Icelandic Parliament, which implements 
Directive 2017/2399/EU (and amends the Recovery and Resolution Act) with regards to the position of 
unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there 
is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such

--- Page 175 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
175 
 
relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. These 
resolution tools are: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the 
relevant entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a “bridge 
institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may 
limit the capacity of the relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer any assets to one or more publicly owned asset management 
vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or 
orderly wind-down (this can only be used together with another resolution tool); and (iv) bail-in – which 
gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing 
relevant entity and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity (the general 
bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
When applying the general bail-in tool, the resolution authority must first reduce or cancel common 
equity tier one, and thereafter reduce, cancel and convert additional tier one instruments and then tier 
two instruments. Other unsubordinated debt may also be reduced, cancelled or converted in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. If this total reduction is less than the 
amount needed, the resolution authority will reduce or convert, to the extent required, the principal 
amount or outstanding amount payable in respect of unsecured creditors in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. The BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the 
application of the general bail-in tool and provides also that the resolution authorities may exclude or 
partially exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, 
pari passu liabilities may be treated unequally and as a result, the claims of other holders of junior or 
pari passu liabilities may be excluded from the application of the general bail-in tool, meaning the 
holders of such claims may receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received by 
Noteholders. 
Furthermore, the resolution authorities will have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt 
instruments and other eligible liabilities, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments 
and other eligible liabilities, or amend the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending interest payments for a temporary period. 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity, capital 
instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before, or at least together 
with, the application of any other resolution action (non-viability loss absorption). Any shares issued 
to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any 
application of the general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measures, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant 
entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant 
authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or group will no longer 
be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or 
converted, or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, 
where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy 
of an EEA State and to preserve financial stability.

--- Page 176 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
176 
 
Tax Environment  
The Issuer’s results of operations depend, to a certain extent, on tax laws and tax treaties, or the 
interpretation thereof. 
Under the Act on Special Tax on Financial Institutions, No. 155/2010, which requires certain types of 
financial institutions, including the Issuer, to pay an annual levy of the carrying amount of their 
liabilities as determined for tax purposes. This levy is currently 0.145 per cent. Non-financial 
subsidiaries are exempt from this tax. There can be no assurance that the levy will not be further 
increased.  
In June 2009, the Icelandic Parliament adopted an amendment to the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003 (the 
ITA) as a result of which payments of Icelandic sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the 
Issuer, to a foreign creditor, including holders of Notes who are not Icelandic, are taxable in Iceland at 
a current rate of 12 per cent. This taxation is applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and 
obtain approval from the Directorate of Inland Revenue in Iceland that an exemption applies, such as 
the existence of a relevant double taxation treaty, and in such case, the provisions of the double tax 
treaty will apply. Bonds issued by energy companies and certain financial institutions, including bonds 
issued by the Issuer, are also subject to exemption. The exemption, subject to certain other requirements, 
applies to bonds that are held through a clearing system, such as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the CSD within a member state of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(OECD) or the European Economic Area (EEA), a founding member state of European Free Trade 
Association (EFTA) or the Faroe Islands. 
The Issuer is required to pay a special tax levied on all remuneration paid to employees in accordance 
with the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011. The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of 
such remuneration. Additionally, under Article 71 of the ITA, there is a special additional income tax 
on legal entities liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the 
Issuer. The levy is set at 6 per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and 
transferable losses.

--- Page 177 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
177 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under 
the tax laws of Iceland and the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a 
purchase of Notes, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the 
Notes and their disposal or redemption. 
Iceland Taxation   
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and 
practice in Iceland.  This is not tax advice but a mere general overview of Icelandic rules. Prospective 
holders of the Notes who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax 
in any other jurisdiction, should consult their professional advisers. 
In light of the existing withholding tax regime in Iceland as regards non-residents, the clearing of the 
Notes through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be subject to confirmation that the 
relevant registration requirements with the Icelandic authorities have been completed. 
Icelandic residents 
Icelandic residents are subject to tax on any interest income derived by them from the Notes,  companies 
at the rate of 20 per cent., individuals at the rate of 22 per cent., and taxable partnerships at the rate of 
37.6 per cent.  The Issuer is liable to withhold tax on interest payments to Icelandic residents at the rate 
of 22 per cent.   
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are subject to the same tax as interest income of Icelandic 
residents. 
Non-Icelandic residents 
Non-Icelandic residents are not subject to Icelandic tax on any interest income derived by them from 
the Notes provided the Notes are registered with a securities depository within the Organisation for 
Economic Co-operation and Development, the European Economic Area or a member of the European 
Free Trade Association or the Faroe Islands, and the Issuer has registered any Notes issued under the 
Programme with the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland and received confirmation of exemption 
for the Notes from such taxation, all in accordance with point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of 
Act no. 90/2003 on Income Tax. The Issuer will provide a certificate of such tax exemption for each 
issue of Notes. 
In the event that the Issuer is required to withhold tax then the provisions of Condition 7 will apply and 
the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are classified as interest and should thus not be subject to tax in 
Iceland, provided that the aforementioned confirmation of exemption has been granted in respect of the 
Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.

--- Page 178 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
178 
 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) imposes a 30 per cent. United States withholding 
tax on certain United States source payments, including interest (and original issue discount), dividends 
(and dividend equivalents), or other fixed or determinable annual or periodical gain, profits, and income 
(Withholdable Payments), if paid to a foreign financial institution (including amounts paid to a foreign 
financial institution on behalf of a holder), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the 
United States Treasury Department to collect and provide to the United States Treasury Department 
certain information regarding United States account holders, including certain account holders that are 
foreign entities with United States owners or otherwise complies with FATCA.  A Note may constitute 
a “financial account” for these purposes and thus, be subject to information reporting requirements 
pursuant to FATCA.   
In addition, under FATCA, “passthru payments” made by a foreign financial institution to “recalcitrant 
holders” or non-compliant foreign financial institutions are subject to a 30 per cent. United States 
withholding tax.  A “recalcitrant holder” generally is a holder of an account with a foreign financial 
institution that fails to comply with reasonable requests for information that will help enable the relevant 
foreign financial institution to comply with its reporting requirements.  Pursuant to United States 
Treasury Department regulations, a passthru payment is any Withholdable Payment and any “foreign 
passthru payment”, which has yet to be defined.  Under the regulations and other guidance, the 30 per 
cent. United States withholding tax on “recalcitrant holders” or non-compliant foreign financial 
institutions may be imposed on non-United States source payments made by the Issuer with respect to 
the Notes no earlier than the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining the 
term foreign pass thru payment are published in the United Stated Federal Register. 
If the Issuer determines withholding is appropriate with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will withhold 
tax at the applicable statutory rate without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to 
amounts so withheld.  However, the withholding tax will not be imposed on payments pursuant to 
obligations giving rise to Withholdable Payments solely because payments are treated as foreign 
passthru payments if the obligation is treated as debt and is executed on or before the date of that is six 
months after the date on which final regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed 
with the United States Federal Register.  Holders are urged to consult with their own tax advisers 
regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 179 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
179 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement (such programme agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 
11 March 2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time 
agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any 
future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base

--- Page 180 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
180 
 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, specifies “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes)

--- Page 181 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
181 
 
Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to the public in the 
UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 1129/2017 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as

--- Page 182 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
182 
 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong  
The Notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than (i) to 
persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); 
or (ii) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong 
Kong (the SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result 
in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer 
to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. 
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the 
contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to 
do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Unless the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made

--- Page 183 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
183 
 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will 
it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section  4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (b) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.  
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus 
or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section  4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made 
to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 184 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
184 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions 
of the Board of the Issuer dated 24 November 2021 and 21 December 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The Regulated Market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or 
any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the 
Programme to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available  
For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection at https://kvika.is/en/fjarfestaupplysingar/?category=funding&subCategory=0: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including 
Final Terms and Pricing Supplements (save that a Pricing Supplement will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms 
relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are 
admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in accordance with the 
rules and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 185 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
185 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes (other than CSD Notes) have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which are the entities in charge of keeping the records.  The appropriate Common Code 
and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  The 
relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. The appropriate securities code for each Tranche of 
CSD Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. In the case of CSD Notes, the CSD is the entity in charge of keeping the records. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking SA, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  The address of the registered office of the Nasdaq CSD Iceland is Laugavegur 182, 105 
Reykjavík, Iceland.  
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group 
since 31 December 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2023. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or 
have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the 
Group. 
Auditors  
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte ehf., State Authorised Public Accountants of Dalvegi 30, 201 
Kópavogi, Iceland, who have audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, without qualification, which were prepared in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the EU for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022. 
The auditors are members of The Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants and are independent 
within the meaning of Independent State Authorised Public Accountant. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various 
activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial 
advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and 
brokerage activities.  Certain of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have, directly or indirectly, performed

--- Page 186 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
186 
 
investment and commercial banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer, for which they have 
received customary fees and commissions, and they expect to provide these services to the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the future, for which they also expect to receive customary fees and commissions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, including potentially the Notes.  Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes.  The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes which are not Exempt Notes, an indication 
of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price and on the basis of the 
rate of interest as at the Issue Date of the Notes.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to 
maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Websites 
In this Base Prospectus, reference to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual 
references.  The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus. 
Original language references 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 187 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
 
 
ISSUER 
Kvika banki hf. 
Katrínartún 2 
105 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
DEALERS 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
Jefferies GmbH 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Kvika banki hf. 
Katrínartún 2 
105 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 
Stockholm 
Sweden

--- Page 188 ---
0087518-0000088 UKO2: 2007245996.10 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Icelandic law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
LOGOS 
Efstaleiti 5 
103 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Deloitte ehf. 
Dalvegi 30 
201 Kópavogi 
Iceland 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2007245996.10