--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
Kvika banki hf. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
€500,000,000                                                                                         
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €500,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus), Kvika 
banki hf.  (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, Bearer Notes and Registered Notes).  As more fully described herein, Notes may be 
issued on a (i) senior preferred basis (Senior Preferred Notes); (ii) senior non-preferred basis (Senior Non-Preferred Notes); or (iii) subordinated 
basis (Subordinated Notes), in each case, as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €500,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined herein)), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. Without 
prejudice to the other risks described in “Risk Factors”, potential investors should note that in a winding-up of the Issuer, under current 
Icelandic law, Senior Preferred Noteholders (and, therefore, also Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Noteholders) will rank behind all 
depositors of the Issuer. See “Risk Factors –The claims of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
subordinated to claims of the Issuer's depositors in the event of a winding-up” and Condition 3.1 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such 
approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the EEA). Application has been made 
to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official 
list of Euronext Dublin (the Official List) and to trading on its regulated market (the Regulated Market). The Regulated Market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. Reference in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) only applies to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets 
in financial instruments as it forms part of United Kingdom (UK) domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) 
(UK MiFIR) and/or offered to the public in the UK other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the FSMA. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any state 
securities commission or any other United States regulatory authority and may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to United States tax law 
requirements. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons (as

--- Page 2 ---
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.   
 
 
Arranger 
Swedbank 
Dealers 
Jefferies 
Kvika 
Nordea 
Swedbank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 December 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement for each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”) of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance and makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. The information in the sections entitled “Iceland and Financial Markets” on pages 128 to 
130 has been extracted from publications by the Central Bank of Iceland, Statistics Iceland, Iceland 
Chamber of Commerce, where indicated as such. The Issuer confirms that, in each case, such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by those sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this 
document does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
In relation to any Tranche, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Tranche, the interest (if 
any) payable in respect of the Notes of such Tranche, the issue price and certain other information 
which is relevant to such Tranche will be set out in a final terms document (Final Terms) or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (Pricing Supplement) substantially in the form set out 
under “Form of Final Terms” and “Form of Pricing Supplement”, respectively, below.  
In relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the Final Terms will be filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. Copies of Final Terms 
relating to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. Copies of Final Terms will also be available from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the offices of the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below). 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
their attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published 
in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws 
and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Switzerland, the UK and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) with respect to the EEA 
only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes.  Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer of Notes in that EEA Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer.  Further, this Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any 
Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will 
with respect to the UK only be offered to the public pursuant to an exemption under section 86 of the 
FSMA. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or 
supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in any Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  The Notes have not been 
approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing 
authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
None of the Dealers and the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investment under any applicable laws.  Any investor in the Notes should be able to 
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, such Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, such Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. A distributor (as 
defined above) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will 
indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result 
that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.   
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes 
being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend included on the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will constitute notice to “relevant 
persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the consolidated financial information of the Issuer as of and for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 included in this Base Prospectus has been derived from the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019 (together, the Annual Financial Statements), which have been incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Annual Financial 
Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) as adopted by the European Union (EU).  
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed thereto in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; to Sterling 
and £ refer to pounds sterling; and to ISK, króna or krónur refer to the currency of Iceland. In 
addition, all references to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer's intentions, beliefs 
or current expectations and projections about its future business, results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies and opportunities and the 
markets in which it operates.  They include statements concerning the Issuer's plans, objectives, goals, 
strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking 
statements.  When used in this Base Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “projects”, 
“expects”, “believes”, “hopes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could”, 
“should”, and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements.  These forward 
looking statements are contained in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Issuer” 
and other sections of this Base Prospectus.  The Issuer has based these forward looking statements on 
the current view of its management with respect to future events and financial performance, taking 
into account information currently available to the Issuer.  Although the Issuer believes that the 
expectations, estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including 
those identified below or which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of 
the Issuer's underlying assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer's actual results of 
operation may vary from those expected, estimated or predicted. The Issuer's beliefs, assumptions and 
expectations can change as a result of possible events or factors, not all of which are known to the 
Issuer or are within its control. If a change occurs, the Issuer's business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity, performance, prospects, anticipated growth, strategies or opportunities 
may vary materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, these forward-looking statements. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
 
the Issuer's ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
 
the performance of the markets in Iceland and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
 
the Issuer's ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and 
investments it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
 
the Issuer's ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its 
existing and future investments and projects; 
 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and 
its customers operate; and 
 
actions taken by the Issuer's joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its 
policies and objectives.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the 
Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base 
Prospectus any updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained herein to reflect any 
change in expectations thereof or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such 
forward looking statement is based. 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 11 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 37 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 38 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 45 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 49 
Form of Pricing Supplement ............................................................................................................................ 65 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 79 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 126 
Iceland and Financial Markets........................................................................................................................ 128 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................. 131 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 148 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 150 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 156

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of risk factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is 
not possible to identify all such risk factors, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant risk factors and 
certain risk factors which it currently deems to be non-material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number 
of risk factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under 
the Notes. 
In addition, risk factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in (or 
otherwise incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Set forth below are certain risks that could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s future business, operating 
results or financial condition. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer’s Business Activities and Industry 
Should one or more of the Issuer’s counterparties fail to meet obligations it could result in an adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, operations, and stability 
Granting of credit is one of the Issuer’s main sources of income; consequently, one of the Issuer’s primary 
sources of risk is counterparty credit risk, which can significantly affect the financial stability of the Issuer. 
Credit risk is defined as the risk that the Issuer will incur losses due to a counterparty defaulting on debt, or 
debt equivalent instruments, granted by the Issuer. Credit risk includes loans to customers, guarantees, loan 
commitments and derivative transactions. Additional assets such as deposits in bank accounts and accounts 
receivables qualify, among others, as credit risk. However, the largest part of the Issuer’s credit risk involves 
lending to individuals and legal entities. Information on the Issuer’s loan portfolio and credit quality of 
financial assets can be found in note 43. of the Issuer’s financial statements for the period ending 30 
September 2021, which have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Failure to accurately 
assess credit risk could increase credit risk exposure, which could increase the amount of credit losses 
accrued by the Issuer and have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition. 
 
A sectorial, single-name and/or geographical concentration of the loan portfolio could affect the Issuer’s 
business, financial condition and operations 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is concentrated in key sectors, which include vehicles and machinery, real estate, 
construction, financial entities and holding companies. See note 43. a. of the Issuer’s financial statements for 
the period ending 30 September 2021 which have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Downturns in these sectors that influence customers’ ability to meet their obligations may ultimately have an 
adverse effect on the quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio and increase the amount of credit losses.. 
 
Economic downturns could affect the Issuer’s loan portfolio such as increased loan impairments granted by 
the Issuer

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
The Issuer’s loan portfolio is mainly composed of loans to Icelandic businesses. Increased corporate 
insolvency and reduced disposable income may reduce the customers’ ability to repay loans granted by the 
Issuer. This may lead to a higher impairment of loans in the Issuer’s loan portfolio.    
The Issuer maintains a loan portfolio with emphasis on the general quality of lending, rather than quantity. 
Emphasis is placed on a robust and efficient lending process that contributes to the quality of the loan 
portfolio in relation to customer risk categorisation and pledged collateral quality classification. Emphasis is 
placed on providing first-class specialised banking services which utilise a flexible infrastructure. Failings 
during the lending process might lead to negative evaluations of the quality of the borrower and therefore 
affect the credit quality of the loan portfolio. 
The loan portfolio is unique with respect to composition and duration. As of 31 December 2020, the duration 
of the loan portfolio was relatively short or approximately one year.  
The Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Group) applies the same valuation methods to collateral 
held as other comparable assets held by the Group. For other types of assets, the Group uses third party 
valuation where possible. Haircuts are applied to account for liquidity and other factors which may affect the 
collateral value of the asset, or other credit enhancement.  
The loan-to-value ratio (LTV) is the ratio of the gross amount of the loan to the value of the collateral, if 
any. The general creditworthiness of a customer is viewed as the most reliable indicator of the credit quality 
of a loan. Valuation of collateral held against loans is updated as deemed necessary based on price volatility 
and liquidity. An incorrect valuation of collateral can lead to increased credit losses due to a lower than 
anticipated collectable value of the pledged collateral and therefore can have an effect on the Issuer’s 
financial position.. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of counterparties repaying loans earlier than expected 
Prepayment risk is the risk that the Issuer will incur a financial loss because its counterparties request 
repayment of loans earlier than expected. Changes in interest rates could influence the customer’s 
willingness and ability to make unscheduled early payments on loans granted by the Issuer. This could lead 
to decreased interest income for the Issuer and therefore have an effect on the Issuer’s financial position.  
The Issuer is exposed to a wide range of market risks. The most significant risk factors include interest rate, 
equity, foreign exchange and inflation risks 
Market risk constitutes risk due to changes in the market prices of financial instruments and comprises 
interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk. The Issuer has a strict policy on controlling market risk 
and keeping its exposure within set limits. Risk Management monitors market risk limits daily and reports 
regularly to the Asset and Liability Committee and to the CEO. Failure to address and monitor market risk 
could effect the Issure’s financial position and credibility. 
The Issuer is mainly exposed to market risk caused by changes in equity prices, bond yields and currency 
exchange rates that can adversely affect the Issuer’s financial position. The Issuer has both direct and 
indirect exposure to market risk. The Issuer is directly exposed to market risk through its activites and 
holdings in the following departments: Corporate Banking, Proprietary Trading, Capital Markets and 
Treasury departments, as well as through its subsidiary, TM Insurance, which has a large portfolio of 
securities. These direct exposures arise from the holding of financial instruments, in addition to the operation 
of market making services for domestic issuers of securities. Furthermore, indirect market risk arises through 
the activities of Asset Management and Corporate Finance, as the main source of income for these 
departments is performance fees, in addition to total amount of assets under management. 
Changes in market variables directly impact the assets of the Issuer’s trading portfolios, which are marked-
to-market daily, recognising gains and losses immediately in the income statement. The Issuer’s trading

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
portfolios consist of market making portfolios for both stocks and bonds, as well as a trading portfolio for 
proprietary trading. Furthermore, there is market risk exposure in the treasury portfolio and the investment 
portfolio. The treasury portfolio contains securities positions, which are considered part of the Issuer’s active 
financial management, such as liquid assets. Investment securities that are not actively traded are valued 
either at amortised cost or at fair value. Further market risk due to assets and liabilities on- and off-balance 
sheet can arise, due to currency mismatches, interest rate imbalances and indexation.  
The Asset and Liability Committee addresses the Issuer’s market risk in accordance with the defined rules of 
the committee and may, in cooperation with Risk Management, set more detailed criteria for positions and 
define limits and targets. Exceeding of limits are immediately reported to the Asset and Liability Committee 
and the CEO and decisions on appropriate actions are made in accordance with the severity of the violation. 
Risk Management measures the direct risk of trading portfolios daily, using statistical value at risk (VaR) 
methods. VaR is a measure of the financial risk in the investment portfolio using a 99 per cent.  confidence 
level and one-day holding period. Limits are set by Risk Management for risk arising from both equity and 
debt securities in market making portfolios, and the limits are monitored by Risk Management daily. Failure 
to correctly estimate VaR could cause unexpected losses in the trading portfolio, which would affect the 
Issuer’s financial position. 
 
Failure to accurately assess and manage market risk could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
financial condition. 
 
Interest Rate Risk  
Interest rate risk refers to the risk of loss due to general interest rate changes. The Issuer’s interest rate risk is 
twofold. On the one hand, the Issuer has a portfolio of bonds, where market rates affect prices, and any 
fluctuations are recognised through the income statement. On the other hand, the Issuer has a mismatch in 
assets and liabilities with fixed interest terms. These include loans and swap contracts for securities on the 
asset side and borrowings and deposits on the liability side. The impact of interest rate changes on the 
Issuer’s performance is determined by the characteristics of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, particularly 
interest rate revision provisions. Thus, interest rate hikes can reduce the value of loans with fixed interest 
rates, while raising the cost of funding. The interest rate change has a lasting effect if interest rates are fixed 
over the contract period, while the effect is limited to the next interest rate revision date, if the interest rates 
are variable. 
The Group performs monthly sensitivity analysis on financial assets and liabilities in trading and non-trading 
portfolios that are subject to interest rate risk. The sensitivity analysis assumes a shift in the yield curves for 
all currencies.  
Failure to accurately assess and manage interest rate risk could increase the Issuer’s trading and non-trading 
portfolio losses and could affect the Issuer’s loan portfolio through reduced interest rate income, which 
would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition. 
 
Equity Risk 
Increased uncertainty in the financial markets contributes towards increased volatility in equity markets, 
which will affect the Issuer’s business. Equity risk arises from the change in value of individual equity 
exposures. The Issuer has equity risk exposure towards positions held in the trading book and positions in the 
non-trading portfolio. Increased volatility and fluctuations in the equity markets could indirectly affect the 
Issuer’s accrued performance fees related to equity markets and cause severe direct losses in the Issuer’s 
trading portfolios. 
 
Currency Risk

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Currency risk arises from fluctuations in the currency rate of financial instruments that are not denominated 
in the functional currency of the  Issuer, the Icelandic króna. A part of the Issuer’s financial assets and 
financial liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies.  
Treasury manages the Issuer’s position in foreign currencies by buying and selling currency and derivatives. 
Currency positions are monitored daily by Risk Management and Treasury and reported monthly to the 
Asset and Liability Committee and the Central Bank of Iceland (CBI). Any mismatch between assets and 
liabilities in each currency is monitored closely and maintained within limits.  
The Issuer is subject to restrictions set by the CBI (see Rules no. 784/2018 on Foreign Exchange Balance), 
regarding the maximum size of open currency positions; these must not exceed 15 per cent.  of the capital 
base.  
There is uncertainty regarding the remaining restrictions relating to the capital controls. There is also no 
guarantee that the CBI will not re-impose some elements of the capital controls that have already been lifted. 
Direct foreign investment in Iceland may be affected by the potential scenario that capital restrictions are re-
imposed in the future. This would severely limit the growth of the Icelandic economy and therefore have a 
severe effect on the business growth potential of the Issuer.  
CPI/Inflation Risk 
Exposure to changes in the Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI) bears the risk that fluctuations in the CPI 
will affect the balance and cash flow of indexed financial instruments. The Issuer is exposed to Icelandic 
inflation caused by the imbalance of CPI indexed assets and CPI indexed liabilities. Indexed assets and 
liabilities of the Issuer consist of securities and interest rate swap agreements, as well as indexed deposits 
and loans to customers. 
The Issuer controls its indexation risk through derivatives contracts and sales and purchases of indexed 
bonds, mostly government bonds, and thus keeps its inflationary position within the limits of the maximum 
100 per cent.  of the capital base, as defined by the Asset and Liability Committee.  
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk. Unexpected changes in the underlying mechanisms of funding sources 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations when they reach maturity 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will encounter difficulty in meeting contractual payment obligations 
associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or other financial assets. This risk 
mainly arises from mismatches in the timing of maturing cash flows from assets and liabilities.  The Issuer’s 
largest funding source is deposits from individuals, corporations and financial institutions. A sudden outflow 
of deposits from customers might have an adverse effect on the liquidity position of the Issuer and therefore, 
its financial position. 
Liquidity management is carried out by Treasury and monitored by Risk Management. The liquidity position 
is reported to the Asset and Liability Committee.  
The Issuer continuously maintains liquidity and funding ratios in accordance with the CBI’s rules on credit 
institutions’ liquidity ratios no. 266/2017. The rules include requirements for the coverage ratio between cash 
flows of assets and liabilities (LCR) as well as the required stable funding in foreign currencies (NSFR).  
The minimum 30-day LCR has been 100 per cent. from 2020 (100 per cent. for non-ISK assets). The 
minimum NSFR in foreign currencies has been 100 per cent. from 2020. The Group has followed internal 
and external liquidity requirements since 2020. The Issuer’s aim is to keep a steady 30-day LCR above 130 
per cent. and a foreign NSFR above 150 per cent., in compliance with the Issuer’s internal risk limits set by 
Risk Management and the Asset and Liabiltity Committee.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Maturity analysis of financial assets and financial liabilities is based on contractual cash flows or, in the case 
of held for trading securities, expected cash flows. If an amount receivable or payable is not fixed, for 
example, for inflation indexed assets and liabilities, the maturity analysis uses estimates based on current 
conditions. 
The Issuer has established guidelines regarding the matching of maturities of assets and liabilities. 
Furthermore, to ensure the ability to meet liquidity needs, the Issuer maintains a stock of highly liquid 
unencumbered assets, such as cash, treasury bills and bonds.  
Failure to accurately assess and manage liquidity risk could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
funding ability and liquidity position, therefore causing a severe effect on the Issuer’s financial position. 
 
One of the Issuer’s main business lines is insurance operations, which operate through its subsidiary, TM 
Insurance. Insurance risk is divided into two groups, Premium risk and Reserve risk, in order to segregate 
between current and future claims. 
 
Premium risk 
 
The Issuer’s insurance contracts insure events associated with human life, for example death or critical 
illness, in addition to assets such as motor vehicles, marine vessels and cargo, and personal possessions. In 
its essence, insurance is a transfer of risk from the holder of a contract to the Issuer. Such risks include 
financial loss due to accident, damage, theft, illness, disability or death. The Issuer would compensate certain 
losses of customers against payment of a premium. Specific risks arise in the Issuer’s operations as 
premiums are predetermined, whilst the compensation for losses are provided at a later point and cannot be 
determined in advance.  
Premium risk is the risk that future claims, in addition to related expenses, will be higher than anticipated at 
the point where premiums for current insurance contracts are calculated, meaning the Issuer will have 
underestimated the amount of insurance cover guaranteed to customers. This may be caused by inaccurate 
assumptions, as well as by temporary effects from large individual claims. The nature of claims may be 
different than expected or have changed due to developments in society. The Issuer monitors the frequency 
of claims and distribution of single claim amounts within each category and responds with changes in pricing 
or product development where necessary. Premium risk can be reduced by distributing the risk between 
insurance groups and by entering into reinsurance contracts for claims of significant value. An increase in 
the frequency or severity of claims can affect the Issuer’s results of operations in the short term.     
Reserve risk 
 
Reserve risk is the risk that existing, but not yet settled, claims will be higher than estimated. Negative 
developments can result from notified, but not yet settled, claims being undervalued and from claims, which 
are not yet notified, being higher in value than expected. The negative impacts can be caused by both actual 
indemnification of the claimant, as well as related expenses, such as clearance of ruins and cost of expert 
services in evaluations and settlement of claims. 
The Issuer's outstanding claims are based on the evaluation of the final cost of all unsettled claims. 
Significant uncertainty in that evaluation is inevitable. There can be a significant delay from when a loss is 
incurred, to when a claim is notified to the Issuer, as the loss may not have been discovered, or the claimant 
may not be aware of their right to compensation. Even when damage is discovered, its consequences can 
remain unknown or uncertain until a period of time has elapsed; for example, where an asset is damaged, the 
extent of the damage may not become clear until repair has begun, and permanent or long-term 
consequences of personal accidents may only become known long after the occurrence of the accident. 
Consequences of damage may therefore at first be under or over- estimated. There are also cases where

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
notified claims are not compensated by the Issuer, because either no loss was incurred, the claim did not fall 
under the terms of the insurance contract, or the claim did not exceed the insurance excess of the insured. 
 
Risk regarding the operations of the Issuer  
 
Operational risk is the risk of financial losses resulting from the failure or inadequacy of internal processes 
or systems, due to employee error, fraud or other external events.  
Operational risk is relevant to all the Issuer’s activities. The Issuer will at all times attempt to properly and 
actively manage risks. The Issuer’s risk management may not at all times be able to protect the Issuer against 
certain risks, especially risks that have not been identified or cannot be anticipated. The risk management 
methods may not take all risks into account, and it is possible that the methods are incorrect or based on 
incorrect information. Unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risk exposures could materially affect the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
A failure in one of the Issuer’s main operating systems could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business  
The technological advances in the financial sector have been rapid during recent years. As an example, to 
keep up with the rapid developments, the Issuer will be implementing a new core deposit and payment 
system, the Sopra Banking system. The Sopra banking system opens the way to increased integration of 
software solutions in the financial system. Existing systems have become outdated, are poorly serviced and 
contain various security flaws which present an operating system risk for the Issuer. The Issuer has not been 
able to implement necessary changes, forcing the Issuer to stop offering certain products and services due to 
being unable to comply with applicable laws and regulations.  
 
Implementing the Sopra banking system also presents short-term risks, such as service disturbances, where 
customers might not be able to access their accounts, as well as the risk of incorrect balances being 
transferred between the existing system and the Sopra banking system. However, once implementation is 
complete, the Issuer will have a safer, more flexible and better serviced system, eliminating a large part of 
previous operating system risk.  
 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of security breaches and unauthorized access of confidential information. 
The failure in functionality of the Issuer’s information systems could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business  
The rapid development of technology has led to greater attention and importance of acknowledging 
information and communication technology risk, as most of the Issuer’s operations rely entirely on 
information, information processing and automated information systems. Therefore, any incidents that 
compromise the information and communication solutions used by the Issuer can have a serious impact on 
the Issuer’s business processes. These incidents can be various and either random, malicious or accidental, 
such as, destruction of data or data theft (for example, from cyber-attacks), errors and omissions, or system 
disruptions. These incidents could have a material effect on the Issuer’s operations and business.  
Due to the nature of providing banking services, the safe handling and processing of customer’s personal 
data and other confidential information is an important part of the Issuer’s daily operations. The same applies 
to the Issuer’s subsidiaries, including, but not exclusive to, Kvika eignastýring hf. (KES), Kvika Securities 
Ltd. (KSL), TM tryggingar hf. (TM Insurance), Aur app ehf. (Aur) and Netgíró hf. (Netgíró). The Issuer 
and the subsidiaries are legally responsible for safeguarding personal data and confidential information, and 
must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws, including rules on bank secrecy, when handling 
and processing such data.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Pursuant to Act no. 161/2002 on Financial Undertakings (Act on Financial Undertakings), the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors, managing directors, auditors, employees and any persons undertaking tasks on behalf of 
the Issuer, are bound by an obligation of confidentiality concerning any information of which they may 
become aware in the course of their duties regarding business or private concerns of the Issuer’s customers. 
They may not disclose any such information unless they are obliged to do so by law. This obligation is 
commonly referred to as bank secrecy.  
To protect confidential information, and to ensure compliance with rules on bank secrecy, the Issuer has 
implemented appropriate security measures, such as internal rules on information concerning the Issuer’s 
customers, which apply to the work of all the Issuer’s employees, board members, auditors, contractors and 
any other parties who undertake work on behalf of the Issuer. Further, all data access is controlled through 
dedicated access control systems to ensure data security and an overview of who is permitted to access 
which data. Access reviews are performed annually to maintain the quality of access control. Moreover, 
contracts with third-party service providers generally include confidentiality obligations which restrict the 
providers from using or disclosing any confidential information they receive from the Issuer. A performance 
failure or operational error by third-party service providers could have a material effect on the Issuer’s 
business and operations. 
However, security measures, such as confidentiality agreements, may not fully prevent the unauthorised use 
or disclosure of confidential information, or allow the Issuer to seek reimbursement from a third-party in the 
case of a breach of confidentiality obligations towards the Issuer. Act no. 90/2018, on Data Protection and 
the Processing of Personal Data (Data Protection Act), which implements the European General Data 
Protection Regulation, came into force in July 2018. The Data Protection Act included significant changes to 
the previous data protection legislation. To protect personal data, the Issuer has implemented appropriate 
security measures in accordance with the requirements of the new legal regime, including a data protection 
policy. The Issuer’s data protection policy specifies the personal data that the Issuer can process, for what 
purposes, for how long the data can be stored, which third parties may obtain access to the personal data and 
how the security of personal data is guaranteed. The Board of Directors has appointed a data protection 
officer in accordance with the Data Protection Act, who shall be appointed based on professional 
competence. The task of the data protection officer is primarily to supervise compliance and assist the Issuer 
in complying with the provisions of the Data Protection Act. Penalties for non-compliance with the Data 
Protection Act can be monetary fines, damages and, in severe cases, criminal liability. 
Cyber security breaches, human error and other factors which cause erroneous disclosure of confidential 
information, infringement of rules on bank secrecy or non-compliance with the Data Protection Act can lead 
to significant reputational damage and costs, fines, legal proceedings or regulatory actions being brought 
against the Issuer by governmental authorities, customers or other third parties. This can have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
 
Reputational risk is the risk of financial losses due to negative impressions towards the Issuer from 
stakeholders, such as customers, shareholders, employees, and investors. Consequences of negative 
impressions can lead to a lack of trustworthiness in the market, leading to a loss of customers and 
opportunities and, consequently, income 
The Issuer has a well-established image and positive reputation that has contributed towards attracting new 
customers, as well as strengthening its business relations with core customers. The Issuer’s image is also 
reflected in the image of its key subsidiaries, Kvika Asset Management, TM Insurance and KSL, and in 
brands such as Aur and Netgíró. If the Issuer’s, or any of its connected parties’ or brands’, reputation 
suffered significant damage, there is a risk that a substantial number of customers will terminate their 
business relationship and other counterparties will be reluctant to engage in further transactions with the 
Issuer or the Group. A loss of customers and/or business relationships would negatively impact the Issuer’s 
revenues and its potential to obtain funding, create new business relationships and maintain existing ones.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
The Issuer emphasises that customers are kept informed and regularly provided with information about new 
services, changes to existing services and other information that customers may benefit from. The Issuer has 
implemented communication procedures, detailing how communications and information flows to 
customers, employees, the public, regulatory bodies and shareholders are to be conducted and who is 
authorised to publicly discuss matters relating to the Issuer and its operations. However, any failure to 
adequately communicate with customers could also pose a reputational risk to the Issuer and have a negative 
effect on the Issuer’s credibility and trustworthiness.  
The Issuer’s future business growth relies on retaining qualified and experienced employees and 
management 
The Issuer’s operations are based on the knowledge, experience and future vision of the Issuer’s essential 
employees. There is no guarantee that these individuals will continue to work for the Issuer. The loss of  
such essential employees may significantly delay the attainment of the Issuer’s business objectives and could 
negatively affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
To minimise risks relating to absence of essential employees, a substitute for each member of the Executive 
Management has been designated by each relevant member of the Executive Management. The Head of Risk 
Management and Head of Treasury have also designated their substitutes. The Board of Directors has been 
informed of the names and titles of the substitutes. Further, the Issuer’s remuneration policy may, to some 
extent, limit the risk of loss of essential employees, but its main goal is to make the Issuer a desirable place 
of work for qualified and ambitious individuals and to build long-term relationships with employees. 
However, when the labour market experiences wage inflation, a prominent issue in Iceland’s labour market 
in recent years, the Issuer may come under pressure to increase the salaries of its employees. Salary increases 
can lead to increases in the Issuer’s expenditure, which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements are partly based on future estimates and assumptions. Large 
deviations from those measures could result in future losses and adversely affect the Issuer’s business  
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, as 
adopted by the EU and additional requirements in the Icelandic Financial Statement Act. The Issuer has 
diverse operations with four key operating segments, which increase the level of complication in preparing 
consolidated financial statements. For example, the Issuer and its subsidiary, TM Insurance, are required to 
report under different IFRS implementations, IFRS 9 and IFRS 17.  
Furthermore, in the process of applying the Issuer's accounting policies, the management makes judgements 
and estimates which are based on various assumptions. These judgements and estimates can affect the 
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and income and expenses. Assumptions and estimates are based on 
historical experience and other factors, including reasonable expectations of future events, and are reviewed 
on an on‐going basis. The estimates form the basis for judgements on the carrying value of assets and 
liabilities, which are not readily available from other sources, and actual results may differ. Judgements may 
also be required in circumstances not involving estimates, for example, when determining the substance of a 
particular transaction, contract or relationship.  
The areas where the use of judgements and estimates has the most significant effect on the amounts 
recognised in the statement of financial position or the income statement are the following: 
Fair value of financial instruments: the fair value of financial instruments that are not quoted in active 
markets is determined using valuation techniques which are reviewed regularly. The fair value of financial 
assets and liabilities that are traded in active markets are based on quoted market prices. For other financial 
instruments, the Issuer determines fair value using various valuation techniques. IFRS 13 specifies a fair 
value hierarchy based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, whereas unobservable inputs 
reflect the Issuer's market assumptions. 
Impairment of financial assets: the use of estimates and judgements are an important component of the 
calculation of impairment losses. The methodology and assumptions used for estimating both the amount 
and timing of future cash flows are reviewed regularly to reduce any differences between loss estimates and 
actual losses. Unforeseen events could, however, cause further impairment losses, which would have a 
material effect on the income statement and statement of financial position. 
Impairment of intangible assets: the carrying amount of intangible assets are reviewed annually to 
determine whether there are indications of impairment. If any such indication exists, the assets’ recoverable 
amounts are estimated. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its 
recoverable amount 
Technical provision: The Issuer’s technical provision is made up of a combination of claims provisions, 
premium provisions and a risk margin. Premium provisions are the part of the premiums already written that 
cover insurance protection against events happening after the date of finalisation of financial statements, and 
it also takes into account expected cancellations of premiums. The core of the claims provisions is an 
actuarial estimate of payments of incurred claims until they are settled, less what has already been paid. In 
accordance with the Act on Insurance No. 100/2016 and related legislation, the following three margins are 
added to the core of the claim’s provisions. First, expected settlement expenses not allocated to specific 
claims; this cost is recognized among operating expenses when it is due. Second, the effect of future inflation 
from the date of accounts to payment. Third, the effect of discounting the future payments using a risk-free 
interest rate curve. The risk margin represents the cost of capital that an insurance company would require to 
take on the insurance obligations of the Issuer. 
Deferred tax assets: judgement is required to determine the extent to which deferred tax assets are 
recognised in the statement of financial position, based on the likely timing and level of future taxable 
profits. 
Any changes to the accounting principles or large deviations from the estimates and/or assumptions made in 
the preparation of the Issuer’s financial statements could result in an adverse effect on the amounts 
recognised in the statement of financial position or the income statement and create future losses and 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business.Poor decisions and execution of projects have a negative impact on the 
Issuer’s business and financial position  
Business risk is defined as the risk of financial loss caused by changes in the Issuer’s economic environment 
or caused by certain events that may reduce the expected earnings of the Issuer. Strategy risk is defined as 
the risk of the Issuer’s expected earnings and capital ratio deteriorating due to changes in the Issuer’s 
business environment or due to unfavourable business decisions, late and unwise decision making or lack of 
response time. The Issuer’s organisational structure is flat and its management body emphasises short 
channels of communication, clear allocation of responsibilities and de-centralised decision making. 
Furthermore, two of the Issuer’s key business lines are operated through subsidiaries, whose own boards of 
directors are independent to the Group and operate each entity according to a shareholder policy set by the 
Issuer. Failure to manage business risk and strategy risk could have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
business or financial position. Failure to act on opportunities, unwise decision-making, or otherwise failing 
to set and/or implement a successful business strategy could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
prospects, financial position and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes and to the Issuer’s 
creditors.  
The Issuer’s insurance coverage might not cover all losses 
The Issuer has insurance policies in place which are considered appropriate and relevant with respect to the 
Issuer’s operations. More specifically, the Issuer has a combined comprehensive crime and professional

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
indemnity insurance policy, as well as a directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy. Despite these 
insurance policies which the Issuer has in place and due to the nature of the Issuer’s operations, there is no 
guarantee that all claims that might be lodged against the Issuer at any time would be covered, which could 
have a material effect on the Issuer’s operations and financial conditions and therefore its ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes and to the Issuer’s creditors.     
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic and other Business Conditions 
The Issuer’s business is affected by local and global economic developments  
The Issuer conducts the majority of its business in Iceland. Accordingly, its performance is influenced by the 
level and cyclical nature of business activity in Iceland, and the overall strength of Iceland’s economy, which 
in turn has been, and will continue to be, affected by both domestic and international economic and political 
factors, given the country’s heavy reliance on trade in goods and services.  
These conditions include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment, insurance and 
banking products. These cycles are also influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war and 
other hostilities, and by market specific events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer 
spending, the rate of unemployment, industrial output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
Local and global economic developments have an effect on the demand for the Issuer’s investment, 
insurance and banking products, and have an effect on the value of the Issuer’s financial instruments. A 
downturn in consumption of the Issuer’s products and/or a decrease in value of the Issuer’s own financial 
instruments could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s revenues, financial position and its ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes and to the Issuer’s creditors.Frequent changes in tax legislation pose a 
general risk to entities operating in Iceland and any changes in tax legislation can affect the financial results 
of the Issuer  
In addition to the general risk, there is an additional tax risk regarding financial institutions, as there are taxes 
levied specifically on financial undertakings in Iceland in accordance with Act no. 90/2003, on Income Tax 
and Act no. 155/2010 on Special Tax on Financial Institutions.  
Pursuant to the Value Added Tax Act no. 50/1988, with subsequent amendments (Value Added Tax Act), 
the services of banks, saving banks and other credit institutions, as well as stock-brokerage firms, are exempt 
from value added tax (VAT). However, in the VAT environment of financial undertakings, there has been 
some uncertainty regarding the handling of VAT on the sale of goods and services, as under the 
interpretation of the Icelandic tax authorities, according to the Act on Financial Undertakings, the exemption 
only applies to services banks or credit institutions. Services provided by banks and credit institutions could 
be deemed, by the tax authorities, not to fall under the Act on Financial Undertakings as there is room for 
interpretation.  
Although the Issuer believes its collection and handling of VAT for services provided is within the scope of 
the Value Added Tax Act, there is no guarantee that the Icelandic tax authorities will not conclude otherwise. 
If that were to happen, the Issuer could be retroactively liable for six years’ unpaid tax, plus penalties and 
interest. 
There is an additional risk regarding the competitive effects of banks or credit institutions  starting to claim 
VAT on any services provided, resulting in a competitive advantage or disadvantage with different treatment 
of VAT and possible material adverse effects for those claiming such VAT. 
Risks Relating to Capital and other Regulatory Requirements of the Issuer 
Changes regarding required capital may have an adverse effect on the Issuer

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
The Issuer’s capital ratios are calculated in accordance with the Act on Financial Undertakings and 
regulation no. 233/2017 on prudential requirements for financial undertakings. In accordance with the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of the CBI (the FSA) regulation no. 233/2017, the Issuer uses the 
standardised approach to calculate capital requirements for credit risk, market risk and operational risk. 
Failure by the Issuer to meet the regulatory capital requirements could result in regulatory intervention. The 
regulators could impose sanctions on the Issuer and therefore severely affect the financial position and 
reputation of the Issuer. 
Legal and Regulatory Risk 
Regulatory, compliance and legal risks are inherent in the Issuer’s business 
 
As a financial institution, the Issuer must comply with a comprehensive set of laws and regulations which are  
extensive and complex. The legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer is constantly subject to change 
and changes often with a short period of notice and consultation. The Issuer puts substantial resources and 
man-power into monitoring and implementing these changes to ensure full compliance. The regulatory and 
compliance risk faced by the Issuer and its subsidiaries arise not only from regulation within Iceland or 
specific to financial services firms, but also from other, more broadly applicable regulations and from risks 
relating to the ability of regulatory agencies and Icelandic authorities to adopt, implement and administer 
applicable regulations and to supervise Icelandic banks, including the Issuer. Regulatory agencies have broad 
administrative powers over many aspects of the Issuer’s business which may include liquidity, capital 
adequacy and permitted investments, investor protection, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, record 
keeping, and marketing and selling practices. Banking and financial services laws, regulations and policies 
currently governing the Issuer and its subsidiaries may change at any time in ways which have a material 
effect on the Issuer’s business. This includes any changes in interpretation of such laws and regulations by 
regulatory agencies. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer cannot predict the timing or form of any future regulatory initiatives. Changes in 
existing banking and financial services laws and regulations may materially affect the way in which the 
Issuer conducts its business, the products or services it may offer and the value of its assets. If it fails to 
address, or appears to fail to address, despite its best efforts, and whether intentionally or unintentionally, 
appropriately these changes or initiatives, its reputation could be harmed and it could be subject to additional 
legal risk, which could, in turn, increase the size and number of claims and damages asserted against it, or 
subject it to enforcement actions, fines and penalties. In addition, existing laws could change, and new laws 
or regulations could be adopted in ways unfavourable to the Issuer’s operations, which could adversely affect 
the way the issuer operates its business and its market reputation. Regulatory agencies have the power to 
bring administrative or judicial proceedings against the Issuer, which could result, among other things, in 
suspension or revocation of its licenses, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal penalties or 
other disciplinary action which could materially harm its results of operations and financial condition. 
 
Regulatory risks relate not only to regulation within Iceland, but also from the ability of Iceland, as a 
member of the EEA Agreement, to adopt, implement and administer new European directives and 
regulations into national Icelandic rules and regulations. See further the section entitled “Iceland´s national 
implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstance”. This may include late 
implementation into national Icelandic rules and regulations, and more stringent requirements around where 
they are permitted or required to do so, for example in the respect of capital requirements. 
 
There can be no assurance that the Icelandic government will not enact new regulations which could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, financial positions, its ability to make payments in respect 
of the Notes and the Issuer’s creditors.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The Issuer must comply with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations, and the violation of such 
regulations may have severe consequences 
The Issuer is subject to laws regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism, as well as laws that 
prohibit the Issuer or its employees or intermediaries from making improper payments or offers of payment 
to foreign governments and their officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining 
business. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-bribery regulations can place a significant financial burden 
on banks and other financial institutions and requires significant technical capabilities and resources. The 
Fourth Money Laundering Directive (2015/849/EU) has been implemented with Act No. 140/2018. 
However, the Issuer cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which it 
might be subject, or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Although the 
Issuer believes that its current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery and sanctions rules and regulations, it cannot guarantee that such policies completely 
prevent situations of money laundering or bribery, including actions by the Issuer’s employees, for which the 
Issuer might be held responsible. Any such events may have severe consequences, including sanctions, fines 
and reputational consequences, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. 
Iceland’s national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstances 
 
Iceland is a member state of the EEA and is therefore obligated to implement certain EU instruments with 
EEA relevance, including legislation relating to financial markets. Where implementation of such 
instruments into Icelandic law is inadequate, (for example, where Iceland fails to adapt national law to 
conform to EEA rules) citizens may be unable to rely on these instruments and the Icelandic courts may be 
barred from applying them, unless Icelandic legislation is able to be interpreted in accordance with the EEA 
rules. As a result, the Noteholders in some circumstances may experience different legal protections than 
they would expect as holders of securities issued by banks in EU member states where EU instruments are 
directly applicable, or where the EU instruments have been adequately implemented into national legislation. 
Complying with regulation that is in continual change can be resource-intensive and exposes the Issuer to 
risks of non-compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Judgments entered against Icelandic entities in the courts of a state which is not a party to the Lugano 
Convention (including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK) may not be recognised or enforceable 
in Iceland  
 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a party to 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) (a Contracting State), would not 
be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a matter of law without a retrial on its merits. However, the 
judgment will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of Iceland. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the UK and Iceland are not bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on 
mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes.  
 
The UK has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, but the other 
contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application. As a result, a 
final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England against 
the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Iceland. However, if a Noteholder 
brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which 
it relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to rehear the dispute, ab initio. Any retrial on a 
judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of certain of such 
features: 
 
The claims of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated to 
claims of the Issuer's depositors in the event of a winding-up 
Typically, the claims of holders of senior ranking unsecured debt instruments, such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, issued by a financial institution holding bank deposits would not be 
subordinated to the claims of depositors.  However, in Iceland, Article 102 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings provides that, should such financial institution, such as the Issuer, enter into winding-up 
proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on Financial Undertakings, then the claims of holders of 
senior unsecured unsubordinated debt would be subordinated to the claims of all of the Issuer's depositors. 
Moreover, the Hierarchy of Claims Act No. 38/2021 (as defined herein) was enacted into law by the 
Icelandic Parliament on 4 May 2021. The Hierarchy of Claims Act amends the Act on Financial 
Undertakings and introduces a new Article 85(a) to the Act on Recovery and Resolution which provides in 
part that, in a winding-up: (x) claims of certain types of the Issuer's depositors will have priority over other 
kinds of bank deposits (i.e. the inner ranking within deposits will change), but (y) all types of bank deposits 
will, as a group, rank higher than the claims of the Issuer's senior unsecured unsubordinated debt obligations. 
Hence, under current Icelandic law, the claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated debt (which 
would include Senior Preferred Notes as well as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are subordinated to the claims 
of all of the Issuer's depositors in a winding-up of the Issuer.  If a winding-up of the Issuer were to occur, 
there may not be sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay the claims of such Noteholders after the 
claims of depositors have been paid. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in Subordinated Notes 
assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated.  
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise 
of public authority (referred to herein as a winding-up of the Issuer), all claims in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, at least pari passu with 
present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 3.5), in priority to any present 
or future claims in respect of Junior Securities (as defined in Condition 3.5) and junior to any present or 
future claims in respect of Senior Creditors (as defined in Condition 3.5). If, on a winding-up of the Issuer, 
the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of the Senior Creditors in full, 
the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to 
enable the Issuer to pay the claims of Senior Creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims 
in respect of its obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims of Parity Securities, 
Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or guaranteeing of 
any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable 
by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
under the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his or her 
investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities and the Issuer's obligations under Senior Non-
Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's unsubordinated creditors 
The Hierarchy of Claims Act introduces a new class of “senior non-preferred notes” that meet specified 
criteria, which class will, upon a credit institution's bankruptcy, rank junior to its senior unsubordinated debt 
obligations and rank senior to its subordinated notes as well as regulatory capital and common shares. As 
further set out in Condition 3.2 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Issuer intends that its Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will constitute part of this new, lower-ranking (un-preferred) 'senior' unsecured class, 
that will rank below its Senior Preferred Notes but ahead of the Subordinated Notes.  
The Issuer's obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
On a winding-up of the Issuer, all claims in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer (as defined in Condition 3.5), senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any 
subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, without limitation, any Subordinated Notes) and 
will rank junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. If, on 
a winding-up of the Issuer, the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of 
the unsubordinated creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of unsubordinated 
creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the 'senior' designation under the 
programme, in an insolvency of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law given priority over 
the Senior Preferred Notes, such as bank deposits) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. 
Moreover, there is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Issuer may issue, 
incur or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue 
or guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount 
(if any) recoverable by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes during a winding-up of the Issuer and may 
limit the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will lose all or some of his or her investment should a winding-up of the Issuer occur.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
There are limited enforcement events in relation to the Notes 
Each Series of Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to: 
(a) 
non-payment by the Issuer of any amounts due under the relevant Series of Notes. In such 
circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 9 (Enforcement Events), a Noteholder may 
institute proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such 
Noteholder; and 
(b) 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in 
Condition 9, the relevant Series of Notes will become due and payable at their outstanding principal 
amount, together with accrued interest thereon.  
A Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. As such, the remedies 
available to holders of the Notes are limited, which may make it more difficult for Noteholders to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required) 
The Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them. In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
such call option may only be available after a minimum period of, for example, five years after the issuance 
date of the Subordinated Notes. To exercise such a call option, the Issuer must obtain prior written consent of 
the Relevant Regulator (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), if and to the extent then required by the 
Relevant Regulator. 
Holders of the Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of the Notes and should not invest in such 
Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. The Relevant Regulator must agree 
to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain 
other facts at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a 
call. Holders of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period. See also “If the Issuer has the 
right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
return” above.  
In certain circumstances, the Issuer can substitute or vary the terms of the Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify that 
Condition 6.11 (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Condition 6.12 (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes), 
an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or 
a Tax Event (in any case) occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer 
may, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), 
but without the requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some 
only, of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes (including changing the governing law 
of Condition 17 from English law to Icelandic law), as the case may be, so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in 
Condition 6.11), in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as 
defined in Condition 6.12) or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities 
(as defined in Condition 6.12), as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 6.11 and Condition 6.12 
(as applicable).The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and conditions that contain one 
or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Senior

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, provided that the 
relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes 
remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying 
Securities, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. While the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in 
its reasonable opinion, are materially less favourable to the holders of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, as a class, the governing law of 
Condition 17 may be changed from English law to Icelandic law in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of such condition. No assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular holder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for 
them of holding the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, prior to such substitution or variation.   
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
At any time upon the occurrence of a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 6.2, a Capital Event pursuant to 
Condition 6.3 (in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the extent specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or (for Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement), an MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 
6.4 (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to the extent specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (for Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement), on an Optional 
Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6.5 or on a Clean-up Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 6.6, 
the Notes may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Issuer at their principal amount, as more 
particularly described in the Conditions. Such an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market 
value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant Notes, or during any 
period when Noteholders perceive that the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Redemption Option by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 6.6, there is no obligation under such Condition 6.6 nor under any of the Conditions 
for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75 per cent. or any higher percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries is reached, or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem 
will exist notwithstanding that, immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the 
Clean-up Redemption Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially 
resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
The Issuer may elect to exercise its option to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes included a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest rate may affect the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a 
lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread 
on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed 
rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates compared to 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as, in the case of Floating Rate Notes, 
a Reference Rate, or, in the case of Reset Notes, a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate), are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing 
such a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, 
applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use 
in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent, in whole or in part, upon 
a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/ or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, reforms 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Future discontinuance of certain benchmark rates (for example EURIBOR) may adversely affect the value of 
Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes which are linked to or which reference any such benchmark rate 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Reset Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
benchmark, such as EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable or if a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
and including, for example, if the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published or if there is a public 
statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative or may no longer be used) otherwise occurs.  
If the circumstances described in the preceding paragraph occur and (i) in the case of Floating Notes, 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement as being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the rate of interest is to 
be determined or (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being the relevant Reset Reference Rate and Reference 
Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement as being applicable (any such Notes, Relevant Notes), such fallback arrangements will include 
the possibility that: 
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest (or, as applicable, component thereof) could be set or, as the case may be, 
determined by reference to a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) determined by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) may be adjusted (if 
required) by the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the relevant Original Reference Rate with the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), 
in any such case, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as described more fully in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Relevant Notes. 
The use of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate may result in interest payments that 
are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have 
been made on the Notes if the Original Reference Rate remained available in its current form. In particular, if 
a Benchmark Event occurs as a result of a public statement that the relevant Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative, the relevant rate of interest on the Notes may therefore cease to be determined by 
reference to that Original Reference Rate, and instead be determined by reference to a Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, even if the Original Reference Rate continues to be published. Such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be lower than the Original Reference Rate for

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
so long as that Original Reference Rate continues to be published, and the value of and return on the Floating 
Rate Notes may be adversely affected. The application of an Adjustment Spread, as described in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Relevant Notes, may result in the Relevant Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form.  
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may also determine that other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are necessary in order to follow market practice in 
relation to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and to ensure 
the proper operation of the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or any other related adjustments and/or 
amendments described above. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or a Reset 
Period (as applicable). In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of Relevant Notes, the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances 
of each Noteholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder. 
In addition, in the case of Relevant Notes, potential investors should also note that no Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Relevant Notes: (i) where the Relevant Notes are 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as MREL Eligible Liabilities or result in the Relevant 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date; or (ii) where the Relevant Notes are Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer. In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described 
above) will apply.    
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of net proceeds, such as “Green Financing Instruments”, 
such use of net proceeds may not be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes (any such Notes, 
Green Financing Instruments) may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Financing Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in 
part, the Issuer's investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Green Financing Framework (as defined below). The use 
of such proceeds may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Eligible Assets as further described in the Green Financing Framework). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “blue” or “social” or equivalently-labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “blue” or “social” 
or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will 
develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). 
On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved the first delegated act and the Delegated Regulation 
supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the EU 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act) was formally adopted on 4 June 2021. The EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable investment by making it clear which economic activities 
most contribute to the EU's environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out 
criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and 
delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, 
transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line 
with mandates in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such objectives have 
been developed and disclosed it is not known whether any Green Financing Instruments will satisfy those 
criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once all criteria is established, 
is not certain. In addition, the requirements of any such definition may evolve from time to time, and, as 
such, the use of the proceeds of Green Financing Instruments may not meet any or all Noteholders 
expectations regarding such “green”, “blue” or “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives.  
Any opinion or certification by a third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Financing Instruments and in particular with any project 
to fulfil any environmental, and/or other criteria may not be suitable for Noteholders' purposes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Financing 
Instruments. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was issued. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Green Financing Instruments are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any eligible projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another. Such listing or admission to trading obtained in respect of any such Green Financing 
Instruments may not be maintained during the life of the Green Financing Instruments. 
Whilst it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Financing 
Instruments in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Green Financing Framework, the related 
projects may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timing schedule and accordingly such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such 
projects. Such projects may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. None 
of the Dealers will assess, verify or monitor the application of the amount equal to the net proceeds of any 
such Green Financing Instruments issued under the Programme.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green 
Financing Instruments will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an 
Enforcement Event under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose; (iii) lead to an obligation of 
the Issuer to redeem such Green Financing Instruments or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Financing Instruments; or 
(iv) in the case of Subordinated Notes, affect the qualification of such Notes as Tier 2 Capital or, in the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, affect the qualification of such Notes as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, as applicable. 
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification as described above or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse 
effect on the value and marketability of the Green Financing Instruments and/or result in adverse 
consequences for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the 
case may be) on the Green Financing Instruments shall not depend on the performance of the relevant 
project. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or 
market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, the investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in the investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that subsequent increases in market interest 
rates above the rate paid on the relevant Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes will adversely affect the value of 
the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In addition, rating agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. In such circumstances there can be 
no assurance that the unsolicited rating(s) will not be lower than the comparable solicited ratings assigned to 
the Notes, which could adversely affect the market value and liquidity of the Notes.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is 
pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-
EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list 
of 
registered 
and 
certified 
rating 
agencies 
published 
by 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-
UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of any rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, as implemented in Iceland, could materially adversely affect the 
rights of holders of Notes  
Directive 2014/59/EU (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) is designed to provide the 
respective authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or 
failing relevant entity. This set of tools includes in particular the “bail-in tool” which gives resolution 
authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims (including Notes) to equity. For more information on the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive, see “Business Overview — Regulatory and Tax Environment — 
European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
The BRRD has been implemented in Iceland with Act 54/2018 amending the Act on Financial Undertakings 
No. 161/2002, by Act 70/2020 on the Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, 
and more recently, by the Hierarchy of Claims Act making further amendments to the Act on Financial 
Undertakings, the Recovery and Resolution Act and the Deposit Insurance and Insurance Schemes Act No. 
98/1999. 
Therefore, holders of Notes may be subject to any application of the resolution tools (such as the general 
bail-in tool) or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) on any application of the non-viability loss absorption 
measure, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes, or their rights 
in respect of the Notes and/or the value of their investment may otherwise be materially adversely affected. 
The exercise of any power under the BRRD, as implemented in Iceland, or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders of Notes, the price of value of their 
investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the relevant Notes. 
Furthermore, the resolution authorities will have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments 
(including the Notes) and other eligible liabilities or amend the amount of interest payable under such 
instruments (including the Notes) and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period. 
Under the Hierarchy of Claims Act, debt instruments that meet the following criteria will be considered as 
“senior non-preferred notes” (and Senior Non-Preferred Notes hereunder) and will rank lower than ordinary 
unsecured claims (including Senior Preferred Notes hereunder) in a winding up of the Issuer: (i) the original 
contractual maturity of the debt instrument is of at least one year, (ii) the debt instruments contain no 
embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves, and (iii) the relevant contractual documentation, 
and, where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance, explicitly refer to the lower ranking under the 
same paragraph. Moreover, all types of bank deposits will rank higher than ordinary unsecured claims. 
Under the Hierarchy of Claims Act: (i) any existing unsubordinated notes of the Issuer will rank pari passu 
with any Senior Preferred Notes of the Issuer; and (ii) existing unsubordinated notes of the Issuer and Senior 
Preferred Notes of the Issuer will rank senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Issuer. 
The Notes are unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision 
The Notes will be unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision. If the Issuer defaults 
on the Notes, or in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation or winding-up, then, to the extent 
that the Issuer has granted security over its assets, the assets that secure those obligations will be used to 
satisfy the obligations thereunder before the Issuer could sell or otherwise dispose of those assets in order to 
make payment on the Notes. As a result of the granting of such security, there may only be limited assets 
available to make payments on the Notes in the event of an acceleration of the Notes. In addition, the Issuer 
is able to issue other similar securities which do have the benefit of security which may impact on the market 
price of its securities, such as the Notes, which are unsecured. 
Noteholders may have limited rights in the event the Issuer is subject to winding-up proceedings 
It should be noted that there is currently some doubt regarding securities that are represented by global notes 
and the filing of claims against a financial institution, in the event an issuer becomes insolvent and is subject 
to winding-up proceedings.  In a judgment from 2011 regarding a debt issuance programme similar to this 
Programme, the Supreme Court held that the holder of the Global Note can file a claim against an estate, not 
beneficial owners of interests in the Global Note themselves.  As at the date hereof, investors should be 
aware that they may not be able to file a claim against the Issuer directly, should the Issuer become insolvent 
or become the subject of winding-up proceedings unless their interests in a Global Note have been 
exchanged for definitive Notes in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  This means that 
Noteholders may lose all rights attaching to their interests in a Global Note other than financial rights, i.e. 
rights to participate and vote in creditor meetings as well as other rights which they may have.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders (including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider and vote upon matters affecting 
their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of any of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law.  
Any such modification will be binding on all the Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English or Icelandic law or administrative 
practice 
Except for the provisions of Condition 3, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in 
effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes.  Condition 3 shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Icelandic law.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision 
or change to English or Icelandic law or administrative practice, as the case may be, after the date of issue of 
the relevant Notes.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
English or Icelandic law, as the case may be, or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
There are circumstances in which a court may apply Icelandic laws (or the laws of other jurisdictions) 
notwithstanding the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, to govern the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (or part thereof) 
Whilst the choice of English law or Icelandic law, as the case may be, as the governing law of parts of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes described above will generally be upheld as a valid choice by many 
courts, there will be circumstances in which the relevant choice may not be upheld or may, at least partially, 
be displaced.  There may, therefore, be circumstances in which Icelandic laws (for example capital or 
exchange control laws) or indeed the laws of another jurisdiction may be applied by a court notwithstanding 
the choice of English law to govern parts of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In particular (a) the English courts may give effect to the “overriding mandatory provisions” of the law of the 
country where the obligations arising out of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes have to be or have been 
performed, “insofar as those overriding mandatory provisions render the performance of the contract 
unlawful” (Article 9(3) of Regulation (EC) No. 593/2008 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
17 June 2008, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (Rome I)); and (b) there are 
circumstances in which reorganisation measures adopted by certain states in respect of credit institutions 
must be given effect to in other states pursuant to Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 4 April 2001 on the reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions (this directive is 
incorporated into English law by the Credit Institutions (Reorganisation and Winding Up) Regulations 
2004).   
As a result, there are circumstances in which a law other than English law or Icelandic law, as the case may 
be, may determine whether certain Terms and Conditions of the Notes are enforceable against the Issuer.  It

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
should be noted in this context that there may be circumstances in which proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be brought in courts other than the English 
courts and/or in which the English courts may refuse to hear proceedings brought before them. 
There may be circumstances in which courts may give judgments in ISK and/or in which a judgment of 
courts other than the Icelandic courts may not be enforceable in Iceland (or, if it is enforceable in Iceland, 
which may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK) 
There may be circumstances in which a court hearing a dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes may give judgment in ISK.  Further, judgments given by courts other 
than the Icelandic courts may not necessarily be enforceable against the Issuer in Iceland. Even if a judgment 
is enforceable in Iceland, the enforcement process may result in the judgment creditor receiving ISK.  
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a party to 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the Lugano Convention) as a Contracting State (as defined in 
the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a matter of law without a 
retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law of 
Iceland). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the United Kingdom and Iceland are not bound by any 
agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in 
relation to the Notes. The United Kingdom has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an 
independent contracting state, but the other contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not 
approved the application. As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes 
obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable 
in Iceland. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment 
rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as evidence 
of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to rehear the 
dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment's merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the 
enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  
In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell 
the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a 
holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a 
definitive Bearer Note in respect of such holding (should such Notes be printed) or issued and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its 
holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Bearer Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Bearer Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 (including the auditors' report thereon) (the 2019 Financial Statements) which can be viewed 
online at https://www.kvika.is/asset/2776/kvika-consolidated-financial-statements-31.12.2019.pdf; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 (including the auditors' report thereon) (the 2020 Financial Statements) which can be viewed 
online at https://www.kvika.is/asset/4143/kvika-consolidated-financial-statements-31-12-2020.pdf; 
and 
(iii) 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the nine months ended 30 
September 2021 which can be viewed online at https://www.kvika.is/asset/4466/kvika-condensed-
interim-consolidated-financial-statements-30.pdf; and 
(iv) 
the unaudited reviewed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 
June 2021 which can be viewed online at  https://www.kvika.is/asset/4372/kvika-condensed-interim-
consolidated-financial-statements-30.06.21.pdf.  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  The 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of listed Notes only 
and if appropriate, a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Kvika banki hf.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84  
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
Jefferies GmbH 
 
Kvika banki hf. 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time.  The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including 
the following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes of the 
prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, 
or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in (i) bearer form or (ii) registered form, in each 
case as described in “Form of the Notes”.  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes will not be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and, on redemption, will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published 
by 
the 
International 
Swaps 
and 
Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series), or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement); or 
 
(b) 
subject to the successor or alternative reference rate provisions in 
Condition 5.3, on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant Reset 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an initial fixed 
rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest 
will be reset on one or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap 
rate or a rate based on the yield for an identified government bond or 
certain government bonds (in each case relating to the relevant Specified 
Currency), and for a period equal to the Reset Period, in each case as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Reset Notes and will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interest on Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
Notes may be converted from one Interest Basis to another if so provided 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement.  
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (including, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event 
and, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, as the 
case may be) or pursuant to the Clean-up Redemption Option, in each 
case, upon giving notice to the Noteholders on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on (in the case of 
Exempt Notes only) such other terms as may in each case be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The terms of any such

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
redemption, including notice periods, any relevant conditions to be 
satisfied and the relevant redemption dates and prices will be indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
No early redemption of the Notes may take place without the prior written 
consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent such consent is 
required). See Condition 6.13.  
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year” above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA or the UK in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or 
the FSMA (as applicable) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for 
or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, 
except as required by law, as provided in Condition 8.  In the event that 
any such deduction is made, in the case of a payment of interest only, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8, 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Enforcement Events: 
The terms of the Notes will contain enforcement events relating only to 
non-payment (allowing a Noteholder to institute proceedings in Iceland in 
order to recover the amounts due from the Issuer to such Noteholder) and 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, provided that a Noteholder 
may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall rank 
pari passu among themselves and (subject to such mandatory exceptions 
as are from time to time applicable under Icelandic law) at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding and senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding.  
In relation to obligations required to be preferred by law, current 
Icelandic law provides that, in the event that the Issuer enters into 
winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings, the claims of the holders of the Notes and any relative 
Coupons will be subordinated to the claims of all of the Issuer's 
depositors.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute subordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves.  
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous 
proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims 
of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the 
Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i)         pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of 
the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer 
and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, any Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Issuer and (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Issuer.   
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. 
 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous 
proceedings over the Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims 
of the Noteholders against the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the 
Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with  present or future claims in respect of Parity 
Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior 
Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior 
Creditors.  
Subordinated Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: 
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 6.11 applies, if at any time a 
Tax Event or a Capital Event occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer may, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 6.13 (if, and to the extent so required), either substitute all,

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for, or vary their terms 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 17 from English law 
to Icelandic law) so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 6.11), as 
further provided in Condition 6.11.  
Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes –
Substitution or Variation  
Where the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement specify that Condition 6.12 applies, if at any time a 
Tax Event or an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, or to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, the Issuer may, subject to 
the provisions of 6.13 (if, and to the extent so required), either substitute 
all, but not some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes for, or vary their terms (including changing the governing 
law of Condition 17 from English law to Icelandic law) so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined 
in Condition 6.12), as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 
6.12. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to 
the net proceeds (in respect of (b) below) from each issue of Notes will, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, be:  
(a) 
used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or  
(b) 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Issuer's investments in Eligible Assets, as further 
described in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Issuer's 
Green Financing Framework dated October 2021 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time) (the Green 
Financing Framework) available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.kvika.is/asset/4429/green-financing-
1.7.pdf); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of 
proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Regulated Market. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or 
further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series.  Notes which are neither 
listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, except for the provisions of Condition  3 
which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic 
law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the EEA, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and 
Japan and such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2 and TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
herein, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
relevant Pricing Supplement (as defined herein).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in (i) bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached or (ii) 
registered form, without interest coupons attached.  
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary 
Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, a permanent global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) 
for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking SA (Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and, together with Euroclear, the International Central Securities Depositories or ICSDs); or 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will also indicate whether such Bearer Global 
Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the 
Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note, if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
Department regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it 
has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On or after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive 
definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any 
payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note, if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will specify that a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement Event (as defined in 
Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer determines that it has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Bearer Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the common depositary or the common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, on their behalf (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by 
the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE 
OF 1986, AS AMENDED.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note). Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a 
common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may 
be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully 
registered form. 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will specify whether or not 
such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
and therefore whether such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (the NSS).  Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during 
their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  Notes intended 
to be held under the NSS will be deposited with, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, one of 
the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper.  The common safekeeper for Notes held under the NSS will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
5.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the 
Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or 
deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 5.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Enforcement Event has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in 
definitive form.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an 
Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after 
the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code 
and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the 
same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be 
prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes 
of such Tranche.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain limited circumstances described in Condition 9.  
In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part 
thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and 
payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on the day immediately following such 
day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and 
subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 21 December 2021 and executed by 
the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event a new prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if 
appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
delivered to a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect 
participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes issued under the Programme 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 [Include unless the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”] 
[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended) (MiFID II)]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included if applicable]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
[4UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Details of any negative target market to be included 
if applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[5MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [MiFID II/Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II)]: EITHER6 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 7[(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate, (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market] [Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/'s] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]8.]]  
 
[9UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; EITHER10 [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 11[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
                                                     
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
5 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
6 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
7 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are 
not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
8 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
9 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
10 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
11 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute “complex” 
products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]12.]] 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed 
capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
[“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).] 
[Date] 
KVIKA BANKI HF.  
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2021 (the Base Prospectus) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to 
it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these Final Terms, the Prospectus Regulation)][the Prospectus 
Regulation].  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purpose of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been 
published on the website [of [the Issuer] at [] [and on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin]] and copies may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the registered office of the Issuer at Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland and from the offices of the 
Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, England.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Kvika banki hf.  
                                                     
12 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and from a single Series 
with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes this means the minimum 
integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
(N.B. Where Bearer Notes with multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
€199,000.”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  N.B. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate or reset rate - specify date/ 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR] +/- 
[  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [14][15][16][17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies, and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies]/[Not Applicable]  
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [18][19][20] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
(If Subordinated Notes include:) 
(i) 
[Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of Capital 
Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.3 applies/Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.11 applies/Not Applicable] 
(If Senior Non-Preferred or Senior 
Preferred Notes include:) 
(i) 
[Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.4 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.12 applies/Not Applicable]] 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[     ]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR] 
Relevant Time: [     ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/ 
Stockholm/Reykjavík] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR. For NIBOR, 
STIBOR 
and 
REIBOR, 
insert 
second 
[Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík] business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
 
[     ] 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[     ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [   ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[     ] 
(h) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
(i) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[   ] [and [    ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[   ] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[   ] 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate] 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(p) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg Maturity: 
[   ] 
- 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
-    
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate: 
 
 
[   ] per cent. 
-  
Reset 
Period 
Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
-    
Reset 
Period 
Maturity Initial Mid-
Swap Rate: 
[   ] per cent. 
-   
Last Observable Mid-
Swap 
Rate 
Final 
Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(r) 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(s) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(t) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(u) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent) 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
Each Note will be redeemed at its principal amount 
20. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(No Clean-up Redemption Option will be permitted prior to 
five years from the Issue Date with respect to Subordinated

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [     ] per cent.] 
(b) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice Period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Clean-up Redemption Date: 
[     ]  
(in the case of Subordinated Notes, the first Clean-up 
Redemption Date shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date)  
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification 
Event (as applicable): 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]] 
 
(N.B. The exchange of Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
Definitive Notes option is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes where the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000.”) 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-paragraph 
15(c) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
Signed on behalf of Kvika banki hf. : 
By: 
 ............................................................. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of Euronext Dublin] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin] 
with effect from [     ]] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[       ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued] [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended).] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The Notes constitute Green Financing Instruments 
and an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue 
of the Notes will be used to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, the Issuer's investments in Eligible 
Assets , as further described in the Issuer's Green 
Financing Framework dated October 2021 (as 
amended or supplemented from time to time) 
available on the Issuer's website] [For Green 
Financing Instruments only, include weblink for 
relevant 
framework 
and 
any 
other 
relevant

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
information] 
[Specify other] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] 
6. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION (Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes calculated by reference to  
benchmarks only) 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this 
term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of 
that regulation/the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply] such 
that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes, Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the 
NSS,] [include this text for Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]].  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Not Applicable]  
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(vi) 
TEFRA applicability: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[     ] has been extracted from [     ].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [     ], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.][Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”]13 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] [Include unless the Pricing Supplement specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”]14 
[MiFID II/ UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed 
capital markets products”]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
[“Excluded Investment Products”]/[“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
                                                     
13 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
14 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).] 
 [Date] 
KVIKA BANKI HF.  
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €500,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer.]15 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 21 December 2021 (the Base Prospectus) [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [    ] [and [    ]]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and copies may be obtained 
during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer at Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, 
Iceland and from the offices of the Principal Paying Agent at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB, England. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A).  Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs.  Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Kvika banki hf.  
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and from a single Series 
with [     ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 22 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [     ]]] [Not Applicable] 
                                                     
15 Include relevant legend wording here for the [EEA][and][UK] if the “Prohibition of Sales” legend and related selling restriction for that regime are 
not included/not specified to be “Applicable” (because the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, or a key information document will be 
prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[     ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes this means the minimum 
integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
(N.B. Where Bearer Notes with multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000.  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
€199,000.”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  N.B. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
 
[Fixed rate or reset rate - Specify date/ Floating Rate - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the [specify 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR] +/- 
[  ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
(see paragraph [14][15][16][17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal amount]/[specify 
other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date], 
paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies, and for the period from 
(and including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [14/15/16/17] applies]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph [18][19][20] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
 
 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
 
 
(If Subordinated Notes include: 
(i) Redemption upon occurrence of 
a Capital Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.3 applies/Not Applicable] 
(ii) Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.11 applies/Not Applicable] 
(If Senior Non-Preferred or Senior 
Preferred Notes include: 
(i) Redemption upon occurrence of 
an 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event: 
 
 
[Applicable – Condition 6.4 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Substitution or variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 6.12 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Date Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[     ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] [and [     ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B.  This will need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[specify other] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.) 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[None/give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/specify 
other] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[     ] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
 
Reference Rate: [     ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR/specify other] 
Relevant Time: [     ] in the Relevant Financial Centre 
Relevant Financial Centre: [London/Brussels/Oslo/ 
Stockholm/Reykjavík/specify other] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR. For NIBOR, 
STIBOR 
and 
REIBOR, 
insert 
second 
[Oslo/Stockholm/Reykjavík] business day prior to the start 
of each Interest Period) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
 
[     ] 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[     ]  
 
Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[     ] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
[specify other] 
(m) 
Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, 
[     ]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes, 
if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
16. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
((Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date:  
((Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[     ] 
(h) 
First Reset Date: 
[      ] 
(i) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[      ]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[      ] [and [     ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
(l) 
Relevant Time: 
[     ] 
(m) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
(n) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[Reference Bond]/[CMT Rate]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(o) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
(p) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Mean 
Mid-Swap 
Rate/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
- Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity: 
[     ] 
- Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Initial Mid-Swap Rate” 
immediately below) 
-   Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
 
[     ] per cent. 
- Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete “Reset Period Maturity Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate” immediately below) 
- 
Reset 
Period 
Maturity 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[     ] per cent. 
-  Last 
Observable 
Mid-
Swap Rate Final Fallback: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(r) 
First Reset Period Fallback 
Yield: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
Reference Bond or CMT Rate) 
(s) 
Fallback Relevant Time: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only applicable where the Reset Reference Rate is 
CMT Rate) 
(t) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(u) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring new issue date or maturity date in the case

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
of a long or short first or last coupon.)  
(v) 
Any other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest on Reset Notes, if 
different from those set out in 
the Conditions: 
[     ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent)

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
20. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(No Clean-up Redemption Option will be permitted prior to 
five years from the Issue Date with respect to Subordinated 
Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [     ] per cent.] 
(b) 
Clean-up 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice Period (if other than 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Clean-up Redemption Date: 
[     ]  
(in the case of Subordinated Notes, the first Clean-up 
Redemption Date shall be at least five years after the Issue 
Date)  
21. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification 
Event (as applicable): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
 
 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]] 
 
(N.B. The exchange of Temporary Bearer Global Note for 
Definitive Notes option is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes where the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 
in excess thereof up to and including €199,000.”) 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event]]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]]] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] [Not Applicable] 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of payment 
and not Interest Period end dates to which sub-paragraph 
15(c) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
25. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[     ] 
 
Signed on behalf of Kvika banki hf. : 
 
By: 
 ............................................................. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[[     ]/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify market – note this should not be a 
regulated 
market] 
with 
effect 
from 
[     ]]/Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable]  
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) and/or Transfer Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[     ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper, that is, held under the 
NSS,] [include this text for Registered Notes which are 
to be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the NSS [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS]]. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Not Applicable] 
3. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
[The Notes constitute Green Financing Instruments and 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Notes will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, the Issuer's investments in Eligible Assets , as 
further described in the Issuer's Green Financing 
Framework dated October 2021 (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time) available on the 
Issuer's website] [For Green Financing Instruments 
only, include weblink for relevant framework and any 
other relevant information] 
 [Specify other] 
4. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[     ] 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
TEFRA applicability: 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES  
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and 
definitive Note.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Kvika banki hf.  (the Issuer) pursuant to 
the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
In the case of Bearer Notes, references to Notes shall be deemed to include any Coupons.  
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) 
dated 21 December 2021 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacities as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent, and, together with any substitute or additional paying agents 
appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents) and Citibank Europe plc in its 
capacities as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and as transfer 
agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms (as defined below) or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement (as defined below), 
talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered 
Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. In the case of Definitive Bearer 
Notes only, any reference herein to Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Coupons. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes, (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are 
registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  
Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the Deed of 
Covenant) dated 21 December 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held 
by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and the other 
Paying Agents and the other Transfer Agents (such Agents and the Registrar being together referred to as the 
Agents).   
References herein to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (for the purposes of these Conditions, the Prospectus Regulation) or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be.  
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in (i) in the case of Notes other 
than Exempt Notes, Part A of a final terms document (Final Terms) attached to, endorsed on or otherwise 
deemed to apply to this Note which completes the Conditions or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, Part A of a 
pricing supplement (Pricing Supplement) attached to, endorsed on or otherwise deemed to apply to this 
Note which supplements, amends, modifies and replaces these Conditions and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or 
modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References herein to the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement are accordingly to Part A of the Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, (or the relevant provisions thereof) relating to the Notes. 
Copies of the Final Terms will, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin, be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  If 
the Notes are to be admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant listing 
authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are also available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and 
of the Principal Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, copies of the applicable Pricing Supplement may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and the offices of the Principal Paying Agent only by a Noteholder holding one 
or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity.   
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement 
will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1 
Form and denomination 
The Notes are either (i) in bearer form or (ii) in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and, in the case of definitive Notes, 
serially numbered, in each case in the Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s).  Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. Registered Notes may not be exchanged 
for Bearer Notes.  
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
depending upon the Status shown in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
1.2 
Title  
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and 
the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or as may otherwise be 
approved by the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Agency Agreement.  
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2.3 and 2.5 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or 
in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders 
must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of 
transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys 
duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required 
by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may 
from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 10 to the Agency 
Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be 
required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, 
or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of 
the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of a 
Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk 
of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
2.5 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a 
Registered Global Note of the same type at any time.  
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
3.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.1 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the 
Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under 
Icelandic law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding; and 
(ii) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
3.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 3.2 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the 
Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer (including, without 
limitation, any Subordinated Notes); and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer and (b) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
3.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” 
in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves. The Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 3.3(b). 
(b) 
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the 
Issuer by way of exercise of public authority, claims of the Noteholders against the Issuer in 
respect of, or arising under, the Notes (including any amounts attributable to the Notes and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations thereunder) shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior Creditors. 
3.4 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, claims in respect of any Notes held by a Noteholder may not be set-off, or 
be the subject of a counterclaim, by the relevant Noteholder against or in respect of any of its 
obligations to the Issuer or any other person and each Noteholder waives, and shall be treated for all 
purposes as if it had waived, any right that it might otherwise have to set-off, or to raise by way of 
counterclaim, any of its claims in respect of any Notes, against or in respect of any of its obligations 
to the Issuer or any other person. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder 
receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect of any Note by virtue of such set-
off or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on trust for the Issuer and shall pay the amount thereof to 
the Issuer or, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, to the liquidator of the Issuer, to be held on 
trust for the Senior Creditors. 
3.5 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Iceland giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor 
regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be);  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
CRD means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
CRD Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled 
by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer or the Group, as the 
case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards 
released by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may 
be amended or replaced from time to time); 
FSA means the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (Fjármálaeftirlitið) 
or such other agency of Iceland which assumes or performs the functions which are performed by 
such authority;  
Hierarchy of Claims Act means Act No. 38/2021, which amended Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery 
and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, and was passed by the Icelandic 
Parliament on 4 May 2021 and subsequently enacted into law; 
Junior Securities means all classes of share capital of the Issuer and any present or future 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes;  
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be; 
Parity Securities means any present or future instruments issued by the Issuer which were eligible 
to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital at issue by the Relevant Regulator, any guarantee, indemnity or 
other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Issuer in respect of securities (regardless of 
name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of the Issuer which were eligible to be recognised as 
Tier 2 Capital at issue and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other 
contractual support arrangements entered into by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, 
pari passu therewith, but, in each case, excluding Junior Securities; 
Relevant Regulator means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) (i) (in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes) the FSA and (ii) (in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Resolution Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland and/or such 
other authority tasked with matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Issuer or the 
Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations;  
Senior Creditors means (a) the depositors of the Issuer; (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer); and (c) 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer in respect of any present or future obligation of the Issuer which 
by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution, winding-up 
of, or analogous proceedings over the Issuer, by way of exercise of public authority, to the claims of

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, but which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, senior to Parity Securities and Junior Securities;  
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking;  
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking for senior non-preferred notes or senior non-
preferred debt instruments as described in Article 85 (a) of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended by the Hierarchy of Claims Act, 
that expressly provides that, upon the insolvency of a financial institution regulated under Act No. 
70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, such senior non-
preferred notes or senior non-preferred debt instruments will rank below other unsubordinated and 
unsecured liabilities with higher priority ranking of the financial institution; and in addition, with 
respect to Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities that constitute Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the ranking 
set forth in Condition 3.2; and 
Tier 2 Capital means Tier 2 capital as described in Article 84(c) of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings and secondary legislation adopted on the basis of that act, as amended or replaced.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the period from (and including) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, each date (each such date, together with each Specified 
Interest Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar 
month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (b) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the TARGET2 System) is open; and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for 
an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions  as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service 
which displays the information) as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subclause (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of subclause (B) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, the Principal Paying Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Principal Paying Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in Euro-zone 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the inter-bank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant 
Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; and, in the case of a 
determination of a Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of four major banks in the inter-bank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre, in each case selected by the Issuer. 
Reference Rate shall mean (i) the Eurozone interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), (ii) the 
Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), (iii) the Stockholm interbank offered rate 
(STIBOR), or (iv) the Reykjavík interbank offered rate (REIBOR), in each case for the 
relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, subject as provided in Condition 4.3. 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean (i) Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, (ii) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (iii) Stockholm, in the case 
of a determination of STIBOR, or (iv) Reykjavík, in the case of a determination of REIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement. 
Relevant Screen Page shall mean the screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or such other page, section or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of (i) displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate or, (ii) 
displaying rates or yields (as the case may be) for the relevant Reset Reference Rate, as the 
case may be. 
Relevant Time shall mean the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify a 
Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above 
is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement specify a 
Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above 
is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/365” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then 
the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
4.3 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
(a) 
the Notes are Reset Notes and Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the Reset Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
the Notes are Floating Rate Notes and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined,  
and, in each case, if Reference Rate Replacement is also specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, then the provisions of this 
Condition 4.3 shall apply.   
If notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(ii) or Condition 4.4(b), the Issuer determines 
that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or any component thereof) remains 
to be determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser with a view to the Issuer determining: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than the relevant IA Determination Cut-off 
Date, for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.3 during any other future 
Interest Period(s)); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 4.3: 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
be the Original Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3); 
(B) 
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(x) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
4.3); or 
(y) 
is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, an Adjustment Spread, then the relevant Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without an

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Adjustment Spread for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3); and 
(C) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may in its discretion specify: 
(x) 
other changes to these Conditions which it determines are reasonably 
necessary in order to follow market practice in relation to the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or any 
Adjustment Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (1) the 
Additional Business Centre(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Reset Reference Rate, 
Reference Banks, Reset Reference Banks, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Relevant Screen Page, Relevant Time and/or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the 
fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is not 
available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the 
proper operation and comparability to the Original Reference Rate of such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable),  
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 4.3); and 
(D) 
promptly following the determination of (x) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (y) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective 
date thereof) pursuant to Condition 4.3(ii)(C) to the Principal Paying Agent and 
each stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14.   
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) described in this Condition 4.3 or such 
other relevant changes pursuant to Condition 4.3(ii), including for the execution of any documents or 
the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not 
determined pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4.3 prior to the relevant IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be determined by reference to 
the fallback provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(ii) or Condition 4.4(b) (as applicable). 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Condition 4.3, no Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made 
pursuant to this Condition 4.3 if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities or result in the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes only, notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3, no 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no 
other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.3 if, and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.3 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.3. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied 
to the relevant Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation has been made 
or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if neither (i) nor (ii) above applies, the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines to be 
appropriate; 
Alternative Reference Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate that the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the 
component part thereof) in respect of debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable duration:  
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, to the relevant Interest Periods; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes, to the relevant Reset Periods, 
or in any case, if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that there is no such rate, such other rate 
as it determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist or be administered; or  
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (iv) (A); or 
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (v)(A); or 
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as 
applicable, become unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent or any of the parties to the 
Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to the Noteholders using the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used; 
IA Determination Cut-off Date means: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, in any Interest Period, the date that is no later than five 
Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the immediately following 
Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
if the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as Mid-Swap Rate, in any Reset Period, the date that is no 
later than five Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Reset Period;  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under Applicable MREL Regulations;  
Original Reference Rate means:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) of the  
Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate which has been determined in 
relation to such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this 
Condition 4.3; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such Original Reference Rate 
relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of such Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Reference Rate means the rate that the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate, which successor or replacement is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
4.4 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(a) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date (the Initial Period), at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(b) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(c) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at 
the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of each Interest Period falling in the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of interest on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so 
specified.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of 
Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of Interest for 
such Reset Period.  
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the 
Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Reset Notes Interest Amount) 
payable on the Reset Notes for any period by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding.  
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If the Reset Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement as Mid-Swap Rate and if on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the Reset Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will, subject as 
provided in Condition 4.3, as applicable, be determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the 
following basis: 
(a) 
the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the 
Principal Paying Agent  with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in question; 
(b) 
if at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with the 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum of (A) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent; 
(c) 
if only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal 
to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations 
provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent; 
(d) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the sum

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent; 
(e) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with a Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.4, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) will 
be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant Reset Reference Rate determined on the last 
preceding Reset Determination Date and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case of the 
first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will be equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
if Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) the 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin;  
(ii) 
if Reset Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being 
applicable, (A) the Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin; or 
(iii) 
if Last Observable Mid-Swap Rate Final Fallback is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable, (A) 
the last observable rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period which appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, 
all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent.  
(c) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 4.4(c) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement as being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted by the Principal Paying Agent from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement to a 
basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes 
(such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it). 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Principal Paying Agent will cause the relevant Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest Period falling in 
such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on 
which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day (as defined in 
Condition 4.2(f)) thereafter. Each Reset Notes Interest Amount so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction has the meaning given in Condition 4.2(d); 
Fallback Relevant Time has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement;  
Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York at http://www.newyork fed.org, or any successor source; 
First Reset Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Period Fallback Yield means the yield specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and, if applicable, subject to 
Condition 4.4(b) and 4.4(c), the rate of interest determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the First 
Reset Margin; 
H.15 means the weekly statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, 
published 
by 
the 
Board 
of 
Governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or any successor site or publication; 
Interest Period has the meaning given in Condition 4.2(a); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means, subject as provided in Condition 4.3, if applicable, for any Reset 
Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Issuer) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (calculated on the day 
count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Issuer); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR (if the Specified Currency is euro); 
NIBOR (if the Specified Currency is Norwegian Kroner); STIBOR (if the Specified Currency is 
Swedish Krona); REIBOR (if the Specified Currency is króna) or (in the case of any other Specified 
Currency) the benchmark rate most closely connected with such Specified Currency and selected by 
the Issuer, subject as provided in Condition 4.4, if applicable;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. In the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or 
monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Reference Bond means, in relation to any Reset Period, a government security or securities issued 
by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, 
shall be Germany), as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international 
repute, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable maturity to such Reset Period;  
Reference Bond Quotation means, in relation to a Reset Reference Bank and a Reset 
Determination Date: 
(a) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent of the bid and offered yields for the relevant Reference Bond 
provided to the Principal Paying Agent by such Reset Reference Bank at approximately the 
Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(b) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the rate, as determined by the Issuer, of the 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield-to-maturity based on the secondary 
market bid price of such Reset Reference Bank for the relevant Reset United States Treasury 
Security at approximately the Fallback Relevant Time on the United States Government 
Securities Business Day following such Reset Determination Date; 
Relevant Reset Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or 
the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Reset Period; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Maturity Initial Mid-Swap Rate has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date 
in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) determined on 
the basis of the Reference Bond Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Principal 
Paying Agent at approximately: 
(a) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Time on such Reset 
Determination Date; or

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(b) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Fallback Relevant Time on the United States 
Government Securities Business Day following such Reset Determination Date. 
If at least three such Reference Bond Quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the Reference Bond Quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two Reference Bond Quotations are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the 
Reference Bond Quotations provided. If fewer than two Reference Bond Quotations are provided, 
the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the relevant Reset Period will be (i) in the case of each Reset 
Period other than the First Reset Period, the Reset Reference Bank Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Period, the First Reset 
Period Fallback Yield;  
Reset Reference Banks means:  
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities 
or other market most closely connected with the relevant Reset Reference Rate; 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks which are primary 
government securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in the Specified Currency; or 
(c) 
if CMT Rate is specified as the Reset Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, five major banks which are primary United 
States Treasury Securities dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues 
denominated in U.S. dollars, as published on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's 
Website,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer. 
Reset Reference Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 4.3 
and Condition 4.4(b), if applicable: 
(a) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement: 
(i)  
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is further specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per 
cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent; or 
(b) 
if Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement: 
(i) 
if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the bid and offered yields of the relevant Reference Bond, as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page 
at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii) 
if (i) a Relevant Screen Page is so specified and such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page at such Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date or 
(ii) a Relevant Screen Page is not so specified, the Reset Reference Bank Rate on 
such Reset Determination Date; or 
(c) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement and if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the rate which is equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for United States Treasury 
Securities at “constant maturity” for a designated maturity which is equal or 
comparable to the duration of the relevant Reset Period, as published in H.15 under 
the caption “Treasury constant maturities (nominal)”, as that yield is displayed on 
such Reset Determination Date, on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above is not published by the Relevant Time 
on the Relevant Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, the Original Reset 
Reference Rate Payment Basis yield for the United States Treasury Securities at 
“constant maturity” having a period to maturity which is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset Period as published in H.15 under the caption 
“Treasury constant maturities (nominal)” on such Reset Determination Date; or 
(iii) 
if neither the yield referred to in paragraph (i) above nor the yield referred to in 
paragraph (ii) above is published on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Determination Date,  
in each case, all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent;

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Reset United States Treasury Security means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date, the 
United States Treasury Security: 
(a) 
with an original term to maturity upon issue of approximately the duration of the relevant 
Reset Period and a remaining term to maturity of not less than one year less than the duration 
of the relevant Reset Period; and  
(b) 
which is in a principal amount equal to at least U.S.$1,000,000,000; 
Subsequent Reset Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the 
Maturity Date, as the case may be;  
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and, if 
applicable, subject to Condition 4.4(b) and Condition 4.4(c), the rate of interest determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Reset 
Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin;  
United States Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday 
or a day on which, due to a recommendation of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or its successor), the fixed income departments of its members are closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
United States Treasury Securities means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount basis. 
4.5 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of Condition 4.2 and 4.4 by an 
Independent Adviser, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents (each if applicable) and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or such Independent 
Adviser (each if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.6 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); 
and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive 
Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the 
sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to 
be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on 
such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, 
at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due 
date.  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a Designated Account or 
(b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than €100,000 (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the 
Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below).  For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non 
resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank 
and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which 
processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before 
the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date) 
at his address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk.  Upon application of the 
holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect 
of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided 
in the preceding paragraph.  Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future 
payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which 
become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is 
notified in writing to the contrary by such holder.  Payment of the interest due in respect of each 
Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount 
of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer and the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
5.5 
General provisions applicable to payments  
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
5.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement; or 
(iii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET 2 System is open. 
5.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Clean-up Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6.7(b)); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, if as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer:  
(i) 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 7; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, would not be entitled to claim a full tax 
deduction in a Tax Jurisdiction in respect of such payment; and  
(b) 
(in the case of paragraph (a)(i) above) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
(each a Tax Event) provided that (in the case of paragraph (a)(i) above) no such notice of 
redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that a Tax Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.   
The Issuer undertakes that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will only be 
made in compliance with all the requirements set out herein including, but not limited to, all 
payments being made in the Specified Currency. 
6.3 
Redemption upon a Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes in relation to which this Condition 6.3 is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, if a Capital Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.  
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meaning: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Iceland and applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and those 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the 
Relevant Regulator (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law 
and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);    
Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Relevant 
Regulator, that, as a result of a change (or any pending change which the Relevant Regulator 
considers sufficiently certain) in Icelandic law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change (or 
any pending change which the Relevant Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in the official 
application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche 
of the Notes, the Notes are or, as the case may be, will be excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group, provided that: (i) such exclusion is not as a result of any 
applicable limitation on such capital and (ii) the Issuer satisfies the Relevant Regulator that such 
exclusion was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the Notes;   
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; and 
Subsidiaries means any entity whose affairs are required by law or in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles applicable in Iceland to be consolidated in the Issuer's consolidated 
accounts. 
6.4 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6.4 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
relation to which this Condition 6.4 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or 
(in the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement, and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” 
in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption.  
In the Conditions, MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer that, as a 
result of a change in any Applicable MREL Regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully excluded or partially excluded from the 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any MREL Requirement 
(however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Issuer or the Group is then 
or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement; provided that a MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (i) the remaining 
maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria 
under the Applicable MREL Regulations, (ii) the Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or (iii) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or 
successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded.  
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Issuer may, save as 
provided below, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to (i) the 
Principal Paying Agent and (ii) in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement.   
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be 
selected: 
(i) 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes; or

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
(ii) 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the 
records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note,  
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the Selection Date).   
In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption.  No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the 
period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 6.5 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
The Issuer undertakes that any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6.5 will only be 
made in compliance with all the requirements set out herein including, but not limited to, all 
payments being made in the Specified Currency. 
6.6 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-up Redemption Option) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, if Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, in the 
event that at least 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in 
the case of Exempt Notes) the Pricing Supplement of the initial aggregate principal amount of a 
particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional notes issued  
subsequently pursuant to Condition 15 and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries, and in each case, cancelled (the Clean-up Percentage), the Issuer may, at its option, 
having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to (i) the 
Principal Paying Agent and (ii) in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem in 
whole, but not in part, the Notes then outstanding on the Clean-up Redemption Date and at the 
Clean-up Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Clean-up Redemption Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, no Clean-up Redemption Option shall be permitted prior to five years from their Issue Date.  
6.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2, Condition 6.3 and Condition 6.4, each Note will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement or, if no such amount or 
manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement, at its nominal amount; or

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement which will be either (i) 30/360 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of 
a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days form (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and payable and the denominator will be 365). 
6.8 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6.13, the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such 
Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
6.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.8 above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith), shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying 
Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 6.1, 6.2, 6.3, 6.4 or 6.5 above is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 6.7(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
6.11 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 6.11 applies only to Subordinated Notes and “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this 
Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If Condition 6.11 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, and at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs, or to 
ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the provisions of Condition 
6.13, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes (including 
changing the governing law of Condition 17 from English law to Icelandic law) so that they remain, 
or, as appropriate, become, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, provided that such substitution or 
variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the substituted or varied 
securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to substitute or, as the case 
may be, vary the terms of the Notes, have occurred. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 17 to Icelandic law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) have 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, 
as the case may be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements of the FSA in relation to 
Tier 2 Capital; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date, and (vi) where Notes which have been substituted or varied 
had a published solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution 
or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an 
equal or higher published solicited rating to the relevant Qualifying Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; and 
Rating Agency means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or its successor.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
6.12 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 6.12 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
“Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If Condition 6.12 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, and at any time a MREL Disqualification Event or a Tax Event 
occurs, or to ensure the effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 6.13, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes 
(including changing the governing law of Condition 17 from English law to Icelandic law) so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities (as defined below), as the case may be. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to substitute or, as the case 
may be, vary the terms of the Notes, have occurred. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 17 to Icelandic law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) have the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) have the same 
redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may 
be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date; (vi) where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published solicited 
rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published solicited rating to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities, and 
(vii) not include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or 
conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer; and 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(a) 
other than in the case of a change to governing law of Condition 17 to Icelandic law in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) include a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Notes prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) have the 
same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the prior to such substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) have the same 
redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may 
be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL Regulations; (v) 
preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid 
in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date; (vi) where the Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published solicited 
rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher 
published solicited rating to the relevant Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, and (vii) not 
include any loss absorbing provisions such as principal write-offs, write-downs or 
conversion to equity, unless the triggers are objective and measurable; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Issuer. 
6.13 
Consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under 
Condition 6.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 6.11, shall take place without the prior 
written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent then required by the Relevant 
Regulator). In addition, in respect of any redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 
6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 only, and except to the extent the Relevant Regulator no longer requires, the Issuer 
may only redeem such Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes if 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the circumstance that 
entitles it to exercise such right of redemption was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of 
the last Tranche of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Subordinated Notes under 
Condition 6.1 shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator.  
In the case of Senior Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, no early redemption in any 
circumstances, purchase under Condition 6.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 6.12, shall 
take place without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent then 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulations). For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Senior 
Preferred and Senior Non-Preferred Notes under Condition 6.1 shall not require the consent of the 
Relevant Regulator. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law.  In such event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts (Additional Amounts) as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:  
(a) 
presented for payment in Iceland; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an Additional Amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.6); or 
(d) 
on account of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld 
by reason of the application of Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any successor 
provisions), any regulation, pronouncement or agreement thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any intergovernmental agreement or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, whether currently in effect or as published and amended from time to time. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
Pursuant to point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Icelandic Act No 90/2003 on Income Tax 
(the Icelandic Income Tax Act), non-Icelandic residents are not subject to tax on any interest 
income derived by them from the Notes and Coupons provided the Notes are registered with a 
securities depository within the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the  
European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade Association or the Faroe Islands 
(any such securities depository, an Eligible Securities Depository) and the Issuer registers the Notes 
with the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that any Notes 
are registered and accepted for clearance with an Eligible Securities Depository (which would 
include Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) and to register any Notes with the Directorate of 
Internal Revenue in Iceland on or prior to the Issue Date of the Notes and to obtain a certificate of 
exemption in respect thereof. In the event that such exemption to the Icelandic Income Tax Act is 
forfeited, suspended or revoked as a result of the Issuer failing to register the Notes as aforesaid or 
the Notes being in definitive form and held outside an Eligible Securities Depository or the Notes 
otherwise ceasing to be registered with an Eligible Securities Depository or for any other reason and 
any payment in respect of the Notes is accordingly subject to withholding or deduction pursuant to 
the Icelandic Income Tax Act, the Issuer will pay such Additional Amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of  interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction (and the exceptions set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall not be 
applicable).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (in whatever form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
The following events or circumstances (each an Enforcement Event) shall constitute enforcement 
events in relation to the Notes: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or 
any of them and the default continues for a period of three days in the case of principal and 
seven days in the case of interest, any Noteholder may, at its own discretion and without 
further notice, institute proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the 
Issuer to such Noteholder, provided that a Noteholder may not at any time file for 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. Any Noteholder may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any 
obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the 
Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or 
sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it; and 
(b) 
if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, then the Notes shall become due and payable at their outstanding principal 
amount together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional 
Paying Agents or Transfer Agents is appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such 
agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.5.  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to become the successor agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on 
the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given 
on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to 
the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in Schedule 5, Part 1 of the Agency Agreement) of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons 
or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant 
in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution 
passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the 
relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each 
case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency 
Agreement which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as 
practicable thereafter.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Any modification to the Conditions is subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator (if 
such permission is then required by the Applicable Banking Regulations and/or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations, as applicable). 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes, or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between any of the parties thereto or between the Issuer and any 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes), each Noteholder by its purchase of the Notes will be deemed to acknowledge, 
accept, and agree, that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents to and agrees to be bound by:  
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of 
the following, or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and 
the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity date of the Notes or the amendment of 
the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest become 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
In the Conditions the following expressions shall have the following meaning:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Relevant Amounts means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes pursuant to Condition 7. References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been 
paid, prior to the exercise of any applicable Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the resolution authority with the ability to exercise any 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers in relation to the Issuer; and 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers mean any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related powers existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with (i) any statutory regime implemented or directly effective in Iceland which 
provides any Relevant Resolution Authority with the powers to implement loss absorption measures 
in respect of capital instruments (such as the Notes), including, but not limited to any regime which 
is implemented pursuant to, or which otherwise contains provisions analogous to, the BRRD and (ii) 
the instruments, rules and standards created under any such regime, pursuant to which any obligation 
of the Issuer can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes 
and the Coupons, are and shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law, 
except for Condition 3 which shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as 
to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of 
their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and 
any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
This Condition 18.2(c) is for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders only.  To the 
extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or 
Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
18.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Kvika Securities Ltd. as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and undertakes that, in the event of Kvika 
Securities Ltd. ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
18.4 
Waiver of immunity 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives with respect to the Notes and the Coupons 
any right to claim sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction or execution and any similar 
defence and irrevocably and unconditionally consents to the giving of any relief or the issue of any 
process, including without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property 
whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in 
connection with any Dispute. 
18.5 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of 
the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to 
those set out above.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds (in respect of (a) and (c) below) or an amount equal to the net proceeds (in respect of (b) 
below) from each issue of Notes will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) Pricing Supplement, be: 
(a) 
used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Green Financing Instruments, used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, the 
Issuer’s investments in Eligible Assets, as further described in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement and the Green Financing Framework dated October 2021 
(as amended or supplemented from time to time) (https://www.kvika.is/asset/4429/green-financing-
1.7.pdf); or 
(c) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
Green Financing Instruments 
In respect of (b) above, the Green Financing Framework describes the Eligible Assets to which an amount 
equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of Green Financing Instruments may be allocated. The Green 
Financing Framework is based on the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles from 2021.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing 
Supplement, the Green Financing Framework provides that the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the Green Financing Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, 
sustainability loans, equity, and/or projects, investments and expenditures located predominantly in Iceland, 
as determined by the Issuer in accordance with the project categories identified in the Green Financing 
Framework, all referred to as ‘Eligible Assets’.  
As set out in the Green Financing Framework, the following project categories are eligible: (i) clean 
transportation; (ii) green buildings; and (iii) renewable energy.  
Governance: project evaluation and selection 
Loan and/or investment activity may also be subject to the Issuer’s detailed credit and internal compliance 
processes. The Issuer’s credit committee is responsible for final loan and investment approval, as well as 
confirming that a loan and/or an investment proposal complies with the Issuer’s policy on responsible 
lending and investments.  The pre-selection of Eligible Assets is validated quarterly by the Issuer’s 
sustainability committee. The Issuer’s credit committee may however seek the validation of the sustainability 
committee of Eligible Assets that are subject to the Issuer´s detailed credit and internal compliance processes 
more frequently. The sustainability committee is responsible for screening the Issuer’s Eligible Asset Pool, 
based on the criteria set forth under each project category, in the Green Financing Framework. The Issuer 
may obtain an opinion from external sustainability advisors, as needed with the screening. 
Management of proceeds and reporting 
The Issuer’s portfolio of Eligible Assets will be documented by its risk management in the Issuer´s register, 
subject to a quarterly internal review by the Issuer’s sustainability committee, to match Eligible Assets with 
the Issuer’s outstanding Green Financing Instruments. In the case of divestment or if a project no longer 
meets the Eligible Asset Criteria, the Issuer will reallocate the funds to other existing Eligible Assets as soon

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
as practically possible. Any portion of the net proceeds of Green Financing Instruments that have not been 
allocated to Eligible Assets will be held in accordance with the Issuer’s liquidity management policy, in a 
portfolio consisting of cash and/or cash equivalents, and/or other liquid marketable instruments. 
The Issuer aims to align the timing of the reporting with other annual sustainability reporting of the Issuer 
and will publish the report on its website.  
None of the Dealers, the Arranger, any of its affiliates or any other person mentioned in this Base Prospectus 
makes any representation as to the suitability of such Green Financing Instruments to fulfil environmental 
and sustainability criteria required by any prospective investors. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or any of 
its affiliates shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Assets, (ii) any verification of whether 
the Eligible Assets falls within an investor‘s requirements or expectations of a “green” or “sustainable” or 
equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any Green 
Financing Instruments. 
External Reviews 
The Issuer also applies the recommendation to use the services of an independent external second opinion 
provider (the Second Party Opinion). A Second Party Opinion has been obtained on the Green Financing 
Framework from the Second Party Opinion provider Sustainalytics, assessing the sustainability of the Green 
Financing Framework and its alignment with the ICMA Green Bond Principles from 2021. It is available on 
the Issuer’s website (https://www.kvika.is/asset/4428/kvika-bank-green-financing-framework-second-party-
opinion_october.pdf). Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion, to 
be provided following an amendment to the Green Financing Framework, the publication of a new Green 
Financing Framework or in application of any new legislation or regulation, will be made available on the 
Issuer’s website.  
An independent assurance provider will provide on an annual basis limited assurance that an amount equal to 
the net proceeds has been allocated to sustainable loans which will be published on the Issuer’s website.  
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including https://www.kvika.is/en/investor-
relations/green-financing-framework  and https://www.kvika.is/asset/4428/kvika-bank-green-financing-
framework-second-party-opinion_october.pdf, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus, unless 
specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or 
deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
ICELAND AND FINANCIAL MARKETS 
Iceland 
Iceland is an island, located in the North Atlantic next to Norway, Scotland and Greenland. It is the second 
largest island in Europe and the third largest in the Atlantic Ocean, with a land area of approximately 
103,000 square kilometres, and is the most sparsely populated country in Europe.  Iceland’s capital and 
largest city is Reykjavík which, along with the surrounding municipalities in the southwest of the country, is 
home to nearly two-thirds of Iceland’s 368,79216 person population. The official language of Iceland is 
Icelandic. 
Iceland is a constitutional republic with a multi-party parliamentary system of government. Legislative 
power is vested in the parliament and executive power is vested in a cabinet headed by a prime minister. The 
president is the head of state and is elected for a term of four years by a direct vote of the electorate. Over the 
past thirty years, the participation of women in politics has increased significantly, and their share of seats in 
Parliament has increased from 15 per cent.  to roughly 47 per cent.  in the most recent parliamentary 
elections. Iceland is a member of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD). It is also a party to a number of other multinational organisations, including the 
Nordic Council and the Council of Europe. Iceland joined the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) in 
1970 and is a member of the EEA, which is a 26-nation free-trade zone of the EU and the EFTA countries. 
Iceland is also a contracting party to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and ratified the agreement 
establishing the World Trade Organisation (WTO) in December 1994. 
Iceland has a market economy with relatively low taxes, compared to other OECD countries, as well as the 
highest trade union membership in the world. It maintains a Nordic social welfare system that guarantees its 
citizens universal health, education, and a high degree of social security. The standard of education is high, 
and public education is compulsory between the ages of 6 and 16. Good command of English and the 
Scandinavian languages is widespread. Education is offered free of charge or for a nominal fee at three 
levels. Iceland ranks first on the Global Peace Index and runs almost completely on renewable energy. 
The Economy 
The Icelandic economy is an open and developed economy, often grouped with neighbouring Scandinavia 
due to its free market economy combined with a welfare state. In the first half of the twentieth century, 
Iceland was one of the least affluent countries in Western Europe but has seen tremendous growth over the 
decades and has consistently ranked among nations with the highest standard of living in the world. This 
success can be traced to attributes such as a strong institutional framework, skilled workforce, high degree of 
economic freedom and a sound democracy. 
The Icelandic economy is the smallest within the OECD, mainly reflecting the country’s small population. 
Small, open economies tend to be more volatile than larger economies, due to a lack of diversification, and 
historically this has been the case for Iceland, which has experienced more pronounced business cycles than 
many other developed economies. The years surrounding the 2008 financial crisis were no exception. 
Economic growth was unparalleled among high income countries in the four years leading up to the crisis, at 
6.5 per cent. per annum. Conversely, the Icelandic economy suffered a contraction of over 10 per cent. in the 
two years following the onset of the financial crisis.  
Iceland differs in its composition from the Euro area, its largest trading partner. The Icelandic public sector 
is larger, highlighting high government spending in Iceland. There is also more construction and 
urbanisation, largely due to increasing population growth. However, industry and various services are 
relatively smaller in Iceland. Since 2010, the tourism sector has grown rapidly, from constituting 3.7 per 
cent. of GDP in 2011, to accounting for 8 per cent. of GDP in 2019. Since the beginning of the pandemic in 
                                                     
16 As of 1 January 2021.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
2020, GDP growth has slowed down. Decreases in activities related to travel bookings, air transport, 
accommodation and restaurants resulted in a contraction in the tourism sector amounting to 3.9 per cent. of 
GDP in 2020. Nearly half of jobs in this sector were lost by the end of 2020. 
The Icelandic labour market is highly unionised with collective bargaining agreements covering roughly 90 
per cent. of the workforce, which is one of the highest ratios globally. That, along with strong economic 
growth, has led to a substantial increase in wages in recent years. The state of the labour market in Iceland 
has improved significantly since the pandemic struck. In August 2021, the unemployment rate decreased to 
the pre-pandemic level of 5.1 per cent. 
Iceland had a GDP of ISK 2,941 billion in 2020, which saw a 6.5 per cent. contraction from 2019, after an 
average annual growth of 4.4 per cent. for the previous five years. GDP growth is forecast to measure  4 per 
cent. for 2021 and 5.1 per cent. for 2022, fuelled by COVID-19 recovery. 
The CBI operates an inflation targeting policy with a 2.5 per cent.  inflation target. During the COVID-19 
crisis, the CBI’s policy rate reached a historical low of 0.75 per cent. Inflation, however, has been a cause for 
worry and remains at 4.5 per cent., forcing the CBI to hike rates as late as 17 November  2021 to 2.0 per 
cent. Policy rates at the moment remain below Iceland’s long term average but are expected to rise further if 
inflation remains persistent. The main drivers of rising inflation during 2021 are related to increasing 
domestic demand. According to the CBI’s forecast in August this year, the inflation in 2021 is expected to be 
4.2 per cent. and is expected to align with  target inflation in the third quarter of 2022. Inflation is expected 
to measure 2.8 per cent. in 2022. 
Residential housing prices have risen due to increased demand, particularly for single-family homes and they 
have risen as much as 18 per cent. year-on-year in the capital region. Those increases are expected to slow 
down over the next months, at least partly owing to implementation of macro prudential tools in the housing 
market. However, demand is expected to outperform supply in the coming years, as evidence shows that 
more construction is needed in the coming years, putting additional pressure on prices. 
 
The key challenges for Iceland going forward will be increasing the diversification of its economy, 
specifically exports, and improve productivity in the domestic sector, which is low compared to 
neighbouring economies. The current government has placed an emphasis on infrastructure spending to meet 
demand by increasing tourism, strengthening the education system and innovating to make the economy 
better equipped to meet challenges in the coming years. 
The Financial System 
The Icelandic financial system is governed by the CBI, an independent institution, operating under the Prime 
Minister and owned by the State. The main objective of the CBI is to promote price and financial stability, 
along with keeping financial activities secure. In 2001, the CBI converted from an exchange rate targeting 
policy to an inflation target policy, defined as a 12-month inflation rate, at 2.5 per cent., with a deviation 
band of 1.5 per cent.  
The Prime Minister appoints the Governor and three Deputy Governors for a term of five years. Deputy 
Governors manage matters relating to monetary policy, financial stability and financial supervision. 
Decisions on the application of the CBI’s monetary policy instruments are taken by the Monetary Policy 
Committee (MPC), which consists of five individuals, while the decisions on the application of the CBI’s 
financial stability policy instruments are taken by the Financial Stability Committee (FSN), consisting of 
seven individuals. Following a new bill on the CBI, it merged with the Financial Supervisory Authority in 
January 2020 and therefore financial supervision is now part of the CBI’s role. The Financial Supervision 
Committee makes decisions entrusted to the Financial Supervisory Authority by law or governmental 
directives.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
At year-end 2020, the total assets in the Icelandic credit system, defined as the banking system, pension 
funds, insurance companies, mutual funds, investment and institutional funds, State loan funds, and other 
credit institutions, amounted to roughly 4.5 times Iceland’s GDP. Pension funds have the largest share, at 
around 43 per cent. of the assets of the credit system. 
The Icelandic pension fund system consists of pension funds for public employees, on the one hand, and a 
number of occupational pension funds, on the other. Membership of pension funds is mandatory, and all 
wage earners and employers pay contributions to the funds. By and large, it is a funded system, with about 
90 per cent. of assets being held by coinsurance divisions, and about 10 per cent. (which consist of third-
pillar pension savings) held in custody by pension funds. At the end of 2020, there were 24 pension funds 
operating in Iceland. Since the financial crisis in 2008, pension fund assets have increased significantly, 
owing to improved returns, robust employment growth, and rising wages. Relative to GDP, Iceland’s 
pension funds are the second-largest in the OECD, second only to the Netherlands. The pension funds’ 
largest asset classes are marketable bonds and bills, and stocks and unit share certificates. Iceland’s pension 
funds also participate in lending activity within the financial system, granting mainly housing-related loans 
to fund members. 
The banking system is highly concentrated and mainly consists of three universal banks: Arion banki hf., 
Íslandsbanki hf. and Landsbankinn hf., all of which are defined as domestic systemically important banks 
and account for 97 per cent.  of banking system assets. The Issuer and a few smaller savings banks and 
financial institutions are also in the banking system. Until recently, Arion banki hf. and the Issuer were the 
only banks which were owned by private investors and publicly listed. In June this year, Íslandsbanki hf. 
joined them when the government sold 35 per cent.  of its stake, which now amounts to 65 per cent.,  leaving 
Landsbankinn hf. as the only Icelandic bank which is not publicly listed.  
The structure of the financial system has changed in recent years as the Icelandic banking sector has seen 
increasing competition from less regulated financial institutions, that is, the shadow banking system. This 
includes, and is not limited to, pension funds (not as defined by the CBI), management companies of 
Undertakings for the Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS) and other unregulated 
entities. For example, specialised fund vehicles are often able to offer better terms for loans and other 
unregulated entities are offering unsecured loans for the retail market in competition to overdraft facilities. 
Icelandic pension funds have expanded their share in the retail mortgage lending market, and with the recent 
increase in employer contributions, this trend is likely to continue.  
The size of the financial system was 451 per cent. of GDP at the end of June 2021. Recent changes in the 
assets of the financial system are largely due to changes in GDP and movements in the exchange rate, 
highlighting modest growth. The banks’ assets account for nearly a third (143 per cent. of GDP) while the 
pension funds assets accounted for 43 per cent. of total assets (194 per cent. of GDP). In 2019, the private 
pension assets accounted for 168 per cent. of GDP, one of the highest in the world. In 2020, the assets grew 
rapidly and the system is expected to continue growing in the next few decades since the population is 
relatively young and premiums are close to 10 per cent. of GDP. Credit system lending grew by 5.2 per cent. 
year on year in 2020, where the growth was driven by household lending while corporate growth stood still. 
The growth in household lending is mainly a result of increased mortgage lending along with a flourishing 
housing market. Meanwhile, companies’ lending has decreased. 
 
Source: 
Central 
Bank 
of 
Iceland, 
Statistics 
Iceland, 
Iceland 
Chamber 
of 
Commerce

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
NAME, INCORPORATION AND REGISTRATION 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Kvika banki hf. The Issuer is a public limited company 
incorporated in Iceland on 7 May 2002. It is registered with the Register of Enterprises in Iceland and bears 
the registration number 540502-2930. The registered office of the Issuer is at Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, 
Iceland, and its telephone number is +354 540 3200. The Issuer’s homepage is: www.kvika.is. Information 
on the website is not part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer’s purpose is to provide financial services and its operations in Iceland are subject to the 
provisions of the Act on Public Limited Companies No. 2/1995 and the Act on Financial Undertakings. The 
Issuer is authorised to engage in operations and carry out financial undertakings   -in accordance with the law 
and in accordance with the Issuer’s operating license. The Issuer is authorised to achieve its objectives 
through the establishment and operation of subsidiaries, as well as other participation and ownership of 
companies which are compatible to its operations. The Issuer’s domestic activities are under the supervision 
of the FSA. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT 
The Issuer traces its roots back to 1999 when MP Verðbréf hf. was established. MP Verðbréf hf. was granted 
an investment banking license in Iceland in 2003, following which the name was changed to MP 
Fjárfestingarbanki hf. In 2008 MP Fjárfestingarbanki hf. was granted a commercial banking license in 
Iceland. 
In April 2011, a group of private investors purchased the Icelandic operations of MP Fjárfestingarbanki hf., 
which name was later changed to -MP banki hf. In 2011, MP banki hf. acquired Alfa verðbréf hf., a licensed 
securities company. The merger of the two companies, under the name and registration number of the 
former, was approved by the FSA in March 2012. In 2015, MP banki hf. and Straumur fjárfestingabanki hf. 
merged, and the merged bank was renamed Kvika banki hf. Before the merger, Straumur fjárfestingabanki 
hf. was the only specialised investment bank in Iceland, focusing on capital markets, asset servicing and 
advisory and corporate finance. 
Asset management consolidation 
In September 2017, the Issuer acquired all shares in Virðing hf., a licensed securities company focusing on 
asset and fund management with ISK 100 billion of assets under management. Work began on merging the 
two companies immediately following the acquisition and concluded on 17 November 2017.  
In October 2017, The Issuer acquired all shares in Alda sjóðir hf., a fund management company with ISK 44 
billion of assets under management. At the end of May 2018, Alda sjóðir hf. and the Issuer’s subsidiary, 
Júpíter rekstrarfélag hf., merged under the name and registration number of the latter. In March 2019, the 
Group acquired all shares in GAMMA Capital Management hf. (GAMMA), a fund management company 
with ISK 135 billion of assets under management at year-end 2018. GAMMA is held as a subsidiary. 
On 31 August 2020, the Issuer announced that its request to merge the Issuer’s asset and fund management 
operations in a single subsidiary, Júpíter rekstrarfélag hf., had been approved by supervisory authorities. In 
tandem with these changes, the company’s name was changed from Júpíter rekstrarfélag hf. to Kvika 
eignastýring hf. and those employees who worked in asset management at the Issuer were transferred to 
KES, together with the projects which comprised KES’s operations. Following these changes, KES became 
one of the largest asset and fund management companies in Iceland.  
Recent developments

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
In January 2021, the Issuer completed the acquisition of subsidiary, Netgíró hf., which had developed an 
advanced credit rating system and offers its customers “buy now pay later” services. Further, in March 2021, 
the Issuer completed the acquisition of subsidiary Aur app ehf., which is a leading fintech player in Iceland 
with its mobile payments and innovative approach to consumer lending. The acquisitions are in line with the 
Issuer’s policy of utilising technological solutions to modernize financial services. 
In November 2020, the Boards of Directors of the Issuer, TM hf. and Lykill fjármögnun hf. (Lykill) 
approved the merger of the three companies and on 30 March 2021, all conditions of the merger agreement 
were satisfied and the companies merged under the name, legal identification number  and registration 
number of the Issuer. The merged company is a well-capitalized entity with a broad revenue base and is able 
to offer its customers a wide range of services in all major areas of financial and insurance services. As a 
result of the merger, the Issuer’s balance sheet has expanded, with the Issuer taking over Lykill’s operations 
and acquiring the subsidiaries of TM hf., including TM Tryggingar hf., which continues to operate as an 
insurance company post-merger.  
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The Issuer, which is an Icelandic bank headquartered in Iceland, is categorised by the FSA as a financial 
conglomerate. Its primary market is Iceland, however, the Issuer has also established operations in the 
United Kingdom.  
The Issuer is a specialised bank, with a license to operate as a commercial bank under the Act on Financial 
Undertakings, focused on offering specific groups and clients exceptional, tailor-made financial services. 
Further, the Issuer offers a wide range of financial and insurance services through key subsidiaries such as 
KES and TM Insurance. The Issuer places emphasis on developing long-term partnerships with its customers 
through responsive and versatile services and believes that the Group’s size enables it to adapt to its 
environment with the aim of maintaining profitability and customer service. The Issuer is listed on the 
Regulated Market of Nasdaq Iceland and as at 30 September 2021, the Group employs 322 full-time 
employees.  
The Issuer’s business lines are Insurance, Asset Management, Commercial Banking and Investment 
Banking.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
Organisational structure 
 
Pending – Bjarni Þrastarson, who is currently Managing Director of Capital Markets, is expected to assume the position of Managing Director of Investment Banking in 
January 2022. The change in the Issuer’s organisational structure was approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors on 16 December 2021. 
The Issuer is the parent company of the Group and owns several subsidiaries. The main 
subsidiaries held directly or indirectly by the Group are listed in the table below: 
Entity 
  Nature of operations  
Domicile  
Ownership 
as at 30 
September 
2021 
Ownership 
as at 31 
December 
2020 
Aur app ehf. 
Financial technology services 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
- 
FÍ Fasteignafélag GP ehf. 
Real estate fund management 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
100 per 
cent.  
GAMMA Capital Management hf. 
Fund management 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
100 per 
cent.  
Kvika eignastýring hf. 
Fund management 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
100 per 
cent.  
M-Investments ehf. 
Holding company 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
100 per 
cent.  
Netgíró hf. 
Holding company 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
20 per cent.  
Rafklettur ehf. 
Holding company 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
100 per 
cent.  
TM líftryggingar hf.  
Insurance operations 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
- 
TM tryggingar hf. 
Insurance operations 
Iceland 
100 per 
cent.  
-

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
AC GP 3 ehf.  
Fund management 
Iceland 
80 per cent.  80 per cent.  
Kvika Securities Ltd. 
Business consultancy services 
UK 
100 per 
cent.  
100 per 
cent.  
 
The following subsidiaries have been classified by the Issuer as significant subsidiaries. Although their 
financial contributions to the Issuer vary, any reputational or other difficulties in their operations can also 
negatively affect the Issuer. The Issuer is therefore partially dependent on the successful operations of these 
subsidiaries. 
Kvika Securities ltd. 
Kvika Securities Ltd. (KSL) is a UK subsidiary. KSL is regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and is 
authorised to manage alternative investment funds and provide asset management and corporate finance 
services. Kvika Advisory Ltd. is a subsidiary of KSL, acquired through the Issuer’s acquisition of GAMMA 
in 2019. Kvika Advisory Ltd. is regulated in the United Kingdom by the FCA and is authorised to provide 
corporate finance services. Further, KKV Investment Management Ltd. (KKV) is a subsidiary and appointed 
representative of KSL which was founded in 2020. KKV is an alternative credit investment manager 
focusing on collateralised, non-correlated, income-producing investments. 
Kvika eignastýring hf. 
Kvika eignastýring hf., also referred to as KES, is an asset and fund management company. KES is a UCITS 
management company, licensed under the Act on Financial Undertakings and the Act on UCITS and holds a 
license to operate as manager of alternative investment funds in accordance with the provisions of Act No. 
45/2020, on Alternative Investment Fund Managers. Additionally, KES has an operating license under Act 
No. 161/2002, on Financial Undertakings, which also covers asset management, investment advice, custody 
and administration of unit shares of funds for collective investment, as well as the receipt and brokering of 
orders regarding financial instruments.  
TM tryggingar hf. 
Subsidiary TM tryggingar hf., also referred to as TM Insurance, is an Icelandic insurance company that 
offers comprehensive insurance services in Iceland, as well as offering limited insurance services abroad in 
the field of marine and property insurance. TM Insurance operates according to Act No. 100/2016 on 
Insurance services. The company operates in accordance with Act no. 100/2016 on insurance activities and is 
licensed in the European Economic Area and in the Faroe Islands.  
 
Principal Activities 
The Issuer defines four key segments in its business, based on the same principles and structure as internal 
reporting to executive management and the Board of Directors, which comprise the Issuer’s principal 
activities as performed by the Issuer or its subsidiaries. 
Insurance 
The Issuer’s insurance operations are operated through its subsidiary, TM Insurance, which has a rich history 
and over 60 years of experience. TM Insurance offers a universal and highly diversified product offering to 
commercial and private customers and its main insurance categories include Motor, Property, Marine, 
Liability, Accident and Life insurance. TM Insurance operates 9 branches throughout Iceland, including its 
headquarters in Reykjavík.  
Asset Management 
The Issuer’s asset management operations are mainly undertaken by its subsidiary, KES. The segment offers 
the following services to clients:

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Fund Management – KES manages a broad range of funds including equity funds, bond funds and mixed 
funds, which are open for general investors. Furthermore, it offers various alternative investment funds for 
professional investors.       
Private Banking – Private banking provides comprehensive financial and wealth management services to 
individuals and medium-sized companies. Within private banking, customers can choose between active 
management or investment advice, depending on their willingness to engage actively in investment 
decisions. 
Institutional Investors – KES offers comprehensive asset management and portfolio management services 
for institutional investors.  
Private Equity – KES is one of the most experienced managers of private equity funds in Iceland, having 
launched the first fund in February 2008. KES currently manages four equity funds, Auður I slf., Edda slhf., 
Freyja slhf. and Iðunn framtakssjóður slhf. 
Commercial Banking 
Commercial Banking can be divided into three main areas of operations: financing and banking services, 
deposit and fintech operations, and vehicle and equipment lending under the brand Lykill. In addition, 
Commercial Banking also manages the Issuer’s unlisted assets.  
Financing and banking services – Commercial Banking offers a range of private banking services to high net 
worth individuals, businesses and market participants. Further, the Issuer prides itself in offering bespoke 
financing solutions, including project financing, portfolio financing, bridge lending, mezzanine lending and 
wholesale funding for fintech solution providers. Emphasis is placed on short-term financing, where the 
maturity of loans generally do not exceed 24 months. 
Deposit and fintech operations – The Issuer accepts deposits and offers competitive interest rates, mainly 
through the online deposit platform Auður. Auður offers competitive deposit rates by automating processes 
and offering limited services. As Auður’s online platform is based on self-service, no contact with staff or 
physical offices is required. Similarly, the Issuer operates the online platform Framtíðin, which offers bridge 
and additional lending to individuals purchasing real estate, as well as the “buy now-pay later” service 
Netgíró, and mobile payment platform Aur.  
Lykill – Commercial Banking offers lease contracts and loans to individuals and companies to finance cars, 
heavy machinery and other equipment through its brand Lykill. Main products are car loans, hire purchase 
agreements and operating lease agreements.  
Investment Banking 
The Issuer’s investment banking segment consists of Capital Markets, Corporate Finance, Proprietary 
Trading and Treasury and KSL.  
Capital Markets – Capital Markets offers full-service brokerage in the Icelandic equity, fixed income and 
foreign exchange markets. Capital Markets offers professional advice and personal service designed to meet 
the needs of both retail and institutional customers, and seeks to deliver leading market insight and 
execution. Capital Markets trades in equity and fixed income in all products, securities, ETFs, swaps, options 
and other derivatives, equities, bonds and currency on all principal international markets.  
Corporate Finance – Corporate Finance offers a wide range of value-adding investment banking services 
focused on acquisitions, divestments and mergers, valuation and transaction structuring, refinancing and 
restructuring, advisory, debt and capital raises, listings equities and initial public offerings, as well as various 
other balance sheet related advisory services, such as strategic reviews of securities and businesses.  
Proprietary Trading and Treasury – Treasury manages the Issuer’s day to day liquidity while Proprietary 
Trading offers market making activities for local issuers of shares and fixed income instruments.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
KSL – KSL is the Issuer’s UK subsidiary, established in 2017. KSL is authorized by the FCA and its focus is 
on capital raising and M&A Advisory, as well as fund and asset management services. Further, the segment 
holds the Issuer’s minority stake in property lender, Ortus Secured Finance, which the Issuer recently signed 
heads of terms to acquire a majority stake in. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Compliance with Corporate Governance  
The Issuer is obliged to implement recognised guidelines on Corporate Governance under Article 54 of the 
Act on Financial Undertakings no. 161/2002. The Issuer complies in most respects with the Guidelines on 
Corporate Governance, 5th edition, published in May 2015 by the Chamber of Commerce, Nasdaq Iceland 
and the SA Confederation of Icelandic Enterprise. The Issuer has not appointed a nomination committee. 
This is the Issuer’s only deviation from the aforementioned guidelines. The Issuer’s Annual General 
Meeting, held on 14 March 2019, voted to entrust the Board of Directors with the task to assess the benefits 
and disadvantages of appointing a nomination committee, consult with shareholders on the matter and make 
a proposal if deemed appropriate. At the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting, held on 26 March 2020, the 
chairman of the Board informed the meeting of the Board’s findings, which concluded that a nomination 
committee would not be beneficial for the Issuer at that time.  
In 2018, the Issuer completed a corporate governance assessment process, resulting in an award from the 
Centre for Corporate Governance in Iceland for exemplary corporate governance in 2018 to 2019. The award 
is valid for three years as long as there are no material changes in ownership or the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer. The Board of Directors intends to have such an assessment carried out on a regular basis and maintain 
the award.  
A statement on the Issuer’s corporate governance practices is reviewed and agreed upon annually by the 
Board of Directors and is accessible on the Issuer’s website. 
Internal control, risk management and accounting 
The Issuer’s risk policy and risk appetite are regularly reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors (the 
Board). The Board is also responsible for ensuring that an active system of internal controls is in place. The 
Board defines the risk factors that the Issuer has to address, including their nature and extent. Furthermore, 
the Board also defines remedial action for the risks in question. The implementation and execution of the 
internal control rests with the Issuer’s managing directors along with control units, i.e. risk management, 
compliance and the internal auditor. The Board hires an internal auditor and further agrees to an audit plan 
for each year. The CEO hires a compliance officer, with the approval of the Board. The reports and findings 
of the internal auditor and the compliance officer are presented directly to the Board.  
The Issuer’s internal control is built on risk assessment and control measures, which are intended to 
minimise the risk that exceeds the approved risk appetite of the Issuer. A part of internal control stipulates 
the formal working procedures to which the internal supervisory units comply. 
The Board has implemented a risk policy for the Issuer, for focused and effective risk management and to 
enhance transparency in the Issuer’s risk taking at management level, including the Board, in addition to the 
operational units and individuals that directly participate in the daily operations and decisions involving risk 
taking.  
The Issuer’s finance and operations division is responsible for preparing the Issuer’s annual accounts in 
accordance with IFRS. The accounta are audited by the Issuer’s external auditors, Deloitte ehf. 
The CEO reports directly to the Board when assessing the effectiveness of internal control and risk 
management in relation to the annual accounts. The internal audit and risk management committees are 
tasked with preventing any deficiencies in the accounting process.  
The Board regularly assesses the effectiveness of internal control and risk management in the Issuer.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
The Board of Directors 
The Issuer’s Board consists of five main members and two alternate members, who are elected annually, at 
the Annual General Meeting. The Board members’ election term lasts until the next Annual General 
Meeting. The eligibility of members of the Board is subject to statutory law. In accordance with the Issuer’s 
Equality Policy, when electing the Board, care is taken to ensure there is at least 40 per cent.  representation 
of each gender among main board members and alternate members.  
The Board constitutes the supreme authority in the affairs of the Issuer between shareholders’ meetings. The 
main duties of the Board are supervising the operations of the Issuer and ensuring that they are continually in 
good order. The Board also ensures that the Issuer’s financial matters, including the financial reporting 
practices, are diligently supervised. The Board makes operational plans according to the Issuer’s purpose as 
set out in its articles of association and form policies to achieve set goals. The Board hires the CEO of the 
Issuer and supervises their work.  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Board consists of the following members:  
Sigurður Hannesson, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Borgartún 36, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Sigurður Hannesson is the chairman of the Board. He was appointed to the Issuer’s Board of Directors in 
March 2020. He was born in 1980 and works as a Managing Director of SI – the Federation of Icelandic 
Industries. Sigurður graduated with a DPhil degree in Mathematics from the University of Oxford, and also 
graduated with a BS degree in Mathematics from the University of Iceland. Sigurður has completed a degree 
in securities brokerage. From 2013 to 2017, Sigurður worked as a Managing Director of the Issuer’s assets 
management division (previously known as MP banki). In 2015, he was the Vice-Chairman of the 
Government Implementation Group on the release of capital controls and in 2013, he was the Chairman of 
the Icelandic government expert group on action for debted households (Leiðréttingin). From 2010 to 2013, 
Sigurður worked as the CEO of Júpíter Rekstrarfélag hf., now Kvika Asset Management, and in Capital 
Markets at Straumur Investment Bank from 2007 to 2010. Sigurður also sits on the boards of NSA Ventures, 
Auðna-Tæknitorg ehf., Akkur SI, SI 1 ehf., Sundaboginn slhf., Íslenski byggingarvettvangurinn, Seapool 
ehf., BBL 39 ehf. and the Icelandic Cancer Society. Sigurður owns shares in the Issuer through his 
shareholding in the private limited company, BBL 39 ehf.  Sigurður does not have interest links with major 
clients, competitors or big shareholders, as defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Guðmundur Þórðarson, Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Carrer dels Cavallers 41, 08034 Barcelona, Spain 
Guðmundur Þórðarson is the deputy chairman of the Board. He was appointed to the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors in March 2017. Guðmundur was born in 1972. He graduated from the University of Iceland with a 
Cand. Oecon business degree in 1997. He has also completed a securities brokerage and asset management 
exam in the UK. Guðmundur’s main focus is on managing his own investments. From 1997 to 2000, he 
worked in Asset Management at Landsbréf hf. From 2000 to 2003, he worked as a specialist in the 
development and corporate advisory division of Íslandsbanki hf. From 2003 to 2007, he worked as 
Managing Director of Corporate Finance at Straumur Investment Bank hf. Guðmundur also sits on the 
boards of Hedda eignarhaldsfélag ehf., Skel Investments ehf. and Attis ehf., as well as serving as an alternate 
on the board of Bílaleiga BTF ehf.  A financially connected party to Guðmundur controls shares in the Issuer 
through the companies Attis ehf. and SNV Holding ehf. Guðmundur does not have interest links with major 
clients, competitors or big shareholders, as defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir, Board member 
Bifröst, 311 Borgarnes, Iceland and Borgartún 25, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir was appointed to the Board in April 2021. Helga Kristín graduated with a BS 
degree in Business Law from Bifröst University in 2004 and with a Master’s degree in Law from the same 
university in 2006. She graduated with an LLM degree in Law from the University of Miami, with a focus 
on international Business Law and Contracts. Helga Kristín also studied Law at University of Thessaloniki, 
in Greece. Currently, Helga Kristin is a doctoral student at Fordham University, where she is researching 
hedge fund investments and what factors influence how they act as shareholders in listed companies. Helga 
Kristín has worked as a director and lecturer at Bifröst University for the past nine years. Prior to that, she 
worked as a lawyer at FGM/Auðkenni (now part of the CBI), a lawyer at Stoðir hf. , and a lecturer at the 
faculty of Law at University of Miami in 2010 to 2011. Helga Kristín has been a board member of TM hf. 
from 2020 and was an appointed alternate on the Board of Directors of Tryggingamiðstöðin hf. between 
2012 to 2015. Helga Kristín does not have interest links with major clients, competitors or big shareholders, 
as defined in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Guðjón Karl Reynisson, Board member 
94 Rusthall Avenue, W4 1BS, London, United Kingdom 
Guðjón Karl Reynisson was appointed to the Issuer’s Board of Directors in March 2018. He was born in 
1963 and works as an independent consultant, investor and board member. Between 2008 and 2017 he 
served as CEO of Hamleys of London. From 2003 to 2008, he served as managing director of the 10-11 
stores. From 1998 to 2003, he was the managing director of the sales division of Tal, an Icelandic phone 
company. He graduated with an MBA degree from the University of Iceland in 2002. He graduated with an 
Operations and Business degree from the Continuing Education Study of the University of Iceland in 1999 
and also graduated with a degree as a licensed physical education teacher from the University of Iceland in 
1986. Guðjón has been on the board of directors of Festi hf. since 2014 and Securitas hf. from 2018. Guðjón 
owns shares in the Issuer through his private limited company, Hakk ehf., but does not have interest links 
with major clients, competitors or big shareholders as defined in the  Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Ingunn Svala Leifsdóttir, Board member 
Menntavegur 1, 102 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Ingunn Svala Leifsdóttir was elected to the Board in April 2021. She graduated with a BS degree in Business 
from the University of Iceland in 1999, with a focus on accounting and finance, and with a Cand. Oecon 
business degree from the same university in 2001, with a focus on accounting and management. Ingunn 
Svala completed the Advanced Management program from the IESE Business School in New York in 2018. 
Ingunn Svala currently works as the managing director of operations in Reykjavík University and sits on the 
university’s executive board. Ingunn Svala has extensive experience of serving as a board member. She has 
served as a board member of Slippurinn Akureyri ehf. since 2015 and as a board member of the logistics 
company Parlogis ehf. since 2014. Ingunn Svala sat on the Audit Committee of VÍS in 2019 to 2021 and was 
a board member of Líftryggingafélags Íslands (Lífís) from 2017 to 2021. Ingunn Svala has also established 
and operated her own businesses  in accounting and real estate. Ingunn Svala also has extensive experience 
in the financial sector. She worked for the Kaupthing´s Resolution Committee as Chief Financial Officer 
from 2009 to 2011, as well as working as a Global Business Controller in Investment Banking at Kaupþing 
bank in 2007 to 2009. Ingunn Svala also worked within the Actavis Group PTC consolidation in 2006 to 
2007 as a CFO for four subsidiaries, namely Actavis hf., Medís ehf., Actavis Group hf. and Actavis Group 
PTC ehf.  
Sigurgeir Guðlaugsson, Alternate Board member 
Hrísholt 5, 210 Garðabær, Iceland 
Sigurgeir Guðlaugsson was born in 1976. He is an investor and the Managing Director of Citalfort 
Consulting slf. He graduated with a BSc degree in International Trade from Copenhagen Business School in 
1999. He worked in the corporate division of Fjárfestingarbanki atvinnulífsins (later Íslandsbanki hf.), in

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
1999 to 2003. Sigurgeir worked as the Global Head of M&A at Actavis Group in 2003 to 2006. He was the 
Managing Director of investments in the healthcare industry at Novator in 2006 to 2009. Sigurgeir founded 
the consulting company, Citalfort Consulting slf., in 2009 and has worked there ever since, apart from during 
2013 when he was a partner and an employee at H.F. securities hf. and when he was the Chief Executive 
Officer of the biotechnology company, Zymetech ehf., between 2014 to 2016. Sigurgeir was on the Board of 
Directors of Straumur Investment Bank hf., Actavis Group hf., Actavis Inc., Enzymatica AB, FlyOver 
Iceland ehf. and Scandinavian Biogas AB. Currently, Sigurgeir sits as Chairman of the Board of Directors at 
Citalfort Consulting slf., Citius ehf., Investment company Katla Holding ehf., Hekla Invest ehf., U.M.F. 
Stjarnan and Ögurás ehf. In addition, he sits on the Board of Directors in 3Z ehf. and Coripharma Holding 
hf. Sigurgeir does not have interest links with major clients, competitors or big shareholders, as defined in 
the Corporate Governance Guidelines. 
Helga Jóhanna Oddsdóttir, Alternate Board Member 
Brekkustígur 36, 260 Reykjanesbær, Iceland 
Helga Jóhanna Oddsdóttir was born in 1973. Helga Jóhanna graduated with a BS degree in Business 
Administration from the University of Iceland in 1998 and an MSc degree in Business Administration in 
2005 from the same school, with a focus on management and strategy. Currently, Helga Jóhanna works at 
HS Veitur as the director general of operations. From 2011, Helga has been the owner and CEO of Carpe 
Diem Consulting and during 2015 to 2020 she was an equity partner and CEO of Strategic Leadership in 
Iceland. Helga Jóhanna has been the managing director of the real estate company GMO ehf. since 2015. 
Prior to this, Helga Jóhanna was the human resources manager of Landsbréf in 2001 to 2003, the director of 
human resources at Reykjanesbær in 2003 to 2008, and Chief Operating Officer of Opin Kerfi in 2008 to 
2011. Helga Jóhanna also has experience of serving as a board member and served as an alternate member of 
the board of Frjálsi Lífeyrissjóðurinn (pension fund) and of Samorka, an association of energy and utility 
companies in Iceland. Helga Jóhanna has worked for the European Union, where she took on leadership 
development at the local government level in Cambodia in 2017. Helga Jóhanna sat on the Child Protection 
Committee at Reykjanesbær for eight years and on the Education Council for four years. She has also sat on 
the board of the basketball club, U.M.F. Stjarnan. 
Sub-Committees of the Board of Directors 
According to the Issuer’s Articles of Association at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board shall appoint 
a Risk Committee, an Audit Committee and a Remuneration Committee for the Company, no later than one 
month after the Company’s Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors shall appoint at least three 
individuals for membership of each committee, of which at least two must also be Board members. 
Appointing employees of the Issuer to any committee is not permitted Committee members must have the 
necessary experience and knowledge for each committee’s tasks, in accordance with  applicable laws and 
rules. All sub-committees have incorporated procedural rules that must be confirmed and endorsed by the 
Board of Directors.  
Risk Committee  
The Risk Committee of the Issuer has a consultative and supervisory role for the Issuer’s Board of Directors, 
which includes developing the Issuer’s risk policy and risk appetite. The Risk Committee supervises the 
activity around risk management, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk 
and other risk, as applicable.  
The purpose of the Risk Committee is to act in accordance with Icelandic law and rules of good corporate 
governance. The Risk Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors in accordance with article 78 of the 
Act on Financial Undertakings. The Board of Directors shall appoint at least three individuals for 
membership, of which at least two must also be Board members. The committee is composed of Guðmundur 
Þórðarson, who is the chairman of the committee, Sigurður Hannesson and Sigríður Mogensen.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee of the Issuer performs a consultative and supervisory role for the Issuer’s Board of 
Directors, including ensuring the quality of the annual accounts and other financial information of the Issuer 
and the independence of the Issuer’s audit. The Audit Committee monitors the process of preparation of 
financial statements, the functioning of internal controls, as well as internal and external auditing.  
The purpose of the Audit Committee is to operate according to Icelandic law and rules of good corporate 
governance. The Audit Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors in accordance with chapter IX. A 
of the Act no. 3/2006 on Annual Accounts. The Board shall appoint at least three individuals for 
membership, of which at least two must also be Board members. The committee is composed of Ingunn 
Svala Leifsdóttir who is the chairman of the committee, Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir, Hrönn Sveinsdóttir and 
Inga Björg Hjaltadóttir. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee of the Issuer performs a consultative and supervisory role for the Issuer’s 
Board of Directors in connection with the Issuer’s remuneration and ensures they support the objectives and 
interests of the Issuer.  
The purpose of the Remuneration Committee is to operate in accordance with Icelandic law and rules of 
good corporate governance. The Remuneration Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors in 
accordance with the Guidelines on Corporate Governance, and Paragraph 7 Article 54 of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings. The Board shall appoint at least three individuals for membership, of which at least 
two must also be Board members. The committee is composed of Guðjón Reynisson, who is the chairman of 
the committee, Sigurður Hannesson and Helga Kristín Auðunsdóttir. 
Executive Management 
The Issuer’s executive management comprises the CEO, deputy CEO and five managing directors. Further, 
on the basis of the Issuer’s classification as a financial conglomerate, the Group’s executive management 
additionally includes the CEOs of the subsidiaries, TM Insurance and KES. 
Marinó Örn Tryggvason, CEO 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Marinó Örn Tryggvason joined the Issuer as Deputy CEO in August 2017 and became CEO on 27 May  
2019. Prior to joining the Issuer, Marinó worked at Kaupthing Banki (Kaupthing) from 2002 to 2008. From 
2007, Marino was Head of Institutional Asset Management at Kaupthing. From 2008 to 2017, Marino 
worked at Arion banki hf. Marinó served as Deputy Managing Director of Asset Management at Arion banki 
hf. from 2014 until 2017, and as Head of Asset Management of Institutional Asset Management from 2008 
until 2017. Marinó sat on the Board of Vörður Tryggingar from 2016 to 2017. Marinó holds a BSc business 
degree from the University of Iceland and is a certified securities broker.  
Ármann Þorvaldsson, Deputy CEO 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Ármann Þorvaldsson joined the Issuer as CEO in June 2017 and became Deputy CEO on 27 May 2019. He 
has worked in the financial markets for over twenty years. From 1997 until 2005, he was Head of Corporate 
Finance at Kaupthing and, from 2005 to 2008, he was CEO of Kaupthing Singer & Friedlander in London. 
He then went on to work at Ortus Secured Finance in London until 2015 when he joined Virding. He was the 
head of Virding’s Corporate Finance division before joining the Issuer. Ármann has an MBA degree from 
Boston University and a BA degree in History from the University of Iceland.  
Ragnar Páll Dyer, CFO

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Ragnar Páll Dyer joined the Kvika Group in 2010 and was appointed Managing Director of Jupiter Capital 
Management in 2013. He was then appointed Managing Director of Finance and Operations at the Issuer in 
2019. Ragnar started his career in the financial sector in 2007. Before he joined the Issuer, he was a fund 
manager and a partner of Teton Investments and was a broker at Straumur Investment bank, specialising in 
interest rates and derivatives. Ragnar has completed the Stanford Executive Program from Stanford 
University, holds a BSc degree in Engineering Management from the University of Reykjavík and is a 
licensed securities broker.  
Ólöf Jónsdóttir, COO 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Ólöf Jónsdóttir joined the Issuer in March 2021 as Managing Director of Operations and Development. She 
was previously CEO of Lykill fjármögnun hf., before which she was Director of Business Operations and 
Strategic Management, and later Director of Financial Technology for the Issuer. Ólöf has over 15 years of 
experience in financial markets. She has a BSc degree in mechanical engineering from the University of 
Iceland and an MSc degree in Operations Research from the London School of Economics.  
Lilja Jensen, General Counsel 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Lilja Jensen has worked for the Issuer and its predecessor since 2012 and has been General Counsel since 
2015. Prior to that, Lilja worked for LOGOS legal services intermittently, from 2008 to 2012, alongside law 
studies post graduation. Prior to legal work, Lilja worked as a nurse at the National University Hospital of 
Iceland and Eir nursing home. Lilja holds a BSc degree in nursing from the University of Iceland, and a BA 
and ML degree in Law from Reykjavik University and is licensed to plead cases before the district courts of 
Iceland.  
Bjarni Eyvinds Þrastarson, Managing Director of Investment Banking17 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Bjarni Eyvinds Þrastarson joined the Issuer (formerly MP banki hf.) in July 2009, after serving as Senior 
Vice President of Equity sales in Straumur Investment Bank hf. from 2007 to 2009. Prior to joining the 
Issuer, he worked for Reykjavik Savings Bank, MP banki hf., Íslandsbanki hf., and Straumur Investment 
Bank hf. He graduated from the George Washington University with a BBA degree in 2002 and is a certified 
securities broker.  
Magnús Ingi Einarsson, Managing Director of Banking 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Magnús Ingi Einarsson has over thirteen years of experience in the financial markets. He joined Risk 
Management at the Issuer (then Straumur-Burdaras) in July 2006 and headed the Issuer’s credit risk division 
from 2009. He was Head of Risk Management and later Head of Treasury at Straumur Investment Bank hf. 
from the bank’s establishment, until the end of 2014. He has served as Managing Director of Finance and 
Operations from 2014 to 2019. In 2019, he was appointed the Managing Director of Corporate Banking (now 
Commerical Banking). He holds a BSc degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Iceland and 
an MSc degree in Mechanical Engineering from Virginia Tech.  
 
Sigurður Viðarsson, CEO of TM Insurance 
                                                     
17 Pending – Bjarni Þrastarson, who is currently Managing Director of Capital Markets, is expected to assume the position of Managing Director of 
Investment Banking in January 2022. The change in the Issuer’s organisational structure was approved by the Issuer’s Board of Directors on 16 
December 2021.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Síðumúli 24, 108 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Sigurður Viðarsson has been the CEO of TM Insurance since October 2007 and has significant experience in 
the insurance sector. Prior to joining TM Insurance, he was the deputy CEO and Director of Financial and 
Insurance Services at Vörður líftryggingar hf. Sigurður has a BSc degree in Business Administration from 
the University of Iceland.  
Hannes Frímann Hrólfsson, CEO of KES 
Katrínartún 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland 
Hannes Frímann Hrólfsson has worked for the Group since 2012, first as CEO of Auður Capital (later 
Virðing hf.) which merged with the Issuer in 2017.  Prior to that, Hannes was the Managing Director and co-
founder of Tindar Securities and a deputy managing director of treasury and capital markets at Arion banki 
and Kaupþing bank. Hannes holds a Cand. oecon degree in Business Administration from the University of 
Iceland. He is a certified securities broker and holds an ACI Dealing certificate.  
Committees established by the CEO 
The CEO of the Issuer is responsible for the effective implementation of the risk policy through the 
corporate governance structure and committees. In that respect, the CEO has established three committees 
which are responsible for developing and monitoring risk management policies in their specified areas. 
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) 
ALCO supervises the management of the Issuer’s balance sheet, assets and liabilities, and strives to achieve 
the goals of profitability. This involves determining the most efficient division between returns and risk, and 
allocating funds to the Issuer’s business units. ALCO sets measurable profitability goals and strives to 
achieve them. ALCO is composed of the CEO, the Director of Finance and Operations, the Head of Treasury 
and the Head of Risk Management. The deputy Head of Treasury attends committee meetings as an impartial 
observer and does not participate in the decision-making on individual decisions. However, the deputy Head 
of Treasury has the right to speak at committee meetings and has the right to put forward motions.   
Credit Committee 
The Credit Committee addresses matters regarding the Issuer’s loan activities and is responsible for and 
makes decisions on the investments and sale of unlisted securities, and in relation to divisions other than 
Treasury and Proprietary Trading, the Credit Committee oversees the investment and sale of unit share 
certificates in funds for collective investment. The Credit Committee is responsible for the approval of larger 
loans and is the primary forum for the discussion of the Issuer’s credit rules, including credit limits for 
relevant divisions of the Issuer. The Credit Committee is composed of the CEO, the Managing Director of 
Commercial Banking, Managing Director of Finance and Operations and the General Counsel. The Head of 
Risk Management attends committee meetings as an impartial person and does not participate in decision-
making on individual lending or investments. The Head of Risk Management is authorised to speak at 
meetings and has a power to veto.  
Operations Committee 
The Operations Committee is responsible for supervision and implementation of the Issuer’s security and 
quality policies. The security policy mainly addresses data security and operational security in IT systems, 
physical security for personnel and proper access controls and monitoring the Issuer’s premises. The quality 
policy is aimed at upholding proper quality in work processes, IT systems and services to support 
performance and profitability, lower operational risk and improving the customer experience. The committee 
is composed of the Head of Business operations and strategic management, the Managing Director of 
Finance and Operations, the Head of Risk Management, the Head of Back Office and the Head of the IT 
department. The internal auditor, the Compliance Officer and the Office Manager attend committee meetings 
as observers.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Many employees, who were originally employees of the Issuer before the merger with TM hf. and Lykill, 
own shares in the Issuer as well as warrants issued by the Issuer. Similarly, members of the Issuer’s 
Executive Management and members of the Board of Directors own shares in the Issuer as well as warrants 
issued by the Issuer. A number of these individuals have contributed to the preparation of this Base 
Prospectus. Aside from the aforementioned, neither the Board of Directors nor members of the executive 
management are aware of any other potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the members of the 
Board of Directors or members of the Executive Management to the Issuer and their private interests or other 
duties.  
The Issuer has in place rules against conflicts of interests, which include the Issuer’s policy on conflicts of 
interests which may be accessed on the Issuer’s website. 
SHAREHOLDERS 
The Issuer’s share capital consists of one class of shares and each issued share carries equal rights, in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Articles of Association. The ISIN number of the Shares is IS0000020469. The 
shares’ ticker symbol in the trading system of Nasdaq Iceland is KVIKA. 
The Issuer had 2,678 shareholders at 11 November 2021, none of whom hold more than 10 per cent.  of total 
shares in the Issuer. Pursuant to the Act on Financial Undertakings, the Issuer is obliged to specify on its 
website the names and proportional holdings of all parties, and beneficial owners, owning more than 1 per 
cent.  of total share capital in the Issuer at any given time.  
To the extent known to the Issuer, the Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by parties other 
than listed shareholders.  
Apart from the issued warrants described in the section “Warrants” below, no other arrangements are known 
to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
Warrants 
The Bank has issued warrants for shares in the total nominal amount of ISK 180,808,331 as at 30 September 
2021. The number of owners of these warrants is 88 and they purchased the warrants for a total consideration 
of ISK 70,514,432. The purchase price of the warrants was determined using market standard methodology 
and a valuation from an independent appraiser as applicable. Should the owners of the warrants exercise 
their warrants, the Bank is obliged to issue new shares and sell to the warrant owners at a predefined price, 
usually referred to as strike price. If all the warrants would be exercised, the Bank's share capital would 
increase to 5,046,153,255, and the newly issued shares would represent 3.6 per cent. of the Bank's total 
issued capital, post dilution. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years 2020 and 2019, and the interim financial 
statements for the six months ended 30 June 2021 and the nine months ended 30 September 2021, have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union, 
and additional requirements in the Act on Annual Accounts. The consolidated financial statements include 
the Issuer and its subsidiaries.  It should be noted that consolidated financial statements for the years 2020 
and 2019 do not reflect the Issuer’s merger with TM hf., the previous parent company of TM Insurance, and 
Lykill, which are included in the Issuer’s interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2021 
and the nine months ended 30 September 2021. 
The Issuer’s latest financial statements comprise the period of 1 January 2021 to 30 September 2021 and 
include the Issuer and its subsidiaries.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Deloitte ehf. has audited the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended  2020 and 2019, 
and reviewed the Group’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 
June 2021 and 30 June 2020.  
Auditors 
The Issuer’s audit firm is Deloitte ehf., reg. no. 521098-2449, Smáratorgi 3, 201 Kópavogi, Iceland. Deloitte 
ehf. has been the Issuer’s audit firm since it was elected at the Issuer’s Annual General Meeting in March 
2016. 
REGULATORY AND TAX ENVIRONMENT 
Capital Requirements 
The Issuer’s capital management framework is based on CRD IV, which is an EU legislative package 
consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and the Council on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013, as amended or restated from time to time 
(CRD IV) and Regulation 575/2013/EU (CRR). CRD IV and CRR were implemented into Icelandic 
legislation for the most part by amendments made to the Act on Financial Undertakings (Act on Financial 
Undertakings No. 161/2002) and with the Regulation on the Prudential Requirements for Financial 
Undertakings. The first amendment was introduced on 9 July 2015 by Act No. 57/2015, which amended the 
Act on Financial Undertakings and incorporated into Icelandic law the CRD IV's provisions on capital 
buffers and regulation implementing the provisions of the CRR and other technical standards. The second 
amendment, introduced on 1 September 2016 by Act No. 96/2016, amended the Act on Financial 
Undertakings and incorporated the CRD IV's provisions on operating licences, initial capital, information 
obligations, leverage ratios, supervisory review and the evaluation process. The third amendment, introduced 
on 9 May 2017 by Act No. 23/2017, includes an obligation on financial undertakings to establish effective 
and reliable mechanisms to enable employees to report potential or actual breaches of laws and/or 
regulations that apply to the undertakings. The fourth amendment, introduced on 19 June 2018 by Act No. 
54/2018, further amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and introduced provisions on supervision and 
prudential requirements on a consolidated basis, co-operation with supervisors in other countries in the 
European Economic Area and a legal basis for the regulation on large exposures. The fifth amendment, 
introduced on 18 February 2019 by Act No. 8/2019, amended the Act on Financial Undertakings and 
included provisions regarding the board of directors and auditing. The remaining features of CRD IV (not 
already incorporated by the amendments outlined above) are still to be implemented into Icelandic law. 
The remainder of the CRR was enacted into Icelandic law by the entry into force of Regulation No. 
233/2017 on 6 March 2017.  
Furthermore, a revised European banking package consisting of a regulation amending the CRR (Regulation 
(EU) 2019/876 (CRR II)) and a directive amending the CRD IV (Directive (EU) 2019/878 of 20 May 2019 
(CRD V)) was published in the EU’s Official Journal on 7 June 2019. CRR II and CRD V introduced 
changes to the leverage ratio, requirements for own fund and MREL, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, remuneration, 
capital conservation measures and the NSFR amongst others. Prospective investors in the Notes should 
consult their own advisers as to the consequences of the implementation of CRD IV and the CRR as well as 
further changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in Iceland. 
European Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive or BRRD) entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of 
tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity, in order to ensure the

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
continuity of the relevant entity’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a 
relevant entity’s failure on the economy and financial system.  
Iceland, together with Liechtenstein and Norway (the EEA States), is a party to the EEA Agreement by 
which the EEA States participate in the internal market of the EU. The BRRD is marked EEA relevant in the 
Official Journal of the EU and thus should be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.  
The provisions of the BRRD have been implemented into Icelandic law by means of a combination of 
legislative acts. First, the passage of Act No. 54/2018, amending the Act on Financial Undertakings, 
implemented the BRRD provisions focusing on recovery plans and timely intervention to prevent an 
economic shock to financial institutions operating in Iceland. 
Second, the enactment of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment 
Firms implemented the parts of the BRRD which provide for the resolution process, from preventative 
measures and preparation, to decision-making and the implementation of each resolution. Under the Act, the 
CBI possesses powers of resolution and can take action, prepare and execute resolution procedures on behalf 
of credit institutions and investment firms.  
As the Resolution Authority, the CBI oversees the preparation and implementation of each resolution and 
oversees a special funding resource, the Resolution Fund, which is intended to finance the resolution process. 
Additionally, the Act also provides for the implementation of Minimum Requirement for own funds and 
Eligible Liabilities (MREL) in Iceland and amended the amount guaranteed in the deposit guarantee scheme 
under which payments to each depositor are now guaranteed up to the equivalent of EUR 100,000 in ISK. 
More recently, the Hierarchy of Claims Bill has been submitted to the Icelandic Parliament, which intends to 
implement Directive 2017/2399/EU (and amend the Recovery and Resolution Act) with regards to the 
position of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy. The bill is expected to be passed into law 
in May or June 2022, but no assurance can be given that the law will be passed by such time, if at all.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such relevant 
entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. These resolution 
tools are: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or 
the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a “bridge institution” (an entity 
created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the 
relevant entity to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities 
to transfer any assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be 
managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can only be 
used together with another resolution tool); and (iv) bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to 
write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing relevant entity and to convert certain unsecured 
debt claims (including Notes) to equity (the general bail-in tool), which equity could also be subject to any 
future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, 
less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it 
requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
When applying the general bail-in tool, the resolution authority must first reduce or cancel common equity 
tier one, and thereafter reduce, cancel and convert additional tier one instruments and then tier two 
instruments. Other unsubordinated debt may also be reduced, cancelled or converted in accordance with the

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. If this total reduction is less than the amount needed, 
the resolution authority will reduce or convert, to the extent required, the principal amount or outstanding 
amount payable in respect of unsecured creditors in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. The BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application of the general bail-in 
tool and provides also that the resolution authorities may exclude or partially exclude certain further 
liabilities from the application of the general bail-in tool. Accordingly, pari passu liabilities may be treated 
unequally and as a result, the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may be excluded from 
the application of the general bail-in tool, meaning the holders of such claims may receive a treatment which 
is more favourable than that received by Noteholders. 
Furthermore, the resolution authorities will have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt instruments 
and other eligible liabilities, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible 
liabilities, or amend the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending interest 
payments for a temporary period. 
In addition to the resolution tools (such as the general bail-in tool), the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity, capital instruments 
(such as the Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before, or at least together with, the 
application of any other resolution action (non-viability loss absorption). Any shares issued to holders of 
the Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the 
general bail-in tool or other powers under the BRRD. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measures, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or 
authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or group will no longer be viable unless 
the relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written down or converted, or (iii) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an 
institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of an EEA State and to 
preserve financial stability. 
Tax Environment  
The Issuer’s results of operations depend, to a certain extent, on tax laws and tax treaties, or the 
interpretation thereof. 
Under the Act on Special Tax on Financial Institutions, No. 155/2010, which requires certain types of 
financial institutions, including the Issuer, to pay an annual levy of the carrying amount of their liabilities as 
determined for tax purposes. This levy is currently 0.145 per cent. Non-financial subsidiaries are exempt 
from this tax. There can be no assurance that the levy will not be further increased.  
In June 2009, the Icelandic Parliament adopted an amendment to the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003 (the ITA) 
as a result of which payments of Icelandic sourced interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Issuer, to a 
foreign creditor, including holders of Notes who are not Icelandic, are taxable in Iceland at a current rate of 
12 per cent. This taxation is applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from 
the Directorate of Inland Revenue in Iceland that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant 
double taxation treaty, and in such case, the provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. Bonds issued by 
energy companies and certain financial institutions, including bonds issued by the Issuer, are also subject to 
exemption. The exemption, subject to certain other requirements, applies to bonds that are held through a 
clearing system, such as Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, within a member state of the Organisation 
for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) or  the European Economic Area (EEA), a founding 
member state of European Free Trade Association (EFTA) or the Faroe Islands.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
The Issuer is required to pay a special tax levied on all remuneration paid to employees in accordance with 
the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011. The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such 
remuneration. Additionally, under Article 71 of the ITA, there is a special additional income tax on legal 
entities liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the Issuer. The levy is 
set at 6 per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and transferable losses.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
TAXATION 
General 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the 
tax laws of Iceland and the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of 
Notes, including, but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and their 
disposal or redemption. 
Iceland Taxation  
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer's understanding of current law and practice 
in Iceland.  This is not tax advice but a mere general overview of Icelandic rules. Prospective holders of the 
Notes who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be subject to tax in any other 
jurisdiction, should consult their professional advisers. 
In light of the existing withholding tax regime in Iceland as regards non-residents, the clearing of the Notes 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be subject to confirmation that the relevant 
registration requirements with the Icelandic authorities have been completed. 
Icelandic residents 
Icelandic residents are subject to tax on any interest income derived by them from the Notes, individuals and 
companies at the rate of 20 per cent. and taxable partnerships at the rate of 37.6 per cent.  The Issuer is liable 
to withhold tax on interest payments to Icelandic residents at the rate of 22 per cent.   
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are subject to the same tax as interest income of Icelandic residents. 
Non-Icelandic residents 
Non-Icelandic residents are not subject to Icelandic tax on any interest income derived by them from the 
Notes provided the Notes are registered with a securities depository within the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development, the European Economic Area or a member of the European Free Trade 
Association or the Faroe Islands, and the Issuer has registered any Notes issued under the Programme with 
the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland and received confirmation of exemption for the Notes from 
such taxation, all in accordance with point 8 of the first Paragraph of Article 3 of Act no. 90/2003 on Income 
Tax. The Issuer will provide a certificate of such tax exemption for each issue of Notes. 
In the event that the Issuer is required to withhold tax then the provisions of Condition 8 will apply and the 
Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are classified as interest and should thus not be subject to tax in 
Iceland, provided that the aforementioned confirmation of exemption has been granted in respect of the 
Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common financial transaction tax (FTT) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) imposes a 30 per cent. United States withholding tax 
on certain United States source payments, including interest (and original issue discount), dividends (and 
dividend equivalents), or other fixed or determinable annual or periodical gain, profits, and income 
(Withholdable Payments), if paid to a foreign financial institution (including amounts paid to a foreign 
financial institution on behalf of a holder), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the United 
States Treasury Department to collect and provide to the United States Treasury Department certain 
information regarding United States account holders, including certain account holders that are foreign 
entities with United States owners or otherwise complies with FATCA.  A Note may constitute a “financial 
account” for these purposes and thus, be subject to information reporting requirements pursuant to FATCA.   
In addition, under FATCA, “passthru payments” made by a foreign financial institution to “recalcitrant 
holders” or non-compliant foreign financial institutions are subject to a 30 per cent. United States 
withholding tax.  A “recalcitrant holder” generally is a holder of an account with a foreign financial 
institution that fails to comply with reasonable requests for information that will help enable the relevant 
foreign financial institution to comply with its reporting requirements.  Pursuant to United States Treasury 
Department regulations, a passthru payment is any Withholdable Payment and any “foreign passthru 
payment”, which has yet to be defined.  Under the regulations and other guidance, the 30 per cent. United 
States withholding tax on “recalcitrant holders” or non-compliant foreign financial institutions may be 
imposed on non-United States source payments made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes no earlier than 
the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining the term foreign pass thru 
payment are published in the United Stated Federal Register. 
If the Issuer determines withholding is appropriate with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will withhold tax at 
the applicable statutory rate without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld.  However, the withholding tax will not be imposed on payments pursuant to obligations giving rise 
to Withholdable Payments solely because payments are treated as foreign passthru payments if the obligation 
is executed on or before the date of that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining the 
term foreign passthru payment are filed with the United States Federal Register.  Holders are urged to 
consult with their own tax advisers regarding the possible implications of FATCA on their investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 21 December 2021, agreed with the 
Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”.  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(A) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(B) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(C) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, specifies “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in respect of any Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and 
UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 1129/2017 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Hong Kong  
The Notes may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than (i) to persons 
whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); or (ii) to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the 
SFO) and any rules made under the SFO; or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance 
(Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the 
meaning of the C(WUMP)O. 
No person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made under the SFO. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes 
described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the 
Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, 
sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
board of directors of the Issuer dated 24 November 2021.  
Listing of Notes 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as a base prospectus.  Application 
has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and admitted to trading and/or quotation by the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or any 
other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Irish Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme to 
the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Documents Available  
For the life of this Base Prospectus, the following documents will, when published, be available for 
inspection at https://www.kvika.is/en/investor-relations/prospectuses: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including Final 
Terms and Pricing Supplements (save that a Pricing Supplement will only be available for inspection 
by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other 
documents incorporated therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and Final Terms relating 
to Notes listed on Euronext Dublin will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records.  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement.  The relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking SA, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 30 
September 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2020. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors  
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte ehf., State Authorised Public Accountants of Smáratorgi 3, 201 
Kópavogi, Iceland, who have audited the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019, without qualification, which were prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the EU for each of the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
The auditors are members of The Institute of State Authorised Public Accountants and are independent 
within the meaning of Independent State Authorised Public Accountant. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities.  Certain 
of the Dealers and/or their affiliates have, directly or indirectly, performed investment and commercial 
banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer, for which they have received customary fees and 
commissions, and they expect to provide these services to the Issuer and its affiliates in the future, for which 
they also expect to receive customary fees and commissions.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in the Issuer's securities, including potentially the Notes.  Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of the Notes.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes which are not Exempt Notes, an indication of 
the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at 
the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price and on the basis of the rate of interest as at 
the Issue Date of the Notes.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue 
Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Websites 
In this Base Prospectus, reference to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) are inactive textual 
references.  The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated 
into, this Base Prospectus. 
Original language references 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 159 ---
ISSUER 
Kvika banki hf.  
Katrínartún 2 
 105 Reykjavík 
 Iceland 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT  
REGISTRAR  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
 
ARRANGER 
Swedbank AB (publ)  
SE-105 34  
Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
DEALERS  
 
Jefferies GmbH 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp  
Satamaradankatu 5  
FI-00020 Nordea  
Finland 
Kvika banki hf.  
Katrínartún 2 
 105 Reykjavík 
 Iceland  
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34  
Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Icelandic law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
LOGOS 
Efstaleiti 5 
103 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
Deloitte ehf. 
 Smáratorgi 3

--- Page 160 ---
201 Kópavogi 
Iceland 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP 
UKO2: 2003635033.14