--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 30 March 2023 
 
 
 
LÄNSFÖRSÄKRINGAR BANK AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden under corporate registration number 516401-9878) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Due from One month from the date of original issue 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the Programme), Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) (the Issuer or 
the Bank), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Not es (the Notes). 
Under the Programme, Notes may be (i) senior preferred notes with the ranking described in Condition 3(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the Senior Preferred Notes), (ii) senior non-preferred notes with the ranking described in Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or (iii) subordinated notes with the ranking described in Condition 3(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(the Subordinated Notes). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in 
other currencies). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of some of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be c onsidered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Pro spectus or the quality 
or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities. Application has 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list and traded on the Regu lated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.  
In relation to Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area  (the EEA), this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of one year from the date hereof. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid and the validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 30 March 2024.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) only applies 
to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in finan cial instruments as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR) and/or offered to the public in the United 
Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
and the FSMA. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in co nnection with Exempt Notes. 
Each Series (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary global note 
in bearer form (each a temporary Global Note) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a permanent Global Note). Notes in registered form 
will be represented by registered certificates (each a Certificate), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Global Notes and Certificates may (or in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will) be deposited 
on the issue date with a common depositary or, as the case may be, a common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes 
and definitive Notes are described in “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”) may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). It is expected that the Senior Preferred Notes will 
be rated A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and A1 by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (Moody’s). A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the a ssigning rating agency. 
See “General Description of the Programme” for the meanings of the ratings set out above. Both S&P and Moody’s are established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of S&P and Moody’s is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Neither S&P 
nor Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom and, accordingly, any ratings assigned to the Notes by Moody’s and/or S&P will be endorsed by 
S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Moody’s Investors Service Limited, respectively, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation) for use in the United Kingdom. Each of S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited is established in the United Kingdom and registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the 
Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is appl icable to each Tranche will 
be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
Arranger 
UBS Investment Bank 
Dealers 
Credit Suisse 
Danske Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
NatWest Markets 
Nordea 
SEB 
Swedbank 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below).   
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger or the Trustee (as defined in “General Description of the 
Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer or the Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (the Bank Group) since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Bank Group since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers, the Arranger and the Trustee to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restriction. The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax 
law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee have not separately verified the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements 
are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Prospective investors 
should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. Each 
potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer or the Bank Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to 
the attention of any of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any responsibility for any “green” or 
“environmental” assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined herein) under the 
Programme or makes any representation or warranty or assurance as to whether such Notes will meet 
any investor expectations or requirements regarding any “green”, “environmental” or similar labels. The 
Dealers, the Arranger and the Trustee have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any 
assessment or verification of the Green Loans (as defined herein) and their impact, or monitoring of the 
use of the net proceeds of any such Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto). No representation or 
assurance is given by any Dealer or the Arranger or the Trustee as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion, report or certification of any third party made available in connection with any issue of Green 
Bonds, nor is any such opinion, report or certification a recommendation by any Dealer or the Arranger 
or the Trustee to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any Green Bonds are, or are intended 
to be, listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated “green”, “environmental” or 
other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. Prospective investors should refer to the Issuer's 
Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion (each as referred to in the risk factor titled “In 
respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor” below), 
and for the avoidance of doubt, these are not incorporated into, and do not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
In this document, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references to U.S. 
dollars, U.S.$ and dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to 
euro, EUR and € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union (the EU), as 
amended, references to Sterling and £ are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, and references 
to Swedish Kronor, Kronor, Swedish Krona, Krona and SEK are to the lawful currency of the 
Kingdom of Sweden. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes may, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), be calculated by reference to one 
of EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW or CDOR. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle 
Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and ASX Benchmarks Limited (as administrator of AUD-
BBR-BBSW) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of CDOR, STIBOR or HKD-HIBOR are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that (i) none of Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited 
(as administrator of CDOR) and Treasury Markets Association (as administrator of HKD-HIBOR), is 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence) and (ii) following the submission by the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility of an application for authorisation to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 27 
December 2021, STIBOR may continue to be used, unless and until such authorisation is refused.  
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes, 
or in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II (as defined below) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes, 
or in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) – Unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes, 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Table of Contents 
Chapter 
  
 
 
 
 
Page 
General Description of the Programme...........  
 
 
 
 
7 
Risk Factors ...............................................  
 
 
 
 
13 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ..........  
 
 
 
 
33 
Applicable Final Terms ................................  
 
 
 
 
35 
Applicable Pricing Supplement......................  
 
 
 
 
49 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................  
 
 
 
 
64 
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form……  
 
98 
Use of Proceeds .........................................  
 
 
 
 
103 
Description of the Issuer ..............................  
 
 
 
 
104 
Taxation ....................................................  
 
 
 
 
113 
Subscription and Sale..................................  
 
 
 
 
116 
General Information.....................................  
 
 
 
 
121

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
General Description of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall 
be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, 
in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
 
Issuer: 
Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) 
Issuer 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
549300C6TUMDXNOVXS82 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. As set out 
under “Risk Factors” above, these risks include credit risks resulting 
from the Issuer’s lending activities; currency risks (which arise as the 
Issuer currently lends in Swedish Kronor but may fund itself in foreign 
currencies); risks relating to the Issuer’s dependence on the ability to 
refinance borrowings on their maturity; the risk of incurring losses due 
to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control routines, 
human errors or external events that affect operations; risks relating 
to regulatory supervision of the Issuer’s business; and risks relating to 
competition within the Swedish banking sector. 
 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and include 
certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of Notes; and 
certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time. 
Arranger: 
UBS Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
Danske Bank A/S  
J.P. Morgan SE 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Nordea Bank Abp  
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)  
Swedbank AB (publ)  
UBS Europe SE 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to Permanent 
Dealers are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
8 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and to Dealers are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Trustee: 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a Series) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
will be completed in the final terms (the Final Terms) or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the pricing supplement (the Pricing Supplement). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. The Issue Price will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only (Bearer Notes), in 
bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes) or in registered form only (Registered Notes). Each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be 
represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if (i) definitive Notes 
are to be made available to Noteholders following the expiry of 40 
days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an initial maturity of 
more than one year and are being issued in compliance with the D 
Rules (as defined in “General Description of the Programme – Selling 
Restrictions”), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a 
permanent Global Note.  
Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one Certificate 
being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing Registered 
Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, are referred to as Global 
Certificates. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global Note 
representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or the 
Certificate representing Registered Notes may (or, in the case of 
Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited 
with a common depositary or, as the case may be, a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global 
Notes or Certificates relating to Notes that are not listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited with any other 
clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance 
by the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or 
more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of 
nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be.

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
9 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one month from the date of original issue. 
According to the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF is not competent 
to approve prospectuses for the admission to trading of money market 
instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months and 
complying also with the definition of securities stated therein. 
Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, save that (i) the minimum denomination of Notes 
(other than in the case of Exempt Notes) shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); 
and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from 
their date of issue will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. 
Fixed Reset Notes: 
Fixed Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at 
the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, relevant Pricing Supplement) by reference to a mid-market 
swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal 
to the reset period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each 
case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating either the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series), or the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as published by 
ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of 
the relevant Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement); or 
 
(ii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, 
AUD-BBR-BBSW or CDOR (or such other benchmark as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement)) as adjusted 
for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
10 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and any Benchmark Amendments, as further described in 
Condition 5(l). 
Interest 
Periods 
and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual 
periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
relevant Pricing Supplement) will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable which for Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes will be at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Status of Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and the claims of holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, 
rank as described in Condition 3(a) in relation to the claims of other 
creditors.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and the claims of holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (Sw: 
likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs) of the Issuer, rank as 
described in Condition 3(b) in relation to the claims of other creditors.  
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. Payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be 
subordinated as described in Condition 3(c). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Early Redemption: 
Early redemption of any Notes will be permitted:

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
11 
(i) 
at the option of the Issuer, for taxation reasons as described 
in Condition 6(c);  
(ii) 
following an Event of Default as described in Condition 10; 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, where “Redemption upon 
occurrence of Capital Event” is specified to be applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement), at the option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event as described in 
Condition 6(h); 
(iv) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, where “Eligible Liabilities Event Redemption” is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence 
of an Eligible Liabilities Event in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as described in 
Condition 6(i); 
but will otherwise be permitted only to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their original maturity date only with 
the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (as defined in Condition 
6(j)) (if such consent is required (in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations or (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Applicable 
MREL Regulations). 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest will be made free and clear of 
and without withholding or deduction for any taxes of the Kingdom of 
Sweden unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to the exceptions set out in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Taxation”) pay (in respect of payments of 
interest only) such additional amounts as will result in the holders of 
Notes or Coupons receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
Governing Law: 
English, except that Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws 
of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made for Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement. It is 
expected that Senior Preferred Notes will be rated A by S&P and A1 
by Moody’s. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold

--- Page 12 ---
General Description of the Programme 
12 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
As defined by S&P, an obligation rated A is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. 
However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment on 
the obligation is still strong. 
 
As defined by Moody’s, an obligation rated A is considered upper-
medium grade and is subject to low credit risk. Numerical modifier 1 
indicates a ranking in the higher end of that generic A rating category. 
 
Each of S&P and Moody’s is established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P and Moody’s is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
such Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and 
Belgium. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the D Rules) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement states that 
Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the C Rules) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in 
which the Notes will not constitute “registration required obligations” 
under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 
1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing 
Supplement as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Risk Factors 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including economic and market risks, 
risks relating to the Issuer’s operations and business, finance risks and legal and regulatory risks, as 
well as risks related to the Notes generally, risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes, 
risks related to the market and risks applicable to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes. The Issuer’s assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the 
probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description of 
the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates made on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference, and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factor in a category is 
presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in 
order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than 
one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
1. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Economic and market risks 
Risks relating to the Swedish banking industry and the demand for the Issuer’s products 
Sweden has one of the most consolidated banking sectors in Europe. The Swedish banking market is 
dominated by a few large banks. The risks within the banking sector mainly consist of credit and market 
risks. Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty of the Issuer cannot meet its obligations and the 
risk that pledged assets will not cover the Issuer’s claim on that counterparty. Market risk is defined as 
the risk that changes in interest rates, exchange rates and asset prices will lead to a decline in the value 
of the Issuer’s net assets and liabilities. In the Issuer’s opinion, the banking sector in Sweden is 
characterised by good credit quality compared to several other European countries, which has led to a 
history of low levels of credit losses for Swedish banks. The low credit risk profile reflects the dominance 
of retail business among Swedish banks. High cost efficiency and low risk profile are significant to the 
Swedish bank sector. In recent years, up until 2022, low interest rates, low inflation, higher real estate 
prices and increased disposable income for the households have led to a continued strong growth in 
demand for mortgage loans, especially in the residential mortgage sector. During 2022, both inflation 
and interest rates increased sharply causing an increase in the cost of living, and the housing market 
started to slow down. The degree to which a downturn or deterioration in macroeconomic conditions in 
Sweden may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s ability to 
attract and maintain customers in order to generate revenue and profit. 
Increased competition and lower margins are potential future challenges for the banks and in particular 
within the mortgage segment. The demand for the Issuer’s products is also dependent on the 
customers’ forecasts for the future, market rates and other factors that have an influence on the 
customers’ financial situation. The degree to which increased competition in the financial services 
industry may affect the Issuer’s margin is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Issuer’s 
revenue, margins and results of operations. Operating in a changing environment means that the Bank 
Group takes on risks related to its business model and strategy. 
Changing market conditions through economic downturns, increased competition, changes in business 
laws/regulations or other external factors may negatively affect the Bank Group’s business model and 
may in turn lead to loss of current revenue streams or missed future revenue opportunities. The ability 
of the board of directors and CEO of the Issuer to plan, organise, follow up on and control the operations 
and to continuously monitor market conditions is important. Failure to do so may result in a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
Risks relating to the Swedish residential mortgage market 
The Swedish residential mortgage market is dominated by a few banks and one government-owned 
mortgage institution. Low interest rates, rising housing prices and strong increases in disposable 
household income have led to continued strong growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
mortgage market. One of the main risks related to the Swedish residential mortgage market is the credit 
risk associated with borrowers’ creditworthiness, and their ability to make payments under the mortgage 
loan, and with the value of the mortgaged properties. The relatively low risk profile among Swedish 
mortgage institutions reflects a high degree of lending to single-family homes, moderate loan-to-value 
ratios, high lending standards and a relatively strong repayment incentive among borrowers. However, 
it should be noted that the debt-to-income ratio of borrowers continues to increase, and in addition, 
household debt in relation to gross domestic product (GDP) is relatively high in Sweden compared to 
other European countries. The housing market has been strong for many years, driven by low interest 
rates, strong household finances, low supply of new homes in growth regions and population growth. 
However, during 2022, high inflation and high interest rates have slowed down the housing market and 
house prices have declined. In relation to new homes, there has recently been a substantial increase 
in newly-built multi-family dwellings which could reduce demand in that particular market segment for 
the foreseeable future, which could further have a negative impact on the housing market. House prices 
may be negatively affected by, for example, changes in regulations affecting the mortgage market 
directly or indirectly or by a quick rise in interest rates or unemployment levels. The Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the Swedish FSA) has implemented regulations 
imposing more stringent amortisation requirements on residential mortgages. If the Swedish housing 
market were to decline further, and demand for new loans, as a consequence, were to significantly 
decrease, this would negatively affect the demand for the Issuer’s offering of loans in the Swedish 
residential mortgage market, and could thereby adversely affect the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations, margins and value of mortgage collateral. 
Risks relating to disruptions in the global credit markets and economy 
Financial markets are subject to periods of volatility and the economic climate in the region is exposed 
to political risk, which may impact the Issuer’s ability to raise debt in a similar manner, and at a similar 
cost, to the funding raised in the past. Challenging market conditions may result in greater volatility and 
reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets, which 
may negatively affect the Issuer. These conditions and changes in investment markets, including, but 
not limited to, changes in interest rates and exchange rates, may affect the financial performance of the 
Issuer. In addition, the financial performance of the Issuer could be adversely affected by a worsening 
of general economic conditions in the markets in which it operates.  
During March 2023, the collapse of the Silicon Valley Bank threw the global financial markets into turmoil 
with increased volatility and widening credit spreads. The distress in the financial markets put Credit 
Suisse Group AG, a Swiss global systemically important bank (G-SIB), under high pressure and put 
the markets under additional stress. In order to avoid a potential insolvency of a G-SIB, the Swiss 
government brokered a deal to let UBS Group AG acquire Credit Suisse Group AG. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, it is highly uncertain how large the potential negative effects of the recent turmoil 
will be and for how long they may last. 
The ongoing war in Ukraine could have a negative impact on the global economy leading to lower GDP 
growth, higher energy prices and turbulence in financial markets. This could have a negative effect on 
the Issuer through, for example, reduced costumer demand for the Issuer’s products, higher loan loss 
provisions for expected credit losses due to a more negative macroeconomic outlook and more difficult 
funding markets. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is highly uncertain how large the potential 
negative effects will be and how long the war will continue.  
The degree to which disruptions in the global credit markets and economy may affect the Issuer is 
uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the profitability and financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Kingdom of Sweden 
The government debt issues in Sweden are rated Aaa by Moody’s and AAA by S&P. Relatively healthy 
public finances, a declining government debt and a competitive export sector, together with a well-
educated labour force and a high standard of living compared to some other European and non-
European countries are some of the credit strengths that are significant for Sweden. In relation to credit, 
the challenging factors are high tax rates and rigidities in labour and product markets. Although Sweden 
has an ageing population, the pension system reforms are considered to help insulate these costs from 
the rest of the government finances. The credit ratings of government debt indicate credit risks 
associated with Sweden and since the Issuer conducts all its business activities in Sweden, the general

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
economic conditions and creditworthiness of Sweden may affect the Issuer and its financial result. A 
deterioration of such credit ratings may influence investors’ willingness to invest in financial instruments 
issued by the Issuer, which in turn can have a negative impact on the operations and financial position 
of the Issuer. 
Operational and business risks 
Credit risks and counterparty risks 
Credit risk is the risk of a potential financial loss arising from the failure of a counterparty to fulfil its 
financial obligations as they fall due (and such loss is not covered by any collateral (if any)). The Issuer’s 
credit risk primarily arises from its lending activities. Furthermore, credit risk includes transfer risk, 
settlement risk and credit risk in financial instruments such as derivatives. The Issuer enters into 
agreements with counterparties for interest-rate and currency swaps, which exposes the Issuer to 
counterparty risks. Counterparty risk is the risk of a counterparty being unable to fulfil its commitments 
to the Issuer, which could lead to losses. Failure to control these risks can result in a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s financial position. There are also credit risks related to the investments in liquid 
assets within the Issuer’s liquidity reserve. 
One of the core and main businesses of the Bank Group (as defined in “Description of the Issuer”) is 
residential mortgage lending to Swedish borrowers. The business risk principally pertains to credit risks 
on the Bank Group’s customers. The Bank Group’s business shows relatively low credit risks and the 
Bank Group has historically showed low credit losses. This is largely due to the fact that the Bank Group 
primarily lends against security over Swedish residential real property (Sw: fastigheter), residential site 
leasehold rights (Sw: tomträtter) and residential tenant ownership rights (Sw: bostadsrätter). The 
volume of historical credit losses is however not any indication as to the volume of any future credit 
losses. As the principal part of the Bank Group’s lending is made against security over real property, 
site leasehold rights and tenant ownership rights, the risks associated with the Bank Group’s business 
are linked to the development of the Swedish real estate and housing market. During 2022, the Swedish 
real estate and housing market declined, albeit from high levels. The degree to which the decline will 
continue is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the profitability, financial position and results of 
operations of the Issuer. This could also negatively affect the value of the security granted for the Bank 
Group’s lending which in turn presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s loss levels. 
Operating within the banking sector and offering financial products and services involves taking 
calculated risks. The intention is that the risks linked with these products and services are taken 
consciously and are reflected in, and covered by, the prices offered to the customers.  
For the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s credit loss amounted to SEK 
123 million, net (compared to SEK -331 million, net for the same period in 2021), which corresponds to 
a credit loss level of 0.03 per cent. (compared to -0.09 per cent. for the same period in 2021). The main 
part of the loan loss provisions has been attributed to the Issuer’s subsidiary, Wasa Kredit, albeit 
representing a limited part of the Bank Group’s total lending. Although the Issuer has had low credit 
losses historically, the Issuer estimates that the credit risk and the counterparty risk are the most 
significant risks to which the business is exposed. If the above risks were to occur, the Issuer estimates 
that they will have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s earnings and financial position. 
The degree to which the risks related to failed assessments of the credit risk and creditworthiness of 
loan applicants and customers may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk 
to the Issuer’s loss levels and results of operations. 
IT failure and cyber risks 
Identification, management and control of operational risks is a clear and integrated part of the Issuer’s 
business but deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control routines, human errors, incorrect 
systems or external events that affect operations may occur. This could result in a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s financial position, business, the products and services it offers or its assets. The 
most significant operational risks for the Issuer are information technology (IT) risks. 
The Bank Group depends on the success of its business continuity planning, the uninterrupted and 
efficient operation of its information and communications systems, including its IT (to manage critical 
business processes as well as administrative functions), monitoring and protective measures and the

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
successful development and implementation of new systems. However, as is the case for IT systems 
generally, losses could result from inadequate or failed internal control processes and protection 
systems, human error, fraud or external events that interrupt normal business operations. This could 
result in a loss of data and a failure to provide quality service to customers, which in turn can cause 
direct financial loss and may compromise the Bank Group’s strategic initiatives. Technology failure or 
underperformance could also increase the Bank Group’s litigation and regulatory exposure or require it 
to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation costs). Further, an irrecoverable loss of any 
customer database would be expensive and time-consuming to endeavour to retrieve or recreate. 
LFAB (as defined in “Description of the Issuer” below) is providing the Bank Group with certain services 
related to intragroup IT and administration systems. Consequently, and in addition to the risk related to 
IT set out above, the Bank Group is dependent on LFAB in relation to (i) its general IT and data security 
infrastructure, (ii) its strategies for intellectual property rights and data security and (iii) its relations with 
certain suppliers. If LFAB were to fail in any of the above, or if its own systems would fail, it would have 
a major impact on the Issuer’s ability to conduct its business and further have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s financial result. 
IT is developing rapidly and characterised by short product life cycles. There is a risk that the Issuer 
fails to foresee, manage or implement technical changes at all or fast enough, that there are too many 
development-related disturbances in daily operations and that the lifecycle management of other 
support systems are lagging behind, which may lead to additional costs. Accordingly, these accentuate 
the IT-related risks and thus further increase the negative outcomes. The degree to which IT failures 
may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s operations. 
Compliance risks 
The banking and financing sector is heavily regulated and, as a group conducting banking and financing 
operations, the Bank Group is subject to regulations and regulatory supervision pursuant to numerous 
directives, laws, regulations and policies issued by, inter alia, the EU and Sweden. Legal or regulatory 
developments and/or changes in supervisory policies or evaluation methods could materially affect the 
Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers or the value of its assets. 
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires, among other things, guidelines and 
policies for the accurate registration and control of a large number of transactions and events. However, 
there is a risk that such guidelines and policies are not always adequate and compliant with applicable 
regulations. Non-compliance with, as well as deficiencies in, guidelines and policies for risk 
management that leads to negative publicity or criticism and fines from the Swedish FSA or other 
regulators within the financial sector would thus have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
reputation. Furthermore, any non-compliance that leads to fines from the Swedish FSA or other 
regulators would require the Issuer to pay amounts (which may be significant) and take measures to 
ensure compliance (see “Description of the Issuer – Recent Developments – Anti-money laundering 
sanction” below for further information). The degree to which alterations in the regulatory landscape in 
which the Issuer operates may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the 
Issuer’s compliance costs. 
As a lender to individuals, the Issuer processes large quantities of personal data relating to its 
customers. Such processing of personal data is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny following 
the implementation of the general data protection regulation 2016/679/EU (GDPR) that became 
applicable as of 25 May 2018. Efforts to continuously ensure compliance with the GDPR is time-
consuming and costly. Any non-compliance with applicable data protection legislation, risks leading to 
substantial administrative fines and other actions which would have a material effect on the ability of 
the Issuer to conduct its business, such as a temporary or permanent ban on data processing. Any 
administrative or monetary sanctions (including administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 
million or 4.0 per cent. of the total annual turnover) would adversely affect the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. The degree to which non-compliance with applicable 
requirements may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s 
operations and reputation.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
Finance risks 
Liquidity and financing risks 
Liquidity risk is the risk of the Issuer, due to insufficient cash and cash equivalents, being unable to fulfil 
its commitments or only being able to fulfil its commitments by borrowing cash and cash equivalents at 
a significantly higher cost. Liquidity risk also refers to the risk of financial instruments that cannot 
immediately be converted to cash and cash equivalents without decreasing in value. Furthermore, if the 
Issuer’s inability to meet its payment obligations when they fall due is not temporary, it could mean that 
the Issuer might be considered insolvent.  
Financing risk is the risk that the Issuer, in the event of financing maturity, does not successfully 
refinance the maturity or only succeeds in borrowing at substantially increased costs. The Bank Group’s 
total lending exceeds the deposit volumes which leads to a dependence on capital markets to raise 
funding. The Issuer’s lending is to a large extent made on longer terms than the Issuer’s funding. 
Therefore, the Issuer is dependent on the ability to refinance borrowings upon their maturity.  
Since the Issuer is not a listed company, it does not have direct access to the equity capital markets, 
and as a consequence, the Issuer is partly dependent upon its owner LFAB as a source for capital. If 
LFAB does not provide the Issuer with capital to the extent the Issuer needs it, this can have a negative 
impact on the Issuer’s business. As LFAB is also not a listed company, it is in turn dependent on its 
owners, the 23 independent, local and customer-owned regional insurance companies in Sweden, as 
a source for capital. 
The degree to which the liquidity and financing risks may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a 
highly significant risk to the Issuer’s capacity to fulfil its payment obligations. 
Intercreditor agreement and subordination of the Issuer’s claims against LF Hypotek 
The Issuer and Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) (LF Hypotek) have granted, and will grant 
additional, loans to certain borrowers which are secured by security granted to the Issuer and LF 
Hypotek jointly and/or on a first and second ranking basis with respect to existing and/or future 
obligations of the borrowers (the Joint Collateral). The Issuer and LF Hypotek have, in an intercreditor 
agreement, agreed that, unless otherwise agreed in a specific case in relation to a certain borrower, LF 
Hypotek’s claims in respect of the Joint Collateral (and any income from the realisation thereof) shall 
rank senior to the Issuer’s claims in respect thereof. If the proceeds following an enforcement of Joint 
Collateral are not sufficient to repay all amounts due under or in respect of the loans for which such 
Joint Collateral is granted there is a risk that the Issuer will only receive partial or no repayment of its 
loan to such borrower which in turn presents a significant risk to the Issuer’s loss levels and results of 
operations. 
Market risks 
Market risk is the risk of loss or reduced future income due to market fluctuations. The Issuer’s main 
market risks includes currency risk and interest rate risk. The Issuer currently lends in Swedish Kronor 
but may fund itself in foreign currencies. The currency risk arising in connection with the funding involves 
a risk of financial loss as a result of changes in exchange rates and which may have a negative impact 
on the financial results of the Issuer. In order to limit the currency risk, the Issuer uses derivative 
instruments and is therefore dependent on a liquid and well-functioning derivatives market. The interest 
rate risks in the Issuer’s business arise when there is an imbalance in the interest rate structure between 
its assets and liabilities and corresponding off-balance-sheet items. The Issuer limits its exposure to 
interest rate fluctuations by the use of derivative instruments and by matching the interest rate and the 
maturity structure for its assets and liabilities. If the derivatives market becomes illiquid it could have a 
negative impact on the Issuer’s currency risk since it would no longer be possible to dispose of the 
currency risk through the use of derivative agreements or it would be substantially more expensive. 
Depending on how illiquid the derivatives market would be, and how SEK would develop against other 
currencies the Issuer is funding itself in, the negative impact on the Issuer’s earnings and financial 
position could be significant.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
Legal and regulatory risks  
Increased capital requirements and standards 
The Issuer is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a 
comprehensive and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among 
financial institutions. Regulations which have impacted the Issuer and are expected to continue to 
impact the Issuer include, among others, the Basel III framework, the EU Capital Requirements 
Directive 2013/36/EU (the CRD IV), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (CRD V) and the EU 
Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR 
II) (together the CRR) and, by Regulation (EU) 2020/873. CRR and CRD IV are supported by a set of 
binding technical standards developed by the European Banking Authority. The regulatory framework 
will continue to evolve and any resulting changes could have a material impact on the Issuer’s business.  
 
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components 
in the capital base with the highest quality: common equity tier 1 (CET1), additional tier 1 capital and 
tier 2 capital. CRR II also introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement 
independent from the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) 
for all institutions subject to the CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides 
for further capital buffer requirements that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers 
may be applicable to the Issuer as determined by the Swedish FSA.  
The countercyclical buffer rate is a capital requirement which varies over time and is to be used to 
support credit supply in adverse market conditions. On 29 September 2021, the Swedish FSA 
communicated that the countercyclical capital buffer for Sweden was to be increased from 0 per cent. 
to 1.0 per cent. on 29 September 2022, and to 2 per cent. with effect from 22 June 2023. A breach of 
the combined buffer requirements is likely to result in restrictions on certain discretionary capital 
distributions by the Issuer, for example, dividends on CET1 and coupon payments on tier 1 capital 
instruments. 
For the period 31 December 2018 to 30 December 2023, the Swedish FSA has changed the method 
for applying the risk-weight floor for Swedish mortgages. The change has increased the Issuer Pillar 1 
Risk Exposure Amount (REA) significantly, but is not viewed to have any material effect on the total 
(Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) capital requirement in nominal terms. However, given the increase in REA, the 
actual capital ratios of the Issuer (expressed as a percentage of REA) have decreased. Consequently, 
the Issuer’s headroom to pay dividends on CET1 capital and make discretionary distributions has 
reduced compared to previous periods. 
Furthermore, a degree of uncertainty prevails surrounding future capital requirements due to 
forthcoming regulatory changes in the near future. Among other actions and changes, on 20 November 
2020, the Swedish FSA approved the regulatory amendments and changes in the application of capital 
requirements for Swedish banks in order to adapt to the EU banking package. This pertains primarily 
to the introduction of leverage ratio requirements, changes in the application of Pillar 2 requirements as 
well as the Swedish FSA’s position related to the implementation of Pillar 2 guidelines and the 
application of the capital buffers. 
The conditions of the Issuer’s business as well as external conditions are constantly changing and the 
full set of capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve.  
Serious or systematic deviations by the Issuer from the above regulations would most likely lead to the 
Swedish FSA determining that the Issuer’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness 
requirement for credit institutions and thus result in the Swedish FSA imposing sanctions on the Issuer. 
Further, any increase in the capital and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on the 
Issuer’s liquidity (should its revenue streams not cover continuous payment to be made under its issued 
capital), funding (should it not be able to raise funding on attractive terms, or at all), financial condition 
(should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) and results of operations (should its costs increase). 
The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity requirements risks may affect the Issuer is uncertain 
and present highly significant risks to the Issuer’s funding and liquidity position.

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer is subject to EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) known as the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
(which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II) on 27 June 2019 and most of the new rules 
in BRRD II started to apply from mid-2021). The BRRD legislative package establishes a framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and, inter alia, requires EU credit institutions to produce 
and maintain recovery plans setting out the arrangements that may be taken to restore the long-term 
viability of the institution in the event of a material deterioration of its financial position.  
The BRRD contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution 
authority (in Sweden, the Swedish National Debt Office (Sw. Riksgäldskontoret)) upon certain 
conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers may be used alone or in combination 
and include, inter alia, a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, certain other eligible liabilities, whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of the institution in 
resolution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims, including claims under the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, into any other security, including CET1 
instruments of the surviving entity, which equity could also be subject to any further application of the 
general bail-in tool. This means that most of such failing institution’s debt (including in the case of the 
Issuer, Notes issued under the Programme) could be subject to bail-in, except for certain classes of 
debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities.  
Relevant claims for the purposes of the general bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders in 
respect of any Notes issued under the Programme. Further, the BRRD provides for relevant authorities 
to have the further power, before any other resolution action is taken, to permanently write-down or 
convert into equity, relevant capital instruments such as Subordinated Notes issued under the 
Programme at the point of non-viability. Ultimately, the authority may take control of a failing institution 
and, for example, transfer the institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity pending 
a private sector arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any prior shareholder consent. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how institutions are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of eligible liabilities may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of subordinated 
liabilities (such as Subordinated Notes), non-viability loss absorption. In such circumstances, this may 
result in holders of Notes losing some or all of their investment. The general bail-in tool can be used to 
recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the 
resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The write-down and 
conversion power can be used either together with, or also, independently of, a resolution action. Other 
powers provided to resolution authorities under the BRRD in respect of debt instruments (which could 
include the Notes) include replacing or substituting the institution as obligor in respect of such debt 
instruments, modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount 
of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or discontinuing the 
listing and admission to trading of debt instruments.  
It is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the Swedish National Debt Office 
provided in the BRRD (as implemented into Swedish law) will affect the Issuer, the Bank Group or the 
Noteholders. However, the powers and tools given to the Swedish National Debt Office are numerous 
and the exercise of any of those powers or any suggestion of such exercise would, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders (should the Notes be written-down or converted to other 
securities as set out above), the price or value of the Notes (should the secondary market not trade the 
Notes at their nominal amount) and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
(should the resolution authority take control over the Issuer in certain scenarios). The degree to which 
amendments to BRRD or application of BRRD may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly 
significant risk to the Issuer’s funding and compliance costs. 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities under the BRRD 
In order to, among other things, ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, all in-
scope institutions must have sufficient own funds and eligible liabilities available to absorb losses and 
contribute to recapitalisation if the bail-in tool were to be applied. Each institution must meet an 
individual minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL), calculated as percentage

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
of a risk-weighted and a non-risk-weighted requirement and set by the relevant resolution authorities 
(being the Swedish National Debt Office for Sweden) on a case by case basis. 
The MREL requirement has been required to be met as from 1 January 2018. On 13 October 2021, the 
Swedish National Debt Office decided on a new MREL policy on how to implement MREL due to the 
amended rules in BRRD II. The phase in of the new MREL requirements commenced on 1 January 
2022, with completion on 1 January 2024. MREL will be met with own funds, subordinated eligible 
liabilities and eligible liabilities.  
Further, given that the MREL requirements must be met by all EU credit institutions (not just those 
identified as being of a particular size or of systemic importance), there is a risk that there is not sufficient 
investor appetite in the debt markets for the aggregate volume of eligible liabilities which must be issued 
up until 1 January 2024, which would have a negative effect on the price and value of such instruments. 
The degree to which the price and value of such instruments may vary is uncertain and presents a 
highly significant risk to the Issuer’s revenue. 
Anti-money laundering 
The Bank Group’s business is subject to a regulatory framework which requires the Bank Group to take 
measures to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing within its operations. Criminal activity 
within the banking industry, in which the Bank Group operates, has been increasingly uncovered in 
recent years. This area, not least the issue of money laundering, received particularly intense media 
scrutiny in the last few years. There is a risk that the Bank Group’s procedures, internal control functions 
and guidelines to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing are not sufficient or adequate to 
ensure that the Bank Group complies with the regulatory framework. This may result from, for example, 
insufficient procedures, internal control functions or guidelines, or errors by employees, suppliers or 
counterparties.  
Failure to comply with the applicable rules and regulations could result in legal implications. If the Bank 
Group were to become subject to remarks or warnings and/or administrative fines imposed by the 
Swedish FSA, this presents a highly significant risk and potentially irreparable damage to the reputation 
of the Bank Group and, as a result, the Bank Group’s business, financial position and results of 
operations could be materially adversely affected. 
Changes in tax legislation 
The Bank Group’s business and transactions are conducted in accordance with the Bank Group’s 
interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law and requirements of the tax 
authorities. However, there can be no assurance that the Bank Group’s interpretation of applicable 
laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law or other rules or administrative practice is correct, or that such 
rules or practice will not change, possibly with retroactive effect. It is currently not possible to predict if 
or when new proposals for changes to tax legislation will be presented or what they will look like.  
It should be noted that new legislation introducing a new bank levy, also known as risk tax, entered into 
force on 1 January 2022. The new legislation applies to Swedish credit institutions and Swedish 
branches of foreign credit institutions with liabilities in excess of SEK 150 billion (pursuant to the 2022 
threshold). In general, the tax is based on each credit institution’s opening balance of liabilities and the 
tax is 0.05 per cent. of the taxable basis (0.06 per cent. for tax years starting after 31 December 2022). 
Since the Issuer is subject to the new bank levy, the Issuer’s tax expenses have increased, which may 
have a negative impact on its financial position. 
Risks relating to changes in accounting standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the IASB), the EU and other 
regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation 
of the Issuer’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact 
how the Issuer records and reports its results of operations and financial condition. 
The degree to which changes in accounting standards may affect the Bank Group as a whole is 
uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s costs for regulatory capital and 
consequently to the Issuer’s financial position.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
Changes to the Swedish Deposit Insurance Scheme 
The Swedish Deposit Insurance Scheme (SDIS) guarantees the depositors’ deposits in the event the 
Issuer is declared bankrupt or if the Swedish FSA determines that the SDIS should be activated in a 
given situation. The SDIS is administered by the Swedish National Debt Office. If activated, the 
insurance guarantees each customer compensation amounting to the value of the total funds in their 
account(s) with the Issuer, plus accrued interest, until the time of bankruptcy or the Swedish FSA’s 
activation decision. The maximum compensation is an amount of SEK 1,050,000, with some 
exceptions. The maximum compensation in SEK is converted from EUR 100,000 every five years in 
accordance with the Swedish Deposit Insurance Act (1995:1571). Hence, changes in the exchange rate 
may have a negative impact on the maximum compensation amount. There is also a risk that regulatory 
changes which decrease the maximum compensation amount or change the SDIS, are implemented, 
which could have a negative effect on the amount of customer savings deposit currently held with the 
Issuer. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks relating to all Notes issued under the Programme 
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities of the Issuer’s subsidiaries 
A major part of the Bank Group’s business is to provide its customers with mortgage loans. Historically 
mortgage loans with loan-to-value up to 75 percent were placed in the Issuer’s subsidiary (LF Hypotek) 
and mortgage loans with loan-to-value above 75 percent and up to 85 percent were placed in the Issuer. 
From mid-2022, there has been a change and mortgage loans with loan-to-value up to 85 percent are 
now provided by LF Hypotek. 
As a significant share of the Issuer’s revenue derives from the mortgage loans held by LF Hypotek, the 
Issuer is reliant on the ability of LF Hypotek to advance loans or make dividend distributions to the 
Issuer to enable it to meet its payment obligations (including making payments under the Notes). The 
Issuer is thus dependent upon receipt of sufficient income arising from the operations of LF Hypotek. 
All of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, including LF Hypotek, (the Subsidiaries) are legally separate and 
distinct from the Issuer and have no obligation to pay amounts due with respect to the Issuer’s 
obligations and commitments or to make funds available for such payments. The ability of the 
Subsidiaries to make such payments to the Issuer is subject to, among other things, the availability of 
funds, corporate restrictions, the terms of each operation’s indebtedness (including, but not limited to, 
LF Hypotek’s issuance of covered bonds) and Swedish law. No present or future subsidiary of the Issuer 
will guarantee or provide any security for the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and consequently the 
Noteholders do not have any recourse to the assets of the Subsidiaries. 
If any subsidiary of the Issuer is subject to any foreclosure, dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, 
recapitalisation, administrative or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, the creditors of such 
subsidiary, will generally be prioritised due to their position in the capital structure and will generally be 
entitled to payment in full from the sale or other disposal of the assets of such a subsidiary before the 
Issuer, as a direct or indirect shareholder, will be entitled to receive any distributions from such a 
subsidiary. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with 
the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as applicable, for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one 
or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common service 
provider, as applicable, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders, agree to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any 
other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any waiver or authorisation of any 
breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion of the 
Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (iii) the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise 
set out in Condition 5(l) without the consent of Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law or, in the case of Condition 3, the 
laws of the Kingdom of Sweden, in each case in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or 
Swedish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change 
could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Enforceability of judgments 
Under the Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the Hague Convention) as 
implemented in Sweden through the Swedish Supplementary Provisions on a Court’s Jurisdiction and 
on Recognition and International Enforcement of certain Judgments Act (lagen (2014:912) med 
kompletterande bestämmelser om domstols behörighet och om erkännande och internationell 
verkställighet av vissa avgöranden), a judgment given by the courts of England in relation to the Notes

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
will in principle be recognized and enforced by a Swedish court provided that the judgment in relation 
to the Notes falls within the substantive and geographic scope of the Hague Convention and that the 
relevant jurisdiction agreement was concluded on or after 1 January 2021. Should the Hague 
Convention not be applicable and absent any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual 
recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes between the United 
Kingdom and Sweden, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in 
the courts of England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in 
Sweden. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final 
judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded 
as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion 
to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or 
prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement specifies otherwise, in the event that the Issuer would be 
obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction 
for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of 
Sweden or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the relevant Pricing Supplement specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer’s 
option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that 
of the relevant Notes. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Where Notes are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer, holders of Notes do not have any 
right to require the Issuer to exercise such optional redemption feature and should not invest in the 
Notes in the expectation that any early redemption option would be exercised by the Issuer. In addition, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, in order to exercise any such option the Issuer must, under currently 
applicable rules, obtain the prior consent of the Swedish FSA and there is no guarantee that the exercise 
of any such early redemption option will be permitted by the Swedish FSA. See “Early Redemption” and 
“Call options may not be exercised” below.  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds, there can 
be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from the issue of Notes (such Notes 
being Green Bonds) for financing or re-financing “Green Loans” (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” on 
page 103 of this Base Prospectus) that are in keeping with the Issuer’s green bond framework, which 
is available 
on the Issuer’s website at https://www.lansforsakringar.se/alvsborg/privat/om-
oss/finansiellt/lansforsakringar-bank-ab/grona-obligationer/#greenbonds (as updated or replaced from 
time to time, the Green Bond Framework, which for the avoidance of doubt, is not incorporated in, and 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus). Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
in “Use of Proceeds” regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance 
of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes, together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Bank Group, the Arranger, the Trustee or the 
Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the stated purposes will satisfy, whether in whole or in part,

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. There is also no 
requirement for any such loans, projects and activities that promote sustainability and other 
environmental purposes to have a maturity or lifespan matching the minimum duration of any related 
Green Bonds or any other liabilities, and any such mismatch shall not result in an obligation or incentive 
to redeem any Green Bonds at any time.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as such. A basis for the determination of such “green” project definition has been established 
in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further 
development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations 
of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation (including, for example, through Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2021/2139, as amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214). Until the full technical 
screening criteria for the objectives of the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy have been finalised, it is 
not known whether the Issuer's Green Bond Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the full technical screening criteria are 
established, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
“green”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently labelled performance objectives or that any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Loans.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion (including the Second Party Opinion (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below), which for the 
avoidance of doubt, is not incorporated in, and does not form part of this Base Prospectus), report 
(including the Green Bond Report (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below), which for the avoidance of 
doubt, is not incorporated in, and does not form part of this Base Prospectus) or certification of any third 
party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection 
with the issue of any Green Bonds in order to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report 
or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is 
only current as of the date it was initially issued and the criteria and/or considerations that underlie any 
such opinion, report or certification may change at any time.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the relevant proceeds of any Green Bonds primarily in the 
manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the applicable Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. Any such failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for or towards any Green Loans, as aforesaid, or to 
obtain and publish any such opinions, reports and certifications, as well as the existence of any potential 
mismatch between the duration of the Green Loans and the term of any Green Bonds, will not (i) 
constitute an Event of Default with respect to the relevant Green Bonds; (ii) create an obligation or 
incentive for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Green Bonds; or (iii) create an option for the Noteholders 
to redeem the relevant Green Bonds.  
The Green Bonds are issued subject to their applicable terms and conditions including, without 
limitation, in relation to their status, interest payments, redemption and events of default as described 
in the applicable Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms, regardless of the issue of such 
Notes as Green Bonds. The Green Bonds are further subject to any general bail-in tool and non-viability 
loss absorption that may be imposed in exactly the same manner as for any other Notes (including 
where such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes).  
Similarly, any Green Bonds, as for any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of CRR 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such,

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
the proceeds of Green Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities will be fully available to cover 
any losses arising on the balance sheet of the Issuer (in the same manner as for any other Notes) 
regardless of their “green” label. The labelling of any Notes as Green Bonds will not have any impact 
on the status of such Notes as indicated in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
In the event that any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental” or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated) or included in an environmental, social and governance bond index, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Bank Group, the Arranger, the Trustee or any 
of the Dealers or any other person that such listing, admission, or inclusion satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or assets or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Loans. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the Issuer, the Bank Group, the Arranger, the Trustee or any of the Dealers or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
The payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not 
depend on the performance of the relevant Green Loans or related assets or any other environmental 
or sustainability targets of the Issuer, nor will any investors in the same have any preferred right against 
such assets. The occurrence of any of the above factors and/or the withdrawal of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying, and/or any such 
Green Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market 
as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Loans and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for or 
towards a particular purpose (which consequences may include the need to sell such Notes as a result 
of such Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to 
affect interest payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market 
value of Fixed Reset Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the 
Reset Margin as determined by the Issuing and Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date 
(each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period 
could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Reset Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to the market 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to 
such “benchmarks” 
EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW, CDOR and other rates and indices which 
are deemed to be “benchmarks”, are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a “benchmark”.   
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
The reform of EURIBOR to adopt a hybrid methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro 
risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term 
rate); or the elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require an adjustment to the conditions of the Notes or result in other consequences 
in respect of any Notes referencing such benchmarks. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance 
of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
27 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a “benchmark”. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Condition 5(l)) occurs in respect of a published benchmark, 
including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-
BBSW, CDOR or other relevant reference rates (which could include, without limitation, a mid-swap 
rate) and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) 
becomes unavailable. No consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders shall be required in connection 
with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments. Any such adjustment or amendment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of 
each Noteholder or Couponholder, any such adjustment will be favourable to each Noteholder or 
Couponholder. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or 
intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the rate 
of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (in the case of Fixed Reset Notes) may result 
in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes 
(as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. 
In addition, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
potential investors should also note that no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will 
be adopted, and no other amendments to the relevant conditions will be made to effect the Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to: 
(a) 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as (I) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital 
(as defined in Condition 6(h)) of the Issuer and/or (II) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor term) for the 
purposes of Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in Condition 3(e)); and/or 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, result in the Relevant 
Regulator (as defined in Condition 6(j)) treating the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, 
as applicable, as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In all such circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest (which is described 
above) will apply. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmarks 
replacement provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for 
which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such 
Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already 
issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has been made for 
the Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the official 
list and trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, there is no assurance 
that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
28 
an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or 
liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are 
being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended, reduced or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. Any such revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal could 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not commit 
to ensure that any specific rating of any Tranche of Notes will be upheld nor that any credit rating agency 
rating the Notes will remain the same. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
29 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Risks applicable to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated creditors 
As provided under Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the rights of the holders of 
any Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall rank (i) junior in right of payment to the claims of depositors and 
other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are creditors on or in respect of Senior Preferred 
Obligations; (ii) at least pari passu with the claims of creditors on or in respect of all other Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; and (iii) in priority to the claims of holders of ordinary shares of the Issuer and 
any subordinated obligations or other subordinated securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated 
Notes). If, on a liquidation (Sw: likvidation) or bankruptcy (Sw: konkurs), the assets of the Issuer are 
insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, the holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If 
there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full 
but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its obligations in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of 
their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which 
benefit from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will lose all or some of its investment in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer. See Condition 3(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
Notes may be subordinated, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the relevant Pricing Supplement) (Subordinated Notes). As described under Condition 3(c) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the payment obligations of the Issuer under any Subordinated 
Notes shall, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) 
of the Issuer, be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of depositors, other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer and subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose rights are expressed to rank in 
priority to the holders of the Subordinated Notes. 
In the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will be 
required to pay (i) its depositors, (ii) its unsubordinated creditors (including unsubordinated creditors 
that are creditors in respect of Senior Preferred Obligations), (iii) its creditors in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations, (iv) its subordinated creditors (other than the present or future claims of 
creditors that rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with or junior to the Subordinated Notes) and (v) 
any non-preferred creditors falling within the scope of 18 §, first paragraph of the Priorities Act 
(förmånsrättslag (1970:979)) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this 
occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments are made to pay 
amounts due under the Subordinated Notes. Liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own 
funds instruments (within the meaning of the CRR, and including the Subordinated Notes) shall rank 
junior to all other liabilities. In principle, any liabilities resulting from own funds instruments that no longer 
are recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to Subordinated 
Notes regardless of their contractual ranking. Accordingly, in the event of a voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated 
creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer are recognised as an own funds 
instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated 
Notes, which may as a result increase the losses suffered by investors in Subordinated Notes upon a 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of 
his investment in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer. See 
Condition 3(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
30 
The Priorities Act acknowledges that subordinated creditors will rank after unsubordinated creditors. 
However, the Priorities Act does not explicitly acknowledge that one group of subordinated creditors 
may rank differently from another group of subordinated creditors. As a result, there is some uncertainty 
as to whether such layering will be upheld. Even though market participants have assumed for a long 
time that the layering will be upheld, in the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy, the Priorities Act does not 
give clear guidance on this issue. Should such layering not be upheld, all subordinated creditors would 
rank pari passu (although still subordinated to unsubordinated claims). As a result this may reduce the 
amount recoverable by holders of Subordinated Notes on the bankruptcy or any liquidation of the Issuer. 
Events of Default 
The only Events of Default in relation to the Notes are set out in Condition 10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. If an Event of Default has occurred under Condition 10, the Trustee may 
institute such steps, including the obtaining of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in 
respect of the relevant Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer declared bankrupt 
(Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation) but not otherwise and, consequently, if any Notes 
become due and repayable pursuant to Condition 10, the Issuer shall, subject to receiving the prior 
consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required), only be required to make such payment 
after it has been declared bankrupt (Sw: konkurs) or put into liquidation (Sw: likvidation). 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Notes which are also Green Bonds will still be subject to the limited 
Events of Default described above. 
No limitation on issuing debt 
There is no restriction under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes on the amount of debt which the 
Issuer may issue which ranks senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes or 
on the amount of securities which the Issuer may issue which ranks senior to or pari passu with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes. As a result this may reduce the amount 
recoverable by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, on 
the bankruptcy or any liquidation of the Issuer. 
Early Redemption  
The Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) (this 
would be expected to be at least five years in the case of Subordinated Notes), or even earlier than 
such specified date (and at any time) upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax 
Deductibility Event (each as defined in Condition 6(c)(2)) or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, an Eligible Liabilities Event (as defined in Condition 6(i)) or, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes only, a Capital Event (as defined in Condition 6(h)). If the Issuer considers 
it favourable to exercise any such call option, the Issuer must first obtain the prior consent of the 
Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required). 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement), Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and 
should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. In 
order for such Notes to be redeemed, the Relevant Regulator must first, in its discretion, agree to permit 
such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Issuer and certain other 
factors at the relevant time. In addition, if the Issuer seeks approval to exercise a call option before five 
years from the date of issuance of the Subordinated Notes, the Relevant Regulator may only give its 
approval if certain conditions have been met in relation to changes in tax law or regulatory capital 
treatment of such Notes. There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such a call 
or that the Issuer will exercise such a call.  
Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period until the Maturity Date 
which could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
31 
Substitution or Variation of the Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
specify that “Variation or Substitution” applies, if at any time in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, an Eligible Liabilities Event or an event giving rise to a right 
of redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c)(1), or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, a Capital Event, a 
Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Deductibility Event, occurs and is continuing or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17(d), the Issuer may, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Relevant Regulator (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the relevant 
Noteholders or, subject as provided in Condition 6(k), the Trustee) either substitute all (but not some 
only) of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, for, or vary the terms of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes, as applicable, and/or the 
terms of the Trust Deed so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities, as further 
provided in Condition 6(k). The Terms and Conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may have terms and 
conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and 
conditions of the original Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
as the case may be, provided that the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes, as applicable, remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Securities, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. While the Issuer 
cannot make changes to the terms of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially less favourable to the holders of the 
relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as applicable, as 
a class, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any 
particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or 
varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes could be different 
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the 
original Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes prior to such 
substitution or variation. 
Call options may not be exercised 
The Notes may contain provisions allowing the Issuer to call them after a minimum period of, for 
example, five years. To exercise such a call option the Issuer must obtain the prior consent of the 
Relevant Regulator. Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and 
should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Issuer. Even 
if the Issuer is given prior consent by the Relevant Regulator, any decision by the Issuer as to whether 
it will exercise calls in respect of such Notes will be taken at the absolute discretion of the Issuer with 
regard to factors such as the economic impact of exercising such calls, regulatory capital requirements 
and prevailing market conditions. Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to 
bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum 
period. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in 
tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
The BRRD (as defined above) contemplates that Subordinated Notes may be subject to non-viability 
loss absorption, in addition to the application of the general bail-in tool. See “Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive” above. 
No right of set-off, netting or counterclaim 
Subject as provided in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, no Noteholder shall be entitled to 
exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes (including any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, if any are payable) held by such Noteholder.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
32 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes  
The Issuer’s obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect 
of Swedish taxes under the terms and conditions of the Notes applies only to payments of interest and 
not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts 
under the terms of the Notes to the extent any such withholding or deduction applied to payments of 
principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal 
under the Notes, holders of such Notes would, upon repayment or redemption of such Notes, be entitled 
to receive only the net amount of such redemption or repayment proceeds after deduction of the amount 
required to be withheld. The market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
The holders of Subordinated Notes are subject to the risk that such Notes may be required to absorb 
losses as a result of statutory powers conferred on resolution and competent authorities in Sweden (the 
Swedish National Debt Office and the Swedish FSA). As noted above, the powers provided to resolution 
and competent authorities (the Swedish National Debt Office and the Swedish FSA for Sweden) in the 
BRRD include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that relevant capital instruments (such as 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the 
issuing institution in order to allow it to continue as a going concern subject to appropriate restructuring. 
As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities (the Swedish National Debt Office for 
Sweden) may require the permanent write-down of such capital instruments (which write-down may be 
in full) or the conversion of them into CET1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which CET1 
instruments may also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool described above) and 
before any other bail-in or resolution tool can be used. Measures ultimately adopted in this area may 
apply to any debt currently in issue, including Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme. 
Accordingly, in a worst case scenario, the capital instruments may be written down and the value of the 
Notes may be reduced to zero (0). 
The application of any non-viability loss absorption measure may result in holders of Subordinated 
Notes losing some or all of their investment. Any such conversion to equity or write-off of all or part of 
an investor’s principal (including accrued but unpaid interest) shall not constitute an Event of Default 
and holders of Subordinated Notes will have no further claims in respect of any amount so converted 
or written off. The exercise of any such power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a 
number of factors which may be outside the Issuer’s control. Any such exercise, or any suggestion that 
the Subordinated Notes could become subject to such exercise, could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the value of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual 
financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Annual Report, 
which is available at https://mb.cision.com/Main/152/3736405/1924439.pdf) and the audited 
consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
(the 2021 Annual Report, which is available at https://mb.cision.com/Main/152/3529640/1551789.pdf) 
and, together, in each case with the audit report thereon, which have been previously published or are 
published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and filed with it.  
Such documents, and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in previous Base Prospectuses 
dated 
30 
March 
2022 
(pages 
62 
to 
95 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/496171/globalassets/aa-global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-
bank/english/uko2-2004373971-v1-lf-bank-2022-update-base-prospectus.pdf), 30 March 2021 (pages 
59 to 91 (inclusive) which is available at https://www.lansforsakringar.se/49632d/globalassets/aa-
global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-bank/english/uko2-2002286555-v1-lf-bank-2021-update---base-
prospectus.pdf), 14 
June 
2019 
(pages 60 
to 94 
(inclusive) which 
is available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-
bank/prospekt/lansforsakringar-bank-emtn-base-prospectus-14-june-2019.pdf), 4 June 2018 (pages 52 
to 
81 
(inclusive) 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-
global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-bank/prospekt/lansforsakringar-bank-emtn-base-prospectus-4-
june-2018.pdf) and 28 June 2013 (pages 36 to 60 (inclusive) which is available at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-
bank/prospekt/lansforsakringar-bank-emtn-base-prospectus-28-june-2013.pdf), prepared by the Issuer 
in connection with the Programme, shall be incorporated by reference, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as 
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Copies of documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as well as the Base Prospectus itself will be available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.lansforsakringar.se/stockholm/other-
languages/english/about-lansforsakringar/lansforsakringar-bank/), and on the website of 
the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference  
2022 Annual Report 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 40 of the 2022 Annual Report 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – Group 
Page 40 of the 2022 Annual Report 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 41 of the 2022 Annual Report  
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (indirect 
method) 
Page 42 of the 2022 Annual Report  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Shareholders’ Equity - Group 
Page 43 of the 2022 Annual Report  
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
Pages 44 to 86 of the 2022 Annual Report  
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 112 to 114 of the 2022 Annual Report 
Definitions  
Page 118 of the 2022 Annual Report

--- Page 34 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
34 
2021 Annual Report 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 39 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Statement of Comprehensive Income – Group 
Page 39 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page 40 of the 2021 Annual Report  
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (indirect 
method) 
Page 41 of the 2021 Annual Report  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Shareholders’ Equity - Group 
Page 42 of the 2021 Annual Report  
Notes 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
Pages 43 to 86 of the 2021 Annual Report  
Auditor’s Report 
Pages 112 to 115 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Definitions  
Page 119 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes whose inclusion would reasonably be required by investors, and would 
reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Applicable Final Terms 
[MiFID II 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARITES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
                                              
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 36 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
36 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001  OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if 
classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)].]5 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Notes other than Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out 
below: 
Final Terms dated [date] 
LÄNSFÖRSÄKRINGAR BANK AB (PUBL) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300C6TUMDXNOVXS82 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. In the case of Notes admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable final terms will 
also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange www.luxse.com.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 March 2022/30 March 2021/14 June 2019/4 
June 2018/28 June 2013] [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date] [and [date]]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The 
Base Prospectuses are available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com.]] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as Not Applicable (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if Not Applicable is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
                                              
4 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
5 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 37 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
37 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [•] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [•]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
EUR 100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
“EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 
1,000 in excess thereof up to and including EUR 
199,000. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above EUR 
199,000.”) 
 
 
(Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation 
Amount:  
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
[•]  
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[•/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.)

--- Page 38 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
38 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
[[•] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/HKD-
HIBOR/AUD-BBR-BBSW/CDOR] +/– [•] per cent.  
Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon]  
(see paragraph [13] [14] [15] [16] below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] [•] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes into another Interest Basis][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Investor Put]  
[Issuer Call]  
[Capital Event Redemption] 
[Eligible Liabilities Event Redemption] 
[Tax Deductibility Event Redemption] 
[(see paragraph [17] [18] [21] [22] below)] 
12. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes / Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) 
[Date Board approval for 
issuance 
of 
Notes 
obtained:  
[•] [Not Applicable]  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub- paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iv) 
Broken 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or

--- Page 39 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
39 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset 
Date:  
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken 
Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent 
Reset 
Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Swap Screen 
Page: 
[   ] 
 
(xii) 
Floating Leg Reference 
Rate: 
[   ] 
 
(xiii) 
Floating 
Leg 
Screen 
Page: 
[   ] 
 
(xiv) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum (quoted on [an annual/a 
semi-annual] basis) 
 
(xv) 
Reset Reference Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly/Monthly] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below/,

--- Page 40 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
40 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/HKD-
HIBOR/AUD-BBR-BBSW/CDOR] 
 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, the 
second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if NIBOR, first day of each 
Interest Period if HKD-HIBOR, first day of each 
Interest Period if AUD-BBR-BBSW and first day 
of each Interest Period if CDOR) 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]  
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (viii)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions which will require a 
Prospectus Regulation drawdown prospectus for 
the issue) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 41 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
41 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
 
- 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 42 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
42 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
- 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
- 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360]  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]  
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] 
Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365]

--- Page 43 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
43 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
18. 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(If the Notes are expected to count towards the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the BRRD, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption [for taxation 
reasons or] on event of default or other 
early redemption [(other than Capital 
Event Redemption, Eligible Liabilities 
Event Redemption, Tax Deductibility 
Event Redemption or redemption of a 
Subordinated 
Note 
following 
a 
Withholding Tax Event)] 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Optional 
Redemption 
for 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes and 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 44 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
44 
(Include this paragraph 21 only in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) 
 
(i) 
Eligible 
Liabilities 
Event 
Redemption 
[Applicable – Eligible Liabilities Event 
Redemption Amount: [•] per Calculation Amount 
(specify the amount payable on redemption for an 
Eligible Liabilities Event) / Not Applicable] 
22. 
Optional Redemption for Subordinated 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(Include this paragraph 22 only in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Capital Event Redemption 
[Applicable - Capital Event Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount (specify the amount 
payable on redemption for a Capital Event) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Tax 
Deductibility 
Event 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Tax Event Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount (specify the amount 
payable on redemption for a Withholding Tax 
Event and, if Tax Deductibility Event Redemption 
is applicable, on redemption for a Tax 
Deductibility Event) 
23. 
Variation or Substitution: 
[Applicable – Condition 6(k) applies/Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on 60 days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days’ notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be applicable

--- Page 45 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
45 
if the Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to 
the following effect: “[EUR 100,000] and integral 
multiples of [EUR 1,000] in excess thereof up to 
and including [EUR 199,000].” Furthermore, such 
Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Notes which 
is to be represented on issue by a Temporary 
Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the purposes of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 of 
the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]][Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which paragraph 
15(iv) relates] 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By 
 ........................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 46 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
46 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from 
[•].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading:] 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].][The Notes are not expected 
to be rated.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended).] / [Insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] 
is established in the United Kingdom and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER]] 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
– Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of Proceeds: 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details/The Issuer intends to issue the Notes as Green 
Bonds (as defined in the Base Prospectus) and apply 
an amount equal to the net proceeds from this issue of

--- Page 47 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
47 
Notes for financing or re-financing “Green Loans” as 
described in “Use of Proceeds” in the Base 
Prospectus).]”  
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of 
proceeds: 
[•] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]   
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses 
of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes] 
 
 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting

--- Page 48 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
48 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include 
this text for Registered Notes]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
GENERAL 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
  
(v) 
U.S. Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
[MiFID II 
PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY] TARGET MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]/[appropriate target market legend to be included.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARITES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook  Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
                                              
6 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 50 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
50 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001  OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) - [Insert notice if 
classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)].]8 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
THE CSSF HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
[Date] 
LÄNSFÖRSÄKRINGAR BANK AB (PUBL) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300C6TUMDXNOVXS82 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
under the EUR 5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either Article 
3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or to 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to either Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.]9 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2023 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus. Any reference in the Conditions to “relevant Final Terms” 
shall be deemed to include a reference to “relevant Pricing Supplement”, where relevant. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
                                              
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
8 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 51 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
51 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 25 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified 
Denominations: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
[•] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ 
 
 
Floating rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon]  
[specify other]  
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•] per cent. of their nominal 
amount

--- Page 52 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
52 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption 
Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes into another Interest Basis or Redemption 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Investor Put]  
[Issuer Call]  
[Capital Event Redemption] 
[Eligible Liabilities Event Redemption] 
[Tax Deductibility Event Redemption] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes / Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes / Subordinated Notes] 
 
(ii) 
Date Board approval of 
Notes obtained: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[•] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
 
(N.B. Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s): (Applicable 
to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form.) 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to 
the method of 
calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which 
are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 53 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
53 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date:  
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)/specify 
other] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Relevant Swap Screen 
Page: 
[   ] 
 
(xii) 
Floating Leg Reference 
Rate: 
[   ] 
 
(xiii) 
Floating Leg Screen 
Page: 
[   ] 
 
(xiv) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[   ] per cent. per annum (quoted on [an annual/a 
semi-annual] basis) 
 
(xv) 
Reset Reference Rate 
Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Original Reset 
Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly/Monthly] 
 
(xvii) 
Other terms relating to 
the method of 
calculating interest for 
Fixed Reset Notes 
which are Exempt 
Notes: 
[None/give details] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 54 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
54 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[•] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (iii) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [•] month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/HKD-HIBOR/AUD-
BBR-BBSW/CDOR/specify other Reference 
Rate]. 
 
 
(Either EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, HKD-
HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW, CDOR or other, 
although additional information is required if other 
– including fallback provisions in the Agency 
Agreement) 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, the 
second Oslo business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if NIBOR, first day of each 
Interest Period if HKD-HIBOR, first day of each 
Interest Period if AUD-BBR-BBSW and first day 
of each Interest Period if CDOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 55 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
55 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (viii)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the 
Conditions. Include appropriate items to disapply 
these ISDA provisions and/or to include bespoke 
replacement provisions in the Conditions) 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]  
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph. Include appropriate items for 
the relevant RFR, if any) 
 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]

--- Page 56 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
56 
 
 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]  
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
Actual/365 (Sterling)  
Actual/360  
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]

--- Page 57 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
57 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]  
30E/360 (ISDA)  
[Other] 
 
(xiv) 
Fallback provisions, 
rounding provisions and 
any other terms relating 
to the method of 
calculating interest on 
Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from 
those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[•] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Amortisation/Accrual] 
Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Any other formula/basis 
of determining amount 
payable for Zero 
Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360]  
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•]

--- Page 58 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
58 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(If the Notes are expected to count towards the 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the BRRD, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 business days’ notice for a put) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent [or Trustee]) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption [for taxation 
reasons or] on event of default or other 
early redemption [(other than Capital 
Event Redemption, Eligible Liabilities 
Event Redemption, Tax Deductibility 
Event Redemption or redemption of a 
Subordinated Note following a 
Withholding Tax Event)]: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
22. 
Optional Redemption for Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(Include this paragraph 22 only in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes)

--- Page 59 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
59 
 
(i) 
Eligible Liabilities Event 
Redemption 
[Applicable – Eligible Liabilities Event 
Redemption Amount: [•] per Calculation Amount 
(specify the amount payable on redemption for 
an Eligible Liabilities Event) / Not Applicable] 
23. 
Optional Redemption for Subordinated 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(Include this paragraph 23 only in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
(i) 
Capital Event 
Redemption 
[Applicable - Capital Event Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount (specify the amount 
payable on redemption for a Capital Event) / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Tax Deductibility Event 
Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Tax Event Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount (specify the amount 
payable on redemption for a Withholding Tax 
Event and, if Tax Deductibility Event Redemption 
is applicable, on redemption for a Tax 
Deductibility Event) 
24. 
Variation or Substitution: 
[Applicable – Condition 6(k) applies/Not 
Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days’ notice] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice/at any time/ 
in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Registered in the name of a nominee for [a 
common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian law of 14 December 2005] 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]

--- Page 60 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
60 
26. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub-paragraph 16(iv) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
28. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By 
 ........................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 61 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
61 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify market – note this 
should not be an EEA regulated market or the 
London Stock Exchange’s main market] with 
effect from [ ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency].[The Notes are not expected to be rated] 
 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated 
in the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
– Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give details/The Issuer intends to issue the 
Notes as Green Bonds (as defined in the Base Prospectus) and apply an amount equal to the 
net proceeds from this issue of Notes for financing or re-financing “Green Loans” as 
described in “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus).]” 
5. 
YIELD – Fixed rate Notes only 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 62 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
62 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking 
S.A. and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper)] [include this text for Registered 
Notes which are to be held under the NSS] and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include 
this text for Registered Notes]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
GENERAL 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 63 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
63 
 
(vi) 
Additional United States 
selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and, in relation to Exempt 
Notes only, amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be applicable to the 
Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. 
Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, or (ii) these terms and conditions as so 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such 
Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in Part A of the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. 
References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are constituted by an Amended and Restated Trust Deed dated 30 March 2023 (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Trust Deed) between the Issuer and 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited (the Trustee, which expression shall include all persons for the time 
being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below). 
These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Trust Deed, which includes the form of the Bearer Notes, Certificates, Coupons and Talons referred to 
below. An Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 30 March 2023 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) has been entered into in 
relation to the Notes between the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as initial issuing 
and paying agent and the other agents named in it. The issuing and paying agent, the paying agents, 
the registrar, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to 
below respectively as the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall 
include the Issuing and Paying Agent), the Registrar, the Transfer Agents (which expression shall 
include the Registrar) and the Calculation Agent(s). Copies of the relevant Final Terms (as defined 
below), the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
usual business hours at the principal office of the Trustee (at 30 March 2023 at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB) and at the specified offices of the Paying Agents and 
the Transfer Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder requesting a copy, subject to the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents or the Transfer Agent (as relevant) being supplied by the Issuer with 
electronic copies and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee, the 
relevant Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent, as the case may be). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which 
complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) and, in the case of a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated 
market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References to the relevant Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions 
to relevant Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to relevant Pricing Supplement 
where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The Noteholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the Coupons) relating to interest bearing Notes 
in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes and talons for further Coupons (the 
Talons) (the Couponholders), are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of 
the Trust Deed and the relevant Final Terms and are deemed to have notice of those provisions 
applicable to them of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
65 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes, which expression includes Notes that are specified 
to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form (Registered Notes) or in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable Bearer Notes) in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown hereon provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same Specified 
Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and 
Redemption Basis shown hereon. This Note is a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note 
or a Subordinated Note as specified hereon.  
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (Certificates) and, save as provided in 
Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same 
holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the Registered 
Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the Register). Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or 
on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, Noteholder means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), holder (in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon) 
means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon 
or in the Trust Deed, as the case may be, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term 
is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
EXCHANGES 
OF EXCHANGEABLE 
BEARER 
NOTES AND 
TRANSFERS OF 
REGISTERED NOTES 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes: Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same nominal amount of Registered Notes at the 
request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer 
Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) for any 
payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered 
with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged 
for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
66 
representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on such Certificate, (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and 
containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the 
Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer 
Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in 
respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the 
holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Notes and entries on 
the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the 
prior written approval of the Registrar and the Trustee. A copy of the current regulations will be 
made available free of charge by the Registrar and at the specified office of the Paying Agent 
in Luxembourg to any Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: In the case of an 
exercise of an Issuer’s or Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the 
same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those 
Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a 
transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) 
or (c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for 
exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 6(e)) and surrender of 
the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Certificate shall 
have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid 
and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and 
pays in advance to the relevant Transfer Agent the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), business day means a day, 
other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the 
specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge: Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, 
transfer, exercise of an option or partial redemption shall be effected without charge by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as 
the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered 
or an Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, (ii) during the period 
of 15 days prior to any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its 
option pursuant to Condition 6(d), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or 
(iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An 
Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more 
Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later 
than the relevant Record Date. 
3. 
STATUS 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
67 
(a) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes: The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes that specify 
their status as Senior Preferred Notes) and the Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights of the holders to payment on or in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall rank: 
(1) 
subject to the provisions of applicable legislation, at least equally with the claims of 
creditors on or in respect of all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, present and future (including Senior Preferred 
Obligations); and 
(2) 
in priority to the claims of creditors on or in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes 
that specify their status as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and the Coupons relating to them 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Issuer with Senior Non-Preferred Ranking and shall at 
all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. In the event of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights 
of holders to payment on or in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Coupons 
relating to them shall (subject to mandatory provisions of Swedish law) rank: 
(1) 
at least pari passu with the claims of creditors on or in respect of all other Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; 
(2) 
in priority to the claims of holders of ordinary shares of the Issuer and any subordinated 
obligations or other subordinated securities of the Issuer (including the Subordinated 
Notes); and 
(3) 
junior to any present or future claims of (i) depositors of the Issuer, and (ii) creditors on 
or in respect of Senior Preferred Obligations. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further notes and obligations in the future, which may 
rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes that specify their 
status as Subordinated Notes) and the Coupons relating to them constitute subordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy 
(konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights of holders to payment on or in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes and the Coupons relating to them shall (subject to mandatory provisions of Swedish law) 
rank: 
(1) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(2) 
at least pari passu with the rights of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which 
constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital 
constitute, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; 
(3) 
senior to the rights of holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which 
constitutes an Additional Tier 1 Instrument; 
(4) 
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference 
shares (if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as such holders; and 
(5) 
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (i) depositors of the Issuer, 
(ii) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (iii) subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer whose rights are expressed to rank in priority to the holders of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further notes and other obligations in the future, which 
may rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
68 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), Tier 2 Capital means any instrument or security of the 
Issuer which is recognised as Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) (as defined in Part 2 Chapter 
4 of the CRR or in any other Applicable Banking Regulations, in each case as amended or 
replaced) of the Issuer by the Swedish FSA. 
(d) 
Waiver of set-off: This Condition 3(d) is applicable in relation to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off, netting or counterclaim against 
moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Notes held by such Noteholder and each 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Note, be deemed, to the extent permitted under 
applicable law, to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting or counterclaim. In case an 
amount is unduly discharged by the Issuer as a result of the exercise of any right of set-off, 
netting or counterclaim by any Noteholder, such Noteholder shall pay to the Issuer an amount 
equal to the amount that was unduly discharged and, until the time such payment is made, such 
Noteholder shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer and accordingly 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(e) 
Definitions: As used herein: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital as defined in Part 2 Chapter 3 of the 
CRR or in any other Applicable Banking Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced; 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means (i) any instrument or security of the Issuer which is 
recognised as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer by the Swedish FSA, and (ii) any 
instrument, security or other obligation of the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, on a 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, pari passu 
with Additional Tier 1 Instruments; 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, and those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy adopted by the Swedish FSA from time to 
time, and then in effect (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force 
of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer); 
CRD IV means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the 
CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions 
and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 
and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe (alone or in conjunction 
with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for 
their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a non-consolidated or consolidated 
basis) to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive or the CRR, including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any regulatory technical standards released by the European Banking Authority (or 
any successor or replacement thereof); 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions 
and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time;  
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations means all outstanding unsecured obligations of the Issuer, 
present and future, having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking; 
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking provided to Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations in the second sentence of the first sub-paragraph of section 18 of the Swedish 
Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 18 § 1 st andra meningen förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)) for claims 
attributable to such debt instruments as are referred to in chapter 21, section 15, paragraph 3

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
69 
b of the Swedish Resolution Act (Sw. 21 kap. 15 § 3 b lagen (2015:1016) om resolution), as 
such legislative references may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
Senior Preferred Obligations means all outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, present and future, other than Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
Swedish FSA means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) and 
shall include any successor or replacement thereto, or another authority which has the primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer. 
4. 
COVENANTS 
So long as any Note is outstanding, the Issuer will ensure that the following documents will be available 
in the English language at the specified office of each Paying Agent and in electronic form on its official 
website: (i) copies of its annual report and audited consolidated financial statements in respect of its 
latest fiscal year within 120 days following the end of such fiscal year; and (ii) copies of its latest 
published unaudited interim consolidated financial statements within 60 days following the end of such 
interim period. 
5. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in each year up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified hereon, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be 
payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified hereon. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes: Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest:  
(1) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial 
Interest Rate; 
(2) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if none, the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the 
First Reset Rate; and 
(3) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date 
(if any) (each a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) (each a Rate of Interest) such interest being payable, in each case, in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 5 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by 
the Issuing and Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, of the Rate of Interest for a 
Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 5(b) as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating 
Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall otherwise be determined by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(b). Once the Rate of 
Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 5(a) shall apply to Fixed 
Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
If Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the First Reset Rate and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis to a basis which matches

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
70 
the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation 
to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution selected by it). 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified 
to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified 
hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified hereon. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub 
paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and 
under which: 
(v) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon; 
(w) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified 
hereon; 
(x) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified hereon;

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
71 
(y) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option, the Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of 
the following as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(2) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(3) 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(z) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating 
Rate Option, the Index Method is Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, 
references in the ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified 
in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, 
Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, 
Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method, 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback, 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, Compounding with 
Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded Index 
Floating Rate Option, Index Method, Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift and Swap Transaction have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent will have no 
obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining 
EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions 
requires the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent to 
exercise any such discretion, the Issuer, will provide written direction 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as 
applicable) specifying how such discretion should be exercised, and 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent will be entitled 
to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts 
in accordance therewith. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or each replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) as at either 
10.00 a.m. (Toronto time in the case of CDOR), 10.10 a.m. 
(Sydney time in the case of AUD-BBR-BBSW), Brussels time 
in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time in the case of

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
72 
STIBOR or Hong Kong time in the case of HKD-HIBOR) or 
12.00 noon (Oslo time in the case of NIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, 
STIBOR, NIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW or CDOR, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined 
as provided hereon. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-
paragraph (1) applies and no such offered quotation appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (2) above 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of 
the Reference Banks, or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, 
the principal Stockholm office of each of the Reference Banks 
or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the principal Norwegian 
office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate 
is HKD-HIBOR, the principal Hong Kong office of each of the 
Reference Banks, or if the Reference Rate is AUD-BBR-
BBSW, the principal office of each of the Reference Banks, or 
if the Reference Rate is CDOR, the principal Toronto office of 
each of the Reference Banks, shall provide (at the request of 
the Issuer) the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), or if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm 
time), or if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 
12.00 noon (Oslo time), or if the Reference Rate is HKD-
HIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time), or if 
the Reference Rate is AUD-BBR-BBSW, at approximately 
10.00 a.m. (Sydney time), or if the Reference Rate is CDOR, 
at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two (or five, in the case of 
AUD-BBR-BBSW) or more of the Reference Banks provide (at 
the request of the Issuer) the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than the specified number of Reference 
Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be (1) (if the Reference Rate 
is either EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR) the arithmetic mean 
of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to the Calculation Agent by the Reference

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
73 
Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) or, if the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time) or, if 
the Reference Rate is NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon 
(Oslo time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by 
leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, 
the Stockholm inter-bank market, or, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, the Norwegian inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Stockholm time), or, if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR, at approximately 12.00 noon (Oslo time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee 
and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is STIBOR, the Stockholm 
inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the 
Norwegian inter-bank market, (2) (if the Reference Rate is 
AUD-BBR-BBSW) the rate shall then be determined by the 
Calculation Agent having regard to the comparable indices 
then available, (3) (if the Reference Rate is CDOR) the 
arithmetic mean of the bid rates as communicated to the 
Calculation Agent by Schedule 1 chartered banks in Toronto, 
for Canadian Dollar bankers acceptances for a period of the 
applicable Interest Period in an amount representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. Toronto time; and 
(4) in the case of HKD-HIBOR, the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations as communicated to the Calculation Agent by 
major banks in Hong Kong, for loans in Hong Kong Dollars to 
leading European banks for a period of the applicable maturity 
as at approximately 11:00 a.m. Hong Kong time, provided that, 
if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
in place of the Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period).

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
74 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable 
prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(b)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the 
manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers 
and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation 
to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) 
of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified 
hereon, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. 
For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: Unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect 
of any period, the amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for such period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation Amount by the 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency (half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention). Where the Specified Denomination of a Note 
comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
Where an Interest Amount is specified in respect of any period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Capital Event 
Redemption Amount, Eligible Liabilities Event Early Redemption Amount and Tax Event 
Early Redemption Amount: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each 
Interest Determination Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Capital Event

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
75 
Redemption Amount, Eligible Liabilities Event Early Redemption Amount, Tax Event Early 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Capital Event Redemption Amount, Eligible Liabilities 
Event Early Redemption Amount, Tax Event Early Redemption Amount or any Optional 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a 
further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange 
or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in 
the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all 
other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment 
Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If 
the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made unless the Trustee otherwise requires. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the case of a 
Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is acknowledged or recognised 
as being in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies) the 
Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 5(l)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference 
Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for debt securities 
in the same Specified Currency as the Notes and (i) in the case of Notes which are Floating 
Rate Notes, with an interest period of comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or (ii) 
in the case of Notes which are Fixed Reset Notes, with an interest period of comparable 
duration to the term of the relevant Floating Leg Reference Rate, or (in either case) if the 
Independent Adviser determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate.

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
76 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(l)(iv). 
Benchmark Events means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (ii)(A); or  
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (iv)(A); or  
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case on or before a specified date and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (v)(A); or  
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as applicable, become unlawful for the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or any other Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative or may no longer be used. 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro and/or if TARGET System is specified as a Business Centre hereon, 
a day on which the TARGET System is open  (a TARGET Business Day); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres (other than the TARGET 
System) a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) 
or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) is specified hereon, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365) 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
77 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in 
a leap year, 366 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30 and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
78 
Day Count Fraction =
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)]
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30 and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30 
(viii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified hereon, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
Determination Period means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination 
Date and 
Determination Date means the date specified as such hereon or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
First Reset Date means the date specified as such hereon. 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the First 
Reset Period. 
Floating Leg Reference Rate means the rate specified as such hereon.

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
79 
Floating Leg Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified hereon. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the international debt capital 
markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under Condition 5(l)(i). 
Initial Interest Rate means the rate specified as such hereon. 
Interest Accrual Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
or Fixed Reset Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may 
be. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business 
Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date (or the relevant payment 
date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date) and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date). 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date and, if the Notes become payable on 
a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the relevant payment date, in each case unless 
otherwise specified hereon. 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that 
Reset Date, the rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Swap Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date. If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Swap Screen Page, the applicable Mid-
Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Date will be the applicable Reset Reference Bank Rate for 
the relevant Reset Period. 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of any Interest Period(s) or 
Reset Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally 
specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) 
has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark 
Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term 
“Original Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
Reference Banks means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, and, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm 
inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
80 
major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of HKD-HIBOR, 
the principal Hong Kong office of four major banks in the Hong Kong inter-bank market, and, in 
the case of a determination of AUD-BBR-BBSW, the financial institutions authorised to quote 
on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page, and, in the case of a determination of CDOR, four major 
Canadian Schedule 1 chartered banks, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified 
hereon. 
Reference Rate means the rate specified as such hereon. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any 
part thereof. 
Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon.  
Relevant Swap Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified 
hereon or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Issuer, for the purpose of displaying the 
relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable. 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the 
relevant Reset Date. 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may 
be. 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg (in each case calculated on the day count basis customary for 
floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would 
apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified hereon as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the 
Floating Leg Reference Rate as specified hereon and (c) the Relevant Swap Screen Page was 
the Floating Leg Screen Page as specified hereon. 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period 
commencing on that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period 
Mid-Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Swap Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 
a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date. 
The Issuer will request the principal office of each of the Swap Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations are provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be 
the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
81 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are 
provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset 
Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate as specified hereon. 
Second Reset Date means the date specified as such hereon. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Subsequent Reset Date means each date specified as such hereon. 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the 
Subsequent Reset Period. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
Swap Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as 
selected by the Issuer. 
TARGET System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement for that 
system. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall 
be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate 
any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Capital Event 
Redemption Amount, Eligible Liabilities Event Early Redemption Amount, Tax Event Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with 
any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money or 
swap market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made 
by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable hereon) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable hereon), one of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter 
than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for 
a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent (as applicable) in consultation with the Issuer shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as both determine appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(l) 
Benchmark Discontinuation

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
82 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser in good faith, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(l)(ii)) and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 5(l)(iii)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(l)(iv)). An 
Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(l) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, any other Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(l). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner determines that 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 5(l)(iii)) 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(l)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment 
Spread (as provided in Condition 5(l)(iii)) shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(l)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in 
accordance with Condition 5(l)(ii), the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may 
be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread 
may be positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5(l) and the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (including, without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, or Relevant Screen Page) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(l)(v), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, 
vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable) to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Issuing and 
Paying Agent of a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
5(l)(v), the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent shall (at the direction and 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
83 
Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in using its 
reasonable endeavors to effect any Benchmark Amendments to these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (including, inter alia, by the execution of a 
deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed) and the Trustee and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, 
provided that the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent shall not be obliged so to 
concur if in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon them or expose them to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent in these 
Conditions, the Agency Agreement or the Trust Deed, as the case may be (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) in any way. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(l), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment 
to these Conditions be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to: 
(A) 
prejudice the qualification of the Notes as (I) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital (as defined in Condition 6(h)) of the 
Issuer and/or (II) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, eligible liabilities (or any equivalent or successor 
term) for the purposes of Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined 
in Condition 3(e)); and/or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
result in the Relevant Regulator (as defined in Condition 6(j)) treating 
the next Interest Payment Date or Reset Date, as applicable, as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Notices, etc: The Issuer will notify the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Noteholders and Couponholders promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined 
under this Condition 5(l). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. No later than notifying the Trustee of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 5(l); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Trustee shall not be liable to the Noteholders and Couponholders or any other person, 
for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification 
is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such person. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as 
aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
84 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders 
as of their effective date. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer 
under the provisions of this Condition 5(l), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or an 
applicable Reset Rate on the relevant Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, 
no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined and notified to the Trustee, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the other Paying Agents (as applicable), in 
each case pursuant to this Condition 5(l), prior to such Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date (as applicable), the Original Reference Rate will continue to 
apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date or such Reset Rate on such Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable), with the effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B) will (if applicable) continue to apply to such determination. For the avoidance 
of doubt, this Condition 5(l)(vii) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date or of the Reset Rate on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date (as applicable) only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any 
subsequent Interest Period(s) or Reset Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(l). 
6. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, 
each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at (i) if the Notes 
are not Zero Coupon Notes, 100 per cent. of its nominal amount, or (ii) if the Notes are Zero 
Coupon Notes, its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided hereon, is its 
nominal amount). 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 shall 
be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such 
Note unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at 
a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect 
as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (as well

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
85 
after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue 
in accordance with Condition 5(d). Where such calculation is to be a 
made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c) 
or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final 
Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:  
(1) 
This Condition 6(c)(1) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified hereon as being 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to Notes in this 
Condition 6(c)(1) shall be construed accordingly. 
The Notes may, subject as provided in Condition 6(j), be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating 
Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) 
(together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption), if (i) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such 
notice that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 8 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice 
of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Directors 
of the Issuer stating that the obligation referred to in (i) above cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it and the Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition 
precedent set out in (ii) above in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(2) 
This Condition 6(c)(2) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified hereon as being 
Subordinated Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 6(c)(2) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may, subject as provided in Condition 6(j), redeem the Notes in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee and Issuing and Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 16, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Tax 
Event Early Redemption Amount, (together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately 
before the giving of such notice that: 
(A) 
a Withholding Tax Event has occurred; or 
(B) 
if Tax Deductibility Event Redemption is specified as being applicable 
hereon, a Tax Deductibility Event has occurred,

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
86 
provided in each case that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 
days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts described in the definition of Withholding Tax Event or subject to 
the consequences described in the definition of Tax Deductibility Event, as applicable, 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
A Tax Deductibility Event occurs (to the extent that, prior to the occurrence of the 
relevant Tax Law Change, the Issuer was entitled to claim a deduction in respect of its 
taxation liabilities in the Kingdom of Sweden in respect of any payment of interest to be 
made) if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a 
deduction in respect of its taxation liabilities in the Kingdom of Sweden in respect of 
any payment of interest to be made on the next Interest Payment Date or the value of 
such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced. 
Tax Law Change means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. 
A Withholding Tax Event occurs if, as a result of a Tax Law Change, the Issuer has 
or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under Condition 8, and 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it. 
Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer 
and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing and acceptable 
to the Trustee, each stating that the circumstances constituting a Withholding Tax 
Event or a Tax Deductibility Event, as the case may be, have occurred. The Trustee 
shall be entitled to accept such certificate and legal opinion as sufficient evidence of 
such matters, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and 
Couponholders.  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes 
on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. If 
redemption in part is specified as being applicable hereon, any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount 
to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified hereon. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer’s option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer’s option, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of 
Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Notes drawn and the 
holder(s) of such Registered Notes, to be redeemed or in respect of which such option has 
been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Trustee may approve and 
in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. So long as the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange and the rules of the relevant stock 
exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published either on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) or in a leading newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or 
as specified by such other stock exchange, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
87 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, 
at the option of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified 
hereon) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in 
the case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice 
(Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent (as applicable) within the notice period specifying the aggregate principal amount in 
respect of which such option is exercised (which must be the minimum denomination specified 
hereon or an integral multiple thereof). No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer. 
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer and any of its Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 10) may, subject 
as provided in Condition 6(j), at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the 
open market or otherwise at any price. 
(g) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may 
be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such 
Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer in case of a Capital Event: This Condition 6(h) is 
applicable only in relation to Notes specified hereon as being Subordinated Notes in respect of 
which Capital Event Redemption applies and references to Notes in this Condition 6(h) shall 
be construed accordingly.  
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the occurrence of the 
relevant Capital Event, at its option, but subject as provided in Condition 6(j), give notice to (i) 
the Trustee and (ii) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series 
shall be redeemed: 
(1) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(2) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (A) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the 
period of not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (B) if 
there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (A) above, on the first Interest Payment 
Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at the Capital Event Redemption Amount specified hereon, together with accrued 
interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
A Capital Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with the Swedish 
FSA (if required by the Swedish FSA), that as a result of a change in Swedish law or Applicable 
Banking Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes is fully excluded from Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (other than as a 
result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital), such determination to be

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
88 
confirmed by the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer. The 
Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of such matters, in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
Tier 2 capital means Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) as defined in Part 2 Chapter 4 of the 
CRR or in any other Applicable Banking Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced. 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer in case of an Eligible Liabilities Event: This 
Condition 6(i) is applicable only in relation to Notes specified hereon as being Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of which Eligible Liabilities Event Redemption 
applies and references to Notes in this Condition 6(i) shall be construed accordingly.  
If an Eligible Liabilities Event in respect of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the occurrence of the relevant Eligible 
Liabilities Event, at its option, but subject as provided in Condition 6(j), give notice to (i) the 
Trustee and (ii) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series 
shall be redeemed: 
(1) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(2) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (A) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the 
period of not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (B) if 
there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (A) above, on the first Interest Payment 
Date to occur after the expiry of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at the Eligible Liabilities Event Redemption Amount specified hereon, together 
with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes. 
In these Conditions: 
Applicable MREL Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any 
successor regulations then applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV and the BRRD (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be); 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
resolution and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may 
be, any provision of Swedish law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or 
replaced from time to time; 
An Eligible Liabilities Event means the determination by the Issuer, after consultation with 
the Relevant Regulator (as defined in Condition 6(j)), that as a result of a change in Applicable 
MREL Regulations or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, 
is (or is likely to be) fully or partially excluded from eligibility for inclusion in any amount of 
“eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) (the Eligible Liabilities Amount) 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL 
Regulations) if the Issuer or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such 
MREL Requirement, provided that an Eligible Liabilities Event shall not occur where such 
ineligibility for the inclusion of such Notes in the Eligible Liabilities Amount is or will be caused 
by (i) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (ii) any applicable limits 
on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed 
to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. Such determination to be confirmed by 
the Issuer to the Trustee in a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer. The Trustee shall

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
89 
be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of such matters, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders; 
Group means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time; and 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
which is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may 
be. 
Subsidiary means a company (i) the majority of the voting rights of which are held by the Issuer 
and/or by one or more other Subsidiaries or (ii) of which the Issuer and/or one or more other 
Subsidiaries is a member and has or have the right to appoint or remove a majority of its board 
of directors, or (iii) the Issuer and/or one or more other Subsidiaries is a member of it and 
controls, pursuant to an agreement with other shareholders or members, a majority of voting 
rights in it. 
(j) 
Redemption, Purchase, Substitution and Variation only with Prior Approval: No early 
redemption or purchase or substitution or variation, each as contemplated by this Condition 6, 
of such Notes may be made without the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent 
is required pursuant to (A) (in respect of Subordinated Notes) Applicable Banking Regulations 
or (B) (in respect of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) Applicable MREL 
Regulations). 
Relevant Regulator means (i) (in respect of Subordinated Notes) the Swedish FSA and (ii) (in 
respect of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Swedish National Debt 
Office or such other authority tasked with matters relating to the qualification of securities of the 
Issuer or the Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations.  
(k) 
Variation or Substitution: This Condition 6(k) is applicable only where this Condition 6(k) is 
specified as being applicable hereon. 
If at any time:  
(A) 
in the case of Notes specified hereon as being Subordinated Notes, (i) a Capital Event, 
(ii) a Withholding Tax Event or (iii) a Tax Deductibility Event occurs and is continuing; 
or  
(B) 
in the case of Notes specified hereon as being either Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, (i) an event giving rise to a right of redemption pursuant to 
Condition 6(c)(1) or (ii) an Eligible Liabilities Event occurs and is continuing,  
the Issuer may, subject to the approval of the Relevant Regulator, without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the Noteholders and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the Trustee and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities (as defined below), provided in each case that such variation or substitution does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities that 
are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
The Trustee shall (at the request and expense of the Issuer) use its reasonable endeavours to 
assist the Issuer in substitution or variation of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 6(k), 
provided that (i) the Trustee receives a certificate in the form described in the definition of 
“Qualifying Securities” in accordance with the provisions thereof, and (ii) the Trustee shall not 
be obliged to participate or assist in any such substitution or variation if the terms of the notes 
into which the Notes are to be substituted or are to be varied impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, 
more onerous obligations upon it or reduce its protections. The Trustee shall be entitled to 
accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of such matters, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on Noteholders and Couponholders. 
Qualifying Securities means, for the purpose of this Condition 6(k), securities, whether debt, 
equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that:

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
90 
(1) 
have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Notes, certified by the Issuer 
acting reasonably (which certification shall be signed by two Directors of the Issuer, 
shall be binding on the Noteholders, and shall be delivered to the Trustee not less than 
five Business Days prior to (i) in the case of substitution of the Notes, the issue of the 
relevant securities or (ii) in the case of a variation, such variation), than the terms of 
the Notes, provided that they shall (1) include a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates 
as those from time to time applying to the Notes, (3) have the same redemption rights 
as the Notes (although they need not contain all of the rights of the Issuer under 
Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(i), as applicable), (4) preserve any existing rights under 
the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) last preceding the date of substitution or variation, (5) comply with the then 
current requirements of (x) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to Senior Preferred 
Obligations or Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, as applicable, or (y) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Applicable Banking Regulations in relation to Tier 2 capital 
and (6) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings, if any, as any 
solicited credit ratings that were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution; and 
(2) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange selected by the Issuer and approved by the 
Trustee if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
7. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the 
case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(ii)), as the case 
may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque 
payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. Bank means a bank in the principal 
financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access 
to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any of 
the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) 
below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register (i) 
where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the Record Date). Payments of 
interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such 
Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such 
payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall 
have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
91 
amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable 
fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8, and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the Trustee to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an 
Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent 
in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
(including Luxembourg, so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes 
may be listed in each case, as approved by the Trustee. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes 
such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
(if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Capital Event Redemption 
Amount, Eligible Liabilities Event Early Redemption Amount and Tax Event Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted 
shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note 
or a Fixed Reset Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
92 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made 
only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon 
sheet issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
business day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centres hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in the Kingdom of Sweden 
in respect of the Notes and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the Kingdom of 
Sweden or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, in the case of a payment of interest only, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(1) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with the Kingdom of Sweden 
other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(2) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect 
of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days 
after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of it would have been 
entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day. 
As used in these Conditions, Relevant Date in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date 
on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is 
in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) principal shall be

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
93 
deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Capital Event Redemption 
Amounts, Eligible Liabilities Event Early Redemption Amounts, Tax Event Early Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) interest shall be deemed to 
include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition or any undertaking given in 
addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which, for this purpose, 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case 
of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (Events of Default): 
(i) 
Non-Payment: any default is made in the payment of principal in respect of 
any Note due and payable in accordance with these Conditions or in the 
payment of interest due on any Notes on an Interest Payment Date or any 
other date and any such default continues for 15 days; or 
(ii) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer (except for the purpose of a merger, 
reconstruction or amalgamation under which the continuing entity effectively 
assumes all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is 
otherwise declared bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation), in 
each case by a court or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of 
Sweden having jurisdiction in respect of the same, 
the Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested by the holders of at least one-fifth 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall, provided that it shall in each case have been indemnified to its 
satisfaction,  
(A) 
(in the case of (i) above), institute such steps, including the obtaining 
of a judgment against the Issuer for any amount due in respect of the 
relevant Notes, as it thinks desirable with a view to having the Issuer 
declared bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation), in each 
case in the Kingdom of Sweden and not elsewhere, and prove or claim 
in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and/or 
(B) 
(in the case of (ii) above), prove or claim in the bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer, whether in the Kingdom of Sweden or 
elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by a third party, 
but (in either case) the Trustee may claim payment in respect of the Note only in the 
bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of the Issuer. 
(2) 
In any of the events or circumstances described in Condition 10(1)(ii) above, the 
Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall, provided that it shall in each case have been indemnified and/or 
prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction, give notice in writing to the Issuer that 
each Note is, and each Note shall (subject to the provisions set out in Condition 10(1)) 
thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed, but subject to the Issuer 
only being required to make such payment after it has been declared bankrupt 
(konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation).

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
94 
(3) 
The Trustee may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on 
the Issuer under the Notes (other than, without prejudice to paragraphs (1) and (2) 
above, any obligation for the payment of any principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it. 
(4) 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) 
above or proving or claiming in the bankruptcy (konkurs) or liquidation (likvidation) of 
the Issuer in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere, shall be available to the Trustee or 
the holders of the Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the 
Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings 
under the Notes or the Trust Deed. 
(5) 
The Trustee is not obliged to institute any steps or proceedings as described in 
paragraphs (2) to (4) above or take any other action under the Trust Deed unless (a) it 
shall have been so directed or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least 
one-fifth in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding and (b) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or 
Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having 
become bound to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within 60 days (in which event the 
relevant Noteholder or Couponholder shall have only such right against the Issuer as 
those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise as set out in these Conditions). 
11. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders (including by way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference 
platform) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the 
Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any 
meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes held or represented, unless the 
business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on 
the Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to 
vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Capital Event 
Redemption Amount or the Eligible Liabilities Event Early Redemption Amount, Tax Event Early 
Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution in which case the necessary quorum shall be two 
or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting 
not less than 25 per cent., in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they 
were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed 
that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any 
other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of 
any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed that is in the opinion

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
95 
of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such 
modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and, if the Trustee so requires, such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable. 
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 5(l) and the 
substitution and variation provisions set out in Condition 6(k) without the requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
(c) 
Substitution: The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to 
such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require, but 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to the substitution of the Issuer’s 
successor in business or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or its successor in business in place of 
the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed 
and the Notes, provided (inter alia) that the Issuer gives notice of such substitution to the 
Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 16. In the case of such a substitution 
the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to a 
change of the law governing the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed 
provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. 
Any such substitution is subject to the consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is 
required pursuant to (i) (in respect of Subordinated Notes) Applicable Banking Regulations or 
(ii) (in respect of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) Applicable MREL 
Regulations) 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee: In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not 
limited to those referred to in this Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of 
the Noteholders as a class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor 
shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders 
or Couponholders. 
12. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any entity 
related to the Issuer without accounting for any profit. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, CERTIFICATES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
If a Note, Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, 
Certificate, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so that such further issue shall be

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
96 
consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) 
or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. References in these 
Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued 
pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. Any further securities forming a 
single series with the outstanding securities of any series (including the Notes) constituted by the Trust 
Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall, and any other securities may (with the consent of the 
Trustee), be constituted by the Trust Deed. The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening a single 
meeting of the Noteholders and the holders of securities of other series where the Trustee so decides. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
16. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if published in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and 
so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, either in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). If in the opinion of the Trustee any such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first 
date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed, the Notes, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law except that the provisions of Condition 3 and clause 4 of the Trust Deed are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: To the extent allowed by law, the Courts of England are to have jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons 
(including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes, Coupons or Talons) and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons (Proceedings) (including any 
Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any 
Notes, Coupons or Talons) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed 
irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Service of Process: The Issuer appoints Business Sweden, the Swedish Trade & Invest 
Council at its registered office at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for 
service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of Business Sweden ceasing so to act or 
ceasing to be registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of 
process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
(d) 
Swedish Statutory Bail-In: Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder, by its 
acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for these purposes, includes each holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise of any 
Bail-in Power by the relevant Swedish resolution authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or accrued but unpaid interest on, 
the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or accrued but

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
97 
unpaid interest on, the Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the 
exercise by the relevant Swedish resolution authority of such Bail-in Power. Each Noteholder 
(which, for these purposes, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) further 
acknowledges and agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied, 
if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the relevant Swedish 
resolution authority. 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory reduction and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or any member of the Group incorporated 
in the relevant Member State of the European Union in effect and applicable in the relevant 
Member State of the European Union to the Issuer and/or any other member of the Group, 
including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or 
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a 
relevant Member State of the European Union’s resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to 
which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any member of the Group can be 
reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or other notes or obligations of the obligor or 
any other person. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the relevant Swedish resolution authority of the 
actual exercise of the Bail-in Power or the date from which the Bail-in Power shall be effective 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
16 without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the relevant Swedish resolution authority with respect to 
the Notes shall not constitute an event of default under the Notes and the terms and conditions 
of the Notes shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding 
amount payable with respect to, the Notes, subject to any modification of the amount of interest 
payable to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes that the relevant Swedish resolution authority may decide in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or any member of the Group incorporated in the relevant Member State 
of the European Union. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Each Tranche of Notes issued in bearer form and cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be initially issued in the form of a temporary Global Note or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, a permanent Global Note 
which in either case will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, be delivered on or 
prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common 
Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with (i) the Common Depositary (if the Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) or (ii) the Common Safekeeper (if the Global Note is intended to be 
issued in NGN form) or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee (i) for the Common 
Depositary or (ii) the Common Safekeeper (if the Registered Notes are intended to be held under the 
new safekeeping structure (NSS)) and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common 
Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is a NGN or the Registered Notes are held under NSS, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing systems shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note or the relative Global Certificate and a 
statement issued by a clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary or Common Safekeeper, as applicable, 
may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms or 
relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. 
Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited 
to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such clearing system (as the case may be) for their share of 
each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes 
or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as 
the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer 
will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 99 ---
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
99 
Exchange 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, indicate that 
such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA 
is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description of the Programme – Selling 
Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described below; 
and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, for Definitive 
Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part 
for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global 
Note for Registered Notes; and 
(ii) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
other clearing system (an Alternative Clearing System) and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does 
so. 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, state that the Notes are to be represented 
by a permanent Global Certificate on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held 
in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not 
prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of 
such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the 
relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) may 
only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.

--- Page 100 ---
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
100 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and 
the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes if 
so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions. 
Delivery of Notes 
On or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender such Global Note or, 
in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the 
case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, (A) if the Global Notes 
are not NGNs, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, 
in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global 
Note to reflect such exchange or (B) if the Global Notes are NGNs, procure that details of such 
exchange shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing systems or (ii) in the case of 
a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or 
Certificates, as the case may be. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Notes means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest). Definitive Notes will be security printed and 
Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in 
or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Trust Deed. On exchange in full of each 
permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned 
to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 
days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, 
or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented 
by a Global Note will be made against presentation (and, in the case of a Global Note not intended to 
be issued in NGN form, endorsement) and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If a Global Note is not a 
NGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement 
will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing systems and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the relevant clearing systems and represented by the Global Note will be reduced 
accordingly.

--- Page 101 ---
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
101 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
5 years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
minimum Specified Denomination of Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged. (All holders 
of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each Note comprising such Noteholder’s 
holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate.) 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest (if 
any) thereon. 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are represented 
by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the 
time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of 
an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the 
Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders 
with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or any 
other clearing system (as the case may be). 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with 
a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying 
Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect 
of which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which 
the option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is not a NGN, presenting 
the permanent Global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, for notation. Where the permanent Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer 
shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the relevant Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered 
pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, the 
nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.

--- Page 102 ---
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
102 
Trustee’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Noteholders while any Global Note is held on behalf of, or Registered 
Notes are registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard 
to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either 
individually or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to such Global Note or Registered 
Notes and may consider such interests as if such accountholders were the holders of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of 
that exchange so require, notices shall also be published either in a leading newspaper having general 
circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Interest 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for general corporate purposes of the Issuer 
and its subsidiaries.  
In addition, where the applicable Final Terms for any Tranche of Notes indicate (including under “Use 
of Proceeds” in Part B of the applicable Final Terms) that such Notes are intended to be issued as 
Green Bonds (Green Bonds), an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used 
for financing or re-financing, in whole or in part, loans disbursed by the Issuer that promote the transition 
towards a low-carbon, climate change resilient and environmentally sustainable society, within 
categories such as green and energy efficient buildings, environmentally sustainable management of 
living natural resources and land use, renewable energy and clean transportation (Green Loans), in 
each case as determined by the Issuer in accordance with its Green Bond Framework (available on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.lansforsakringar.se/alvsborg/privat/om-oss/finansiellt/lansforsakringar-
bank-ab/grona-obligationer/#greenbonds) and in effect at the time of issuance of the Green Bonds.  
The net proceeds from the Green Bonds will not be allocated to loans for which the purpose of the 
project is fossil energy production, nuclear energy generation, weapons and defence, potentially 
environmentally harmful resource extraction (such as rare-earth elements or fossil fuels), gambling or 
tobacco.  
An amount equal to the net proceeds from the Green Bonds may be used for both existing and new 
Green Loans disbursed by the Issuer. New financing refers to Green Loans disbursed during the 
current reporting year and re-financing refers to Green Loans disbursed before the current reporting 
year. The distribution between financing and re-financing will be reported on in the Issuer’s annual 
Green 
Bond 
Report, 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/alvsborg/privat/om-oss/finansiellt/lansforsakringar-bank-ab/grona-
obligationer/#greenbonds (as updated or replaced from time to time, the Green Bond Report).  
Sustainalytics (an independent provider of research-based evaluations of green financing frameworks 
to determine their environmental robustness) has evaluated the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and 
issued a second party opinion (the Second Party Opinion) on the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework 
verifying its credibility, impact and alignment with the International Capital Market Association Green 
Bond Principles 2021. The Second Party Opinion is available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/alvsborg/privat/om-oss/finansiellt/lansforsakringar-bank-ab/grona-
obligationer/#greenbonds.  
None of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, the Green Bond Report and the Second Party Opinion is 
incorporated by reference in, or shall form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
If, in respect of an issue of Notes, there is any other particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.  
Potential investors in any Green Bonds should also refer to the risk factor titled “In respect of any Notes 
issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that such use 
of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor”.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Description of the Issuer 
OVERVIEW 
Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) (the Issuer) is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Sweden on 12 March 1996 for an unlimited duration under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: 
Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Issuer is registered in the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
under corporate registration number 516401-9878 and has the LEI code 549300C6TUMDXNOVXS82. 
The Issuer operates as a limited liability company regulated as a banking company under the Banking 
and Financing Business Act (Sw. Lag (2004: 297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) and is subject to 
the 
supervision 
of 
the 
Swedish 
FSA. 
The 
Issuer’s 
website 
is 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/stockholm/other-languages/english/about-
lansforsakringar/lansforsakringar-bank/ and telephone number is +46 8 588 400 00. 
The Issuer has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) (LF Hypotek), 
the Issuer’s mortgage institution; Wasa Kredit AB (Wasa Kredit), a finance company offering leasing, 
hire purchase and personal loans; and Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB (publ) (LF 
Fondförvaltning), which manages mutual funds. The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken 
as a whole from time to time comprise the Bank Group. 
The Issuer is wholly owned by Länsförsäkringar AB (publ) (502010-9681) (LFAB). LFAB is principally 
owned by 23 independent, local and customer-owned regional insurance companies in Sweden (the 
Regional Insurance Companies) which, together with LFAB and its subsidiaries, including the Bank 
Group, and Länsförsäkringar Fastighetsförmedling AB, comprise the Länsförsäkringar Alliance (the 
Alliance) Besides the protections awarded under the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish 
Banking and Financing Business Act, the Issuer has adopted an internal policy framework and controls 
compliance with such internal policy framework and regulatory requirements on a continuous basis in 
order to mitigate the risk for abuse of power and conflict of interest risks. 
The Issuer relies upon its parent, LFAB, for the injection of necessary capital. The Issuer’s capitalisation 
can be impacted by the conditions prevailing within the Alliance. 
The consolidated situation encompasses Länsförsäkringar Bank AB and its subsidiaries, which is 
collectively the Bank Group, following the merger in the second quarter of 2021 between 
Länsförsäkringar AB and Länsförsäkringar Sak Försäkringsaktiebolag (publ). 
The following diagram shows the structure of the Alliance, and the Bank Group within it as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 105 ---
Description of the Issuer 
105 
Länsförsäkringar Bank – part of the Länsförsäkringar Alliance 
 
The Issuer is one of the larger retail banks in Sweden with 1,261,000 customers (of which 612,800 have 
the Issuer as their primary bank) and a business volume (loans, deposits and funds) of SEK 820 billion 
as of 31 December 2022. In 2022, the business continued to grow in the loans and deposits product 
segments while in the funds product segment, the business volumes declined due to the decline in 
market values in the market, although a positive net inflow was recorded in this segment. According to 
the 2022 Swedish Quality Index customer satisfaction survey, the Issuer continues to have the highest 
customer satisfaction among the major market players for retail bank customers. 
The Bank Group offers a full range of banking services to its customers (mainly private individuals, 
farmers and small businesses). Sales, advisory services and customer services are carried out through 
the 115 branches of the Regional Insurance Companies and via the internet, mobile services and 
telephone. Certain administration of banking services is also carried out at the branches of the Regional 
Insurance Companies. The Regional Insurance Companies are reimbursed for sales, administration 
and services through a reimbursement system based on volumes managed. 
STRATEGY 
The Issuer’s strategy, which has not been changed since 2000, is to provide the Alliance’s Regional 
Insurance Companies’ customers with a complete offering of banking services. Customer contact is 
mainly performed by the 115 branches of the Regional Insurance Companies. The real estate 
brokerage, Länsförsäkringar Fastighetsförmedling, also conducts some customer contacts at its 189 
branches. The strategy for the Issuer’s banking operations is primarily based on the existing 
infrastructure of the Alliance: a large customer base, a strong brand, local presence and the value basis 
and core values of the customer-owned Regional Insurance Companies. 
History 
The Issuer was founded in 1996 to further broaden the Alliance’s offering. In 2000, the strategy of 
becoming a full-service retail bank was adopted and in 2001 the Issuer started retail mortgage lending 
operations through LF Hypotek. 
Large customer base 
The Alliance has a total of 3.9 million insurance customers and the main target groups for the Issuer 
are the 3.2 million retail customers, of whom 2.1 million are home-insurance customers. Other target 
groups are agricultural customers and small businesses. 
23 local regional insurance companies 
3.9 million customers 
Länsförsäkringar AB 
Länsförsäkringar Bank 
Länsförsäkringar 
Hypotek 
Retail mortgages 
Wasa Kredit 
Leasing, hire purchase 
and unsecured loans 
Länsförsäkringar 
Fondförvaltning 
Mutual funds

--- Page 106 ---
Description of the Issuer 
106 
Local customer-owned 
The banking operations, which are conducted in Sweden only, have a local presence as the Regional 
Insurance Companies manage the majority of all contact with customers. The Regional Insurance 
Companies are mutual non-life insurance companies, and as such are owned by the policy holders of 
each company. The Regional Insurance Companies’ involvement, network and local decision-making, 
provide a broad and in-depth local presence. 
Customer-driven business model 
The Issuer supports the Regional Insurance Companies in their advisory services and sales. Product 
development takes place in close cooperation between the Issuer and the Regional Insurance 
Companies. This cooperation features continuous efficiency enhancements to implement 
improvements that lead to better processes and advisory services, greater expertise and lower costs. 
OBJECTIVES 
The Issuer’s objectives are as follows: 
 
achieve profitable growth; 
 
have the most satisfied customers; and 
 
increase the percentage of customers who combine their banking and insurance commitments. 
KEY FIGURES 
 
 
 
Full Year 
Full Year 
GROUP 
Q4 2022 
Q4 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
Return on equity (%) ............................................  
6.8 
7.9 
8.2 
9.8 
Return on total assets (%).....................................  
0.21 
0.36 
0.36 
0.42 
Investment margin (%)..........................................  
1.57 
1.08 
1.19 
1.12 
Cost/income ratio before loan losses..............................................  
0.57 
0.78 
0.50 
0.55 
Cost/income ratio before credit losses, excluding items 
affecting comparability 
- 
0.53 
- 
0.49 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio, Bank Group (%).  
15.4 
15.3 
15.4 
15.3 
Tier 1 ratio, Bank Group (%) ..................................  
17.2 
17.2 
17.2 
17.2 
Total capital ratio, Bank Group (%).........................  
18.5 
19.4 
18.5 
19.4 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio, consolidated 
situation* (%) ......................................................  
15.4 
15.3 
15.4 
15.3 
Tier 1 ratio, consolidated situation* (%) ...................  
17.2 
17.2 
17.2 
17.2 
Total capital ratio, consolidated situation* (%) 
18.5 
19.4 
18.5 
19.4 
Share of credit-impaired loan receivables stage 3 (%) 
0.15 
0.20 
0.15 
0.20 
Reserve ratio for loan receivables stage 1 (%) 
0.02 
0.02 
0.02 
0.02 
Reserve ratio for loan receivables stage 2 (%) 
1.41 
1.32 
1.41 
1.32 
Reserve ratio for loan receivables stage 3 (%) 
40.9 
33.6 
40.9 
33.6 
Reserve ratio for loan receivables, including withheld 
remuneration to regional insurance companies (%)...  
45.1 
38.6 
45.1 
38.6 
Credit loss level (%) .............................................  
0.08 
-0.29 
0.03 
-0.09 
Credit loss level (%), excluding items affecting 
comparability 
- 
0.00 
- 
-0.01 
* As of 30 June 2021, the consolidated situation comprises the Bank Group.  
REGULATORY FRAMEWORK 
The Issuer is subject to a number of rules and regulations, amongst others the Companies Act, the 
Securities Markets Act (Sw: Lag (2007:528) om värdepappersmarknaden) and the Banking and 
Financing Business Act which regulates, inter alia, the Issuer’s lending activities. In addition, the

--- Page 107 ---
Description of the Issuer 
107 
Supervision of Credit and Investment Institutions Act (Sw: Lag (2014:968) om särskild tillsyn över 
kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag), the Act on Capital Buffers (Sw: Lag (2014:966) om 
kapitalbuffertar) and CRR sets forth certain requirements on regulatory capital and exposure that the 
Issuer must observe.The Issuer is supervised by the Swedish FSA. 
CREDIT QUALITY 
Total loans in the Bank Group amounted to SEK 367 billion (351 billion) on 31 December 2022, 
excluding deposits with the Swedish National Debt Office and similar items. The geographic distribution 
of the loan portfolio encompasses all of Sweden, and no loans were granted with collateral based 
outside Sweden. As of 31 December 2022, mortgages accounted for 80 per cent. (77 per cent.) of the 
loan portfolio and agricultural loans accounted for 9 per cent. (9 per cent.). Combined, these loans 
accounted for approximately 89 per cent. (86 per cent.) of the Bank Group’s loan portfolio. Credit losses 
amounted to SEK 123 million, net (-331 million, net) corresponding to a credit loss level of 0.03 per 
cent. (-0.09 per cent.). Figures in parentheses pertain to the same period in 2021. 
As of 31 December 2022, credit-impaired loan receivables (stage 3) before provisions amounted to 
SEK 963 million, corresponding to a share of credit-impaired loan receivables of 0.15 per cent. In 2022, 
the loss allowance for credit-impaired loan receivables was SEK 394 million. The reserve ratio for credit-
impaired loan receivables amounted to 40.9 per cent. In addition, SEK 40 million of the remuneration 
to the Regional Insurance Companies regarding credit-impaired loan receivables in accordance with 
the settlement model for the Regional Insurance Companies’ credit-risk commitments for generated 
business is withheld. The loss allowance for credit-impaired loan receivables (including the withheld 
remuneration to the Regional Insurance Companies) totalled SEK 434 million. The reserve ratio for 
credit-impaired loan receivables, including withheld remuneration to the Regional Insurance 
Companies, amounted to 45.1 per cent. and the total recognised loss allowance was SEK 636 million, 
of which SEK 80 million pertained to withheld remuneration to the Regional Insurance Companies in 
accordance with the settlement model for the Regional Insurance Companies’ credit-risk commitments 
for generated business. 
FUNDING STRATEGY OF THE BANK GROUP 
The Bank Group manages its funding and liquidity with the aim to have a sufficiently strong liquidity 
position to ensure that it can handle periods with stress in the capital markets, when access to new 
funding is limited or not even available. The liquidity risk is controlled and limited through a survival 
horizon methodology, which relates to how long all known contracted obligations can be met without 
any access to capital market financing. 
The share of deposits in the Bank Group’s total financing year amounted to 34 per cent. on 31 
December 2022. 
Given its retail oriented business mix and large mortgage lending operation, the Bank Group’s main 
funding sources are naturally retail deposits and covered bonds. However senior unsecured debt and 
commercial papers are also issued. The Bank Group has a low refinancing risk and the maturity profile 
is well diversified. As of 31 December 2022, deposits from the public amounted to SEK 153 billion. Debt 
securities amounted to a nominal SEK 263 billion, of which covered bonds amounted to SEK 218 billion, 
senior long-term funding amounted to SEK 44 billion and short-term funding amounted to SEK 1.4 
billion. The average remaining term for the long-term funding was 3.0 years on 31 December 2022. The 
covered bonds are issued out of the issuer’s subsidiary, LF Hypotek and mainly in the form of liquid 
benchmark bonds in the domestic Swedish market. Although SEK is the dominating funding currency, 
diversification is achieved through regular Euro benchmark issuances in both senior preferred and 
covered bond formats. 
The market risk that arises from the lending and the funding operations are managed mainly through 
derivatives. Using derivatives increases the flexibility of borrowing activities, entailing that the financing 
can be based on market conditions with only a limited exposure to interest rate and currency risks. 
Intercreditor agreement and subordination of the Issuer’s claims in relation to LF Hypotek 
against certain borrowers 
The Issuer and LF Hypotek have granted, and will grant loans to certain borrowers which are secured 
by security granted to the Issuer and LF Hypotek jointly and/or on a first and second ranking basis with

--- Page 108 ---
Description of the Issuer 
108 
respect to existing and/or future obligations of the borrowers (the Joint Collateral). The Issuer and LF 
Hypotek have, in an intercreditor agreement, agreed that, unless otherwise agreed in a specific case in 
relation to a certain borrower, LF Hypotek’s claims in respect of the Joint Collateral (and any income 
from the realisation thereof) shall rank senior to the Issuer’s claims in respect thereof. 
Liquidity facility agreement between the Issuer and LF Hypotek 
The Issuer and LF Hypotek have entered into a liquidity facility agreement, pursuant to which the Issuer 
makes available a committed liquidity loan facility to LF Hypotek to support its ability to repay principal 
and pay interest on covered bonds issued under LF Hypotek’s covered bonds programmes. 
CREDIT POLICY 
The lending portfolio is entirely comprised of loans with Swedish-based collateral. The loan book is 
geographically well-distributed across Sweden meaning there is no concentration in any particular 
region. Loan origination is primarily directed towards mortgages for private individuals’ homes and 
family-owned agricultural operations. The Issuer does however also, itself and through Wasa Kredit, to 
a certain extent offer unsecured loans as well as, through Wasa Kredit, leasing and hire purchase loans. 
All loans are given subject and pursuant to the credit policy decided by the Board of Directors and the 
credit process is largely automated. The Regional Insurance Companies have good knowledge about 
their customers and the local markets. The banking operations impose strict requirements on 
customers’ repayment capacity and the quality of any collateral. In connection with credit scoring, the 
repayment capacity of borrowers and households is stress tested and the quality of the loan portfolio 
and the borrowers’ repayment capacity are continuously monitored and reviewed. The credit policy is 
centrally decided and the automated credit scoring and decision support system are managed centrally 
by the Issuer. A majority of the credit decisions are taken locally by the Regional Insurance Companies. 
The decision-support model, combined with the expertise, local market knowledge and credit 
responsibility of the Regional Insurance Companies, creates favourable conditions for balanced and 
consistent loan origination and a loan portfolio of high credit quality. 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The overall objective is to protect shareholders’ equity and the investors’ and depositors’ capital. 
Returns are maximised through active and secure financial management within the guidelines of the 
Bank Group’s overall risk policy. 
A sound financial management is ensured by the Issuer being proactive, maintaining clear divisions of 
responsibility and exercising strict controls. All limits, methods of measuring, financial instruments, 
reporting and responsibilities in respect of the policy are to be well defined and updated and modified 
as appropriate. 
The divisions of responsibility in financial management are of utmost importance. This means that 
position taking and executing roles should have no influence on risk control and back office functions. 
Division of Responsibility in Risk Management 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is ultimately responsible for the Bank Group’s operations and, as 
a result, for safeguarding the Bank Group’s assets and for creating risk awareness in the Bank Group. 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer achieves this goal, among others, by annually establishing central 
risk tolerances and risk strategies that ensure a sound and well-balanced process for risk-taking and 
risk management. Such a process can be characterised by a deliberate focus on changes in the 
operations and its macro-economic environment. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is also 
responsible for establishing all of the methods, models, systems and processes that form the internal 
measurement, control and reporting of identified risks. Through the Bank Group’s Compliance, Risk 
Control and Internal Audit functions, the Board of Directors of the Issuer is also responsible for ensuring 
that the Issuer’s regulatory compliance and risks are managed in a satisfactory manner. 
The President is responsible for the ongoing administration of the Issuer in accordance with the risk 
tolerances and risk strategies established by the Board of Directors of the Issuer. This means that the 
President is responsible for ensuring that the methods, models, systems and processes that form the 
internal measurement, control and reporting of identified risks work in the manner intended and decided 
by the Board of Directors of the Issuer.

--- Page 109 ---
Description of the Issuer 
109 
The President is the Chairman of an Asset Liability Committee whose main task is to follow up capital 
and financial matters arising in the Bank Group. 
Risk Control is an independent unit and has an independent position in relation to the corporate 
operations that it has been assigned to monitor and control. Risk Control is under the supervision of the 
President and is responsible to the Board of Directors of the Issuer for ensuring that risk policies are 
complied with, risk limits are monitored and non-compliance is reported to the President and Board of 
Directors of the Issuer. In addition, Risk Control is responsible for the validation of the risk-classification 
system (the IRB Approach (as defined below)) and its use in the Issuer’s operations. One of the most 
important tasks of the Risk Control is to ensure that the Issuer’s operations have active risk 
management and that the risk tolerance established by the Board of Directors of the Issuer is converted 
into limits according to which the operations conduct their activities. 
AGREEMENT REGARDING SETTLEMENT MODEL WITH THE REGIONAL INSURANCE 
COMPANIES 
The “Länsförsäkringar settlement model”, which was introduced on 1 January 2014, under which the 
Regional Insurance Companies have assumed part of the credit risk for loan losses related to the 
business they have originated, entails that the Regional Insurance Companies cover 80 per cent. of the 
provisioning requirement in the Bank Group (excluding Wasa Kredit), on the date when an impairment 
is identified, by off-setting this against a buffer of accrued commission. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
The Bank Group applies the Internal Ratings Based Approach (IRB Approach). The advanced IRB 
Approach is applied to all retail exposure and to most of the counterparty exposures to corporates and 
the agricultural sector. The fundamental IRB Approach is applied to all other counterparty exposures to 
corporates and the agricultural sector and the Standardised Approach for other exposures. As of 30 
June 2021, the consolidated situation comprises the Bank Group. As of 31 December 2022, the CET1 
ratio according to CRD IV amounted to 15.4 per cent. for the Consolidated Situation and to 15.4 per 
cent. for the Bank Group alike. As of 31 December 2022, the Total Capital ratio according to CRD IV 
was 18.5 per cent. for the Consolidated Situation and 18.5 per cent. for the Bank Group alike.  
THE SWEDISH BANKERS’ ASSOCIATION 
The Swedish Bankers’ Association organises banks and financial institutions established in Sweden. 
The aim is to contribute to a sound and efficient regulatory framework that facilitates banks to help 
create economic wealth for customers and society. 
The Issuer is a member of the association. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Ukraine 
There is a risk that the global economy is negatively affected by the ongoing war in Ukraine through 
lower GDP growth, higher energy prices and turbulence in financial markets. This may in turn, in relation 
to the Issuer, lead to for example reduced costumer demand for the Issuer’s products, higher loan loss 
provisions for expected credit losses due to a more negative macroeconomic outlook and more difficult 
funding markets. It is not possible to predict, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, how long the war 
will continue and the extent of its potential negative effects. 
Anti-money laundering sanction 
 
The Swedish FSA published a decision on 14 December 2022 with remark and fine of SEK 90 million 
for deficiencies in transaction monitoring by the Issuer in June 2021. Since June 2021, several 
measures have been implemented according to a set plan. Actions have been taken and the process 
of implementing a new know your customer and transaction monitoring system has been started. 
However, the Swedish FSA concluded that no actual money laundering has been detected due to the 
identified deficiencies.

--- Page 110 ---
Description of the Issuer 
110 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
Board of Directors 
 
Name and Role 
Principal Outside Activities 
Mathias Collén 
Born 1981 
Chairman since 2022  
President of Länsförsäkringar AB 
Other 
Board 
appointments: Chairman 
of 
Länsförsäkringar 
Fondliv 
and 
Agria 
Djurförsäkring. Board member of Länsförsäkringar 
Liv, 
Länsförsäkringar 
Mäklarservice, 
Försäkringsbranschens 
Pensionskassa 
och 
Eurapco. 
Ola Evensson 
Born 1965 
Board member since 2020 
President of Länsförsäkringar Älvsborg 
Other 
Board 
appointments: Chairman 
of 
Älvsborgs Larmcentral AB. Board member of 
Länsförsäkringar 
Trygghetstjänster 
AB, 
Humlegården Fastigheter AB, LFant AB and 
Skadedjursbekämpning i Väst AB. 
Ulrica Hedman 
Born 1974 
Board member since 2022 
President of Länsförsäkringar Uppsala 
Other Board appointments: Member of the 
nomination committee Länsförsäkringar AB, 
Board member of Drivhuset. 
Emil Källström 
Born 1987 
Board member since 2022 
President of SEKAB BioFuel Industries AB 
Other Board appointments: Board member of 
Alma folkhögskola. 
 
Niklas Larsson 
Bort 1970 
Board member since 2021 
President of Länsförsäkringar Göinge-
Kristianstad 
Other Board appointments: Board member of LF 
Affärsservice Sydost AB and subsidiaries of 
Länsförsäkringar Göinge-Kristianstad. 
Hans Ljungkvist 
Born 1952 
Board member since 2021 
Chairman of Länsförsäkringar Göteborg & 
Bohuslän 
Other Board appointments: Chairman of AB 
Tornstaden and Crepido AB. 
Anna Christina Norrström 
Born 1952 
Board member since 2022 
Chairman of Länsförsäkringar Bergslagen  
Other 
Board 
appointments: Chairman 
of 
Länsförsäkringar Bergslagen Fastigheter AB. 
Board member of Hällefors Tierp Skogar AB and 
FastighetsAB Congress i Västerås. 
Anette Andersson 
Born 1962 
Employee representative since 2022 
Other Board appointments: Board member of 
Forena Stockholm Länsförsäkringar. 
Mattias Karlsson 
Born 1974 
Employee representative since 2020 
Other Board appointments: Board member of 
Wasa Kredit AB. 
Executive Management 
Name and Role 
Principal Outside Activities 
Sven Eggefalk 
Born 1969  
President. Employed since 2018. 
Board Chairman of Länsförsäkringar Hypotek. 
Board Chairman of WasaKredit. Board member 
of Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning,

--- Page 111 ---
Description of the Issuer 
111 
Länsförsäkringar Fastighetsförmedling AB and 
Svenska Bankföreningen. 
Martin Rydin 
Born 1968  
CFO. Employed since 2012. 
N/A 
Louise Lindgren 
Born 1959 
Chief Risk Officer. Employed since 2014. 
N/A 
Susanne Calner 
Born 1969  
Head of CEO office. Employed since 2012. 
N/A 
Ellinor Örtegren Johanson  
Born 1958 
Head of Financial Crime Prevention. Employed 
since 2020. 
N/A 
Bengt Clemedtson  
Born 1964  
Head of Customer & Market. Employed since 
2006. 
N/A 
Tobias Ternstedt 
Born 1972 
Head of Product, process, operations & IT 
Employed since 2010. 
Board member Finansiell ID-teknik AB. 
 
 
Michael Patring 
Born 1975 
Head of Credit 
Employed since 2017. 
N/A 
Eva Gottfridsdotter Nilsson 
Born 1960 
President of Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB 
Employed since 2000. 
N/A 
Thomas Högväg 
Born 1968 
President of Wasa Kredit AB 
Employed since 2018. 
N/A 
Anders Larsson 
Born 1965 
President of Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB 
Employed since 1997. 
N/A 
The business address of each member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and Executive Management 
is Tegeluddsvägen 11-13, SE-106 50 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Control functions 
Louise Lindgren 
Risk control 
Christian von Ahlefled 
Compliance  
Annika Rosberg Robotti  
Internal audit

--- Page 112 ---
Description of the Issuer 
112 
Auditor 
Deloitte AB 
Attention: Patrick Honeth (Authorised Public Accountant)  
Rhensgatan 11 
113 79 Stockholm 
Telephone +46 75 246 20 00 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the private interests 
and other duties of the members of the Board of Directors or the Executive Management and their 
duties towards the Issuer. The aforesaid applies also to other persons from the Issuer involved in the 
preparation of this Base Prospectus. 
Employees 
In 2022, the Issuer had an average of 688 (638) employees.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Taxation 
SWEDEN 
The following overview outlines certain Swedish income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of Notes and is based on the Swedish tax laws in force as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The overview does not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be 
applicable to a potential investor in the Notes and the overview is neither intended to be, nor should be 
construed as, legal or tax advice. In particular, the overview does not address the rules regarding 
reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance 
companies. Specific tax consequences may also apply when Notes are held by partnerships or as 
trading assets in a business. Such tax consequences are not described below. Neither does the 
overview cover Notes which are placed on an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto). 
A potential investor in the Notes should therefore consult with its own tax advisor as to the Swedish or 
foreign tax consequences (including the application and effect of tax treaties) of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes in his/her particular situation. 
(i) 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Non-resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a 
resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Under Swedish tax law, payments of principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for 
Swedish tax purposes to a Non-resident Holder of Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax 
unless such Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business through a permanent 
establishment in Sweden to which the Notes are attributable. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident 
Holder of Notes. 
Under Swedish tax law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject 
to Swedish income tax unless the Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business in 
Sweden through a permanent establishment to which the Notes are attributable. 
Private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains 
taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the 
classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been 
resident in Sweden or have lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of 
disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. This 
liability may, however, be limited by tax treaties between Sweden and other countries. 
(ii) 
Resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes, or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
In general, for Swedish corporations and individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for 
Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. A capital gain or capital loss is 
calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds, after deduction for sales expenses, and the 
acquisition cost for tax purposes. The acquisition cost for all Notes of the same kind is determined 
according to the “average method” (Sw. genomsnittsmetoden). 
An individual’s capital income such as capital gains and interest is subject to a 30 per cent. tax rate. 
Limited liability companies and other legal entities are taxed on all income, including capital gains and 
interest, as business income at the tax rate of 20.6 per cent. 
Losses on listed Notes (Sw. marknadsnoterade fordringsrätter) should generally be fully deductible for 
limited liability companies and for individuals in the capital income category. Certain deduction 
limitations may apply for individuals and limited liability companies with respect to losses on financial

--- Page 114 ---
Taxation 
114 
instruments deemed share equivalents (Sw. delägarrätter) for Swedish tax purposes, not described 
further herein. 
Swedish tax law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident 
Holder of Notes. However, preliminary income tax (Sw. preliminärskatt) at a rate of 30 per cent. is 
normally withheld on payments of interest, and other yield which is paid at the same time as interest, to 
individuals and estates of deceased individuals. 
LUXEMBOURG 
The following overview is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information 
contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors 
in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or 
foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident Holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as 
amended (the Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of 
Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of their private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to a withholding 
tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (the FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established 
in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.

--- Page 115 ---
Taxation 
115 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have 
a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues”) 
that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in Notes. 
FATCA is particularly complex. The above description is based in part on regulations, official guidance 
and the U.S.-Sweden IGA, all of which are subject to change or may be implemented in a materially 
different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to 
the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Subscription and Sale 
DEALER AGREEMENT 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
dated 30 March 2023 (such Dealer Agreement as modified and/or restated and/or restated from time 
to time the Dealer Agreement) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such 
resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the 
Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis 
will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the 
Issuer. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. The relevant Final Terms (or relevant Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the 
United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base

--- Page 117 ---
Subscription and Sale 
117 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(ii) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of 
the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 118 ---
Subscription and Sale 
118 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, 
(a) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered 
or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 119 ---
Subscription and Sale 
119 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; FIEA). Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented, 
warranted and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others 
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. As used 
in this paragraph, resident of Japan means as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended). 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as 
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be

--- Page 120 ---
Subscription and Sale 
120 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Subscription 
Agreement in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have  
responsibility therefor.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
General Information 
(1) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Kingdom 
of Sweden in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme and the issue 
of Notes. The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes was 
authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 23 April 
2004, 26 April 2005, 16 June 2009, 9 June 2010, 29 April 2011, 15 June 2012, 22 April 2013, 
29 April 2014, 22 April 2015, 20 April 2016, 30 March 2017, 25 April 2018, 26 March 2019, 26 
March 2020, 8 February 2021, 9 March 2022 and 8 February 2023. 
(2) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or 
of the Bank Group since 31 December 2022. 
(3) 
Save as disclosed in the risk factor, “Risks relating to disruptions in the global credit markets 
and economy” on page 14 of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change 
in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer or of the Bank Group since 31 December 
2022. 
(4) 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects, in the context of the Notes, 
on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or of the Bank Group. 
(5) 
Each Bearer Note, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: Any United States person 
who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, 
including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. The address of Euroclear is 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be. 
(7) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms or relevant Pricing Supplement, as the case may be of each Tranche, 
based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-
issuance information in relation to underlying securities, indices, interest rates or other 
equivalent information in respect of any issues of Notes. 
(8) 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.lansforsakringar.se/stockholm/other-languages/english/about-
lansforsakringar/lansforsakringar-bank/terms-of-usage-for-emtn-base-prospectus/prospectus-
euro-medium-term-notes/): 
(i) 
the Trust Deed (which includes the forms of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer 
Notes, the Certificates, the Coupons and the Talons); and 
(ii) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer. 
(9) 
For a period of at least 10 years following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the 
following documents will, when published be available for inspection on the website of the 
Issuer 
(https://www.lansforsakringar.se/stockholm/other-languages/english/about-
lansforsakringar/lansforsakringar-bank/terms-of-usage-for-emtn-base-prospectus/prospectus-
euro-medium-term-notes/):

--- Page 122 ---
General Information 
122 
(i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or further Base Prospectus; and 
(ii) 
each set of Final Terms for Notes that are listed on the official list and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on any other 
stock exchange. 
Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of an Exempt Note and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent 
as to its holding of Notes and identity. 
(10) 
Deloitte AB (Chartered Accountants) (a member of the Swedish Institute of Authorised Public 
Accountants) has audited, and rendered unqualified audit report on, the accounts of the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
KPMG AB (Chartered Accountants) (a member of the Swedish Institute of Authorised Public 
Accountants) has audited, and rendered unqualified audit report on, the accounts of the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
(11) 
The Issuer confirms that the ratings descriptions sourced from S&P and Moody’s on pages 11-
12 of this document have been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by such parties, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
(12) 
The yield relating to a particular issue of Notes will be stated in the Final Terms relating to those 
Notes and is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
(13) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and 
their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments.

--- Page 123 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Tegeluddsvägen 11-13  
SE-10650 Stockholm  
Sweden  
 
DEALERS 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
Danske Bank A/S 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
2-12 Holmens Kanal  
DK-1092 Copenhagen K  
Denmark 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamarandakatu 5 
00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland  
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8  
106 40 Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
UBS Europe SE  
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
 
 
Citicorp Trustee Company Limited  
Citigroup Centre,  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d’Esch  
L-2953 Luxembourg

--- Page 124 ---
CALCULATION AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square  
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER 
 
UBS Europe SE  
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER  
For the financial year ended 31 December 2022 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021 
Deloitte AB  
SE113 79 Stockholm  
Sweden 
 
KPMG AB 
Box 382 
SE101 27 Stockholm 
Sweden 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
in respect of Swedish law 
To the Dealers  
in respect of English law 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
Box 1711 
SE-111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Allen & Overy LLP  
One Bishops Square  
London E1 6AD  
United Kingdom