--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 30 March 2022 
 
LÄNSFÖRSÄKRINGAR HYPOTEK AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
EUR 6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Under this €6,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme (the Programme), Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) (with the secondary 
corporate name LF Covered Bond Corporation) (the Issuer) may from time to time issue covered notes issued in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Act (as defined below) (the Notes) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form or uncertificated book entry form (the VPS Notes) registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian 
Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 (the VPS Act) in a securities depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities 
depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union (also herein 
referred to as the EU) and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) 
which unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will be Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(VPS). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €6,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General Description of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of some of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the 
quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities. Application 
has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes 
being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and will expire on 30 March 2023. The obligation to supplement 
this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) only applies 
to Notes which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (UK MiFIR) and/or offered to the public in the United 
Kingdom (also herein referred to as the UK) other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation and the FSMA. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the 
CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Each Tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the Notes are expected to be assigned a rating of Aaa by 
Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (Moody’s) and/or a rating of AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). The rating (if any) assigned to the 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Moody’s and 
S&P are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Moody’s 
and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Neither Moody’s nor S&P is established in the United Kingdom and, accordingly, any ratings assigned to the 
Notes by Moody’s and/or S&P will be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK CRA Regulation) for use in the United Kingdom. 
Each of Moody’s Investors Service Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the United Kingdom and registered in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Arranger and Dealer 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 2 ---
2 
Important Information 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure 
that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any 
Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Important Information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and 
Offers of Notes generally 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Norway, Sweden and Belgium), the United 
Kingdom, Singapore and Japan; see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer 
in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus 
as completed by final terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor 
do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and 
(3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars and to Swedish 
Kronor, Kronor and SEK refer to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden. In addition, all references

--- Page 4 ---
4 
to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-
HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW or CDOR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets 
Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) and ASX Benchmarks Limited (as administrator of AUD-BBR-
BBSW) are included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of 
CDOR, STIBOR or HKD-HIBOR are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under the 
Benchmarks Regulation. On 27 December 2021, the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (as 
administrator of STIBOR) submitted an application for authorisation under the Benchmarks Regulation 
to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that i) none of Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) 
Limited (as administrator of CDOR) or Treasury Markets Association (as administrator of HKD-HIBOR), 
is currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence) and ii) in relation to STIBOR, STIBOR remains eligible and may 
continue to be used by supervised entities during the application process with the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (assuming such application is not refused). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules. As the Issuer is not subject to the MiFID Product Governance Rules 
it will never be seen as a manufacturer or distributor, and will therefore not undertake any target market 
assessment pursuant to the MiFID Product Governance rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes, or in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement, may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. As the Issuer is not subject to 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules it will never be seen as a manufacturer or distributor, and will 
therefore not undertake any target market assessment pursuant to the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 
REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (the SFA) – 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital

--- Page 5 ---
5 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes 
a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Table of Contents 
Clause 
Page 
General Description of the Programme . 7 
Risk Factors ......................................... 12 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 27 
Form of the Notes ................................ 29 
Applicable Final Terms ........................ 31 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........... 47 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes ................................ 63 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes ................................................ 87 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Swedish Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds ............. 110 
Use of Proceeds ................................. 115 
Description of the Issuer .................... 116 
Book entry clearing in respect of VPS 
Notes .............................................. 124 
Taxation ............................................. 125 
Subscription and Sale ........................ 128 
General Information ........................... 133 
 
 
 ______________________________________  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may 
cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
General Description of the Programme 
The following section does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, in which event, in the case 
of Notes other than Exempt Notes and if required, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a 
new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other 
than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes” shall have the same meanings in this 
section. 
Issuer: 
Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
5493001P7BX1N0JAG961 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. As set out 
under “Risk Factors” above, these risks include credit risks resulting 
from the Issuer’s lending activities; currency risks (which arise as the 
Issuer currently lends in Swedish Kronor but may fund itself in 
foreign currencies); risks relating to the Issuer’s dependence on the 
ability to refinance borrowings on their maturity; the risk of incurring 
losses due to deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control 
routines, human errors or external events that affect operations; 
risks relating to regulatory supervision of the Issuer’s business; and 
risks relating to competition within the Swedish banking sector. 
 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme. These are set out under “Risk Factors” and 
include certain risks relating to the structure of particular Series of 
Notes; and certain market risks. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
Arranger: 
UBS Europe SE 
Dealers: 
UBS Europe SE and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained 
in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class

--- Page 8 ---
8 
of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months 
and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to 
the approval provisions stated therein. 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
DNB Bank ASA (formerly DnB NOR Bank ASA) 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS (formerly Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) 
Programme Size: 
Up to €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Extendable Obligations: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) may indicate that Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity applies. 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies and the Issuer has 
received approval from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the Swedish FSA) to extend the maturity 
of such Notes as a result of it being deemed likely that the extension 
will prevent the Issuer’s insolvency (a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval), then payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall 
be automatically deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). Such deferral 
will occur automatically if the Swedish FSA has granted a Statutory 
Maturity Extension Approval in respect of the Issuer, as described 
above. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and 
will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (and including) the relevant Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable pricing Supplement). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form (as described in “Form of the 
Notes”) or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form, 
as specified in the Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting 
of VPS Notes to accounts with the VPS. VPS Notes will not be 
exchangeable for bearer notes and vice versa. See “Form of the 
Notes” below. 
 
VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for Notes not in VPS form and 
vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series), or the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes or Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the case of Floating Rate Notes, if a Benchmark Event occurs, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to

--- Page 10 ---
10 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which, an Alternative Rate and, 
in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments, as further described in Condition 4.4 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 3.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the time of 
issue of such Notes). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction is required by law, 
in which case such withholding or deduction will be made by the 
Issuer. In the event that any such withholding or deduction is 
required by law, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes and Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes will not 
require the Issuer to pay any additional amounts in respect of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes will not contain a negative 
pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes will not contain a cross 
default provision or any other events of default. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis and in 
accordance with the Swedish Act on the Issuance of Covered Bonds 
(lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the 
Covered Bond Act). As such, the Notes will have the benefit of a 
priority right to a pool of certain assets upon bankruptcy of the Issuer; 
see also “Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered 
Bonds” on pages 110-115 below. 
Rating: 
Each Tranche of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, the Notes are expected to be assigned a rating of 
Aaa by Moody’s and/or a rating of AAA by S&P. The rating (if any) 
assigned to the Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or

--- Page 11 ---
11 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
Listing, approval and 
admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has been made for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be VPS Notes or not and whether such Notes are to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes other than the VPS Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law, except for Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes, which will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Swedish law. 
 
VPS Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law, save for Condition 2 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Swedish law and Conditions 10, 11 
and 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, which will be 
governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the VPS Act, as amended or 
replaced from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities 
which arise under the VPS Act and any related regulations and 
legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Sweden, Norway and 
Belgium), the United Kingdom, Singapore and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Risk Factors 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including economic and market risks, 
operational and business risks, finance risks and legal and regulatory risks, as well as risks related to 
the structure of a particular issue of Notes, risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme and 
risks related to the market. The Issuer’s assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on 
the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description 
of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates made on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference, and reach their own views prior 
to making any investment decision.  
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factor in a category is 
presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in 
order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than 
one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
1. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Economic and market risks 
Risks relating to the Swedish banking industry and the demand for the Issuer’s products 
Sweden has one of the most consolidated banking sectors in Europe. The Swedish banking market is 
dominated by a few large banks. The risks within the banking sector mainly consist of credit and market 
risks. Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty of the Issuer cannot meet its obligations and the 
risk that pledged assets will not cover the Issuer’s claim on that counterparty. Market risk is defined as 
the risk that changes in interest rates, exchange rates and asset prices will lead to a decline in the value 
of the Issuer’s net assets and liabilities. In the Issuer’s opinion, the banking sector in Sweden is 
characterised by good credit quality compared to several other European countries, which has led to a 
history of low levels of credit losses for Swedish banks. The low credit risk profile reflects the dominance 
of retail business among Swedish banks. High cost efficiency and low risk profile are significant to the 
Swedish bank sector. In recent years, low interest rates, low inflation, higher real estate prices and 
increased disposable income for the households have led to a continued strong growth in demand for 
mortgage loans, especially in the residential mortgage sector. The degree to which a downturn or 
deterioration in macroeconomic conditions in Sweden may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents 
a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s ability to attract and maintain customers in order to generate 
revenue and profit. 
Increased competition and lower margins are potential future challenges for the mortgage institutions. 
The demand for the Issuer’s products is also dependent on the customers’ forecasts for the future, 
market rates and other factors that have an influence on the customers’ financial situation. The degree 
to which increased competition in the financial services industry may affect the Issuer’s margin is 
uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Issuer’s revenue, margins and results of operations. 
Operating in a changing environment means that the Issuer and the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group (as 
defined herein) as a whole takes on risks related to its business model and strategy. Changing market 
conditions through economic downturns, increased competition, changes in business laws/regulations 
or other external factors may negatively affect the Issuer’s and the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group’s 
business model and may in turn lead to loss of current revenue streams or missed future revenue 
opportunities. The ability of the board of directors and CEO of the Issuer to plan, organise, follow up on 
and control the operations and to continuously monitor market conditions is important. Failure to do so 
may result in a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial position and results of 
operations. 
Risks relating to the Swedish residential mortgage market 
The Swedish mortgage market is dominated by a few institutions, consisting of banks and bank-owned 
mortgage companies. Low interest rates, rising housing prices and strong increases in disposable 
household income have led to continued strong growth in demand for loans, especially in the residential 
mortgage market. One of the main risks related to the Swedish residential mortgage market is the credit 
risk associated with borrowers’ creditworthiness, and their ability to make payments under the mortgage 
loan, and with the value of the mortgaged properties. The relatively low risk profile among Swedish

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
13 
mortgage institutions reflects a high degree of lending to single-family homes, moderate loan-to-value 
(also herein referred to as LTV) ratios, high lending standards and a relatively strong repayment 
incentive among borrowers. However, it should be noted that the debt to income ratio of borrowers 
continues to increase. The housing market has been strong for many years, driven by low interest rates, 
strong household finances, low supply of new homes in growth regions and population growth. In 
relation to new homes, there has recently been a substantial increase in newly-built multi-family 
dwellings which could reduce demand in that particular market segment for the foreseeable future, 
which could have a negative impact on the housing market. House prices may be negatively affected 
by, for example, changes in regulations affecting the mortgage market directly or indirectly or by a quick 
rise in interest rates or unemployment levels. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen) (the Swedish FSA) has implemented regulations imposing more stringent 
amortisation requirements on residential mortgages. If the Swedish housing market were to decline, 
and demand for new loans, as a consequence, were to significantly decrease, this would negatively 
affect the demand for the Issuer’s offering of loans in the Swedish residential mortgage market, and 
thereby adversely affecting the Issuer’s business, results of operations, margins and value of mortgage 
collateral. 
Risks relating to disruptions in the global credit markets and economy 
Financial markets are subject to periods of volatility and the economic climate in the region is exposed 
to political risk, which may impact the Issuer’s ability to raise debt in a similar manner, and at a similar 
cost, to the funding raised in the past. Challenging market conditions may result in greater volatility and 
reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads and lack of price transparency in credit markets, which 
may negatively affect the Issuer. These conditions and changes in investment markets, including 
changes in interest rates, exchange rates and returns from equity, property and other investments, may 
affect the financial performance of the Issuer. In addition, the financial performance of the Issuer could 
be adversely affected by a worsening of general economic conditions in the markets in which it 
operates. The current political uncertainty and financial market volatility as a result of the UK’s exit from 
the EU, may also adversely affect the financial performance of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group and 
its ability to raise debt in the international capital markets. With the details of the UK’s exit from the EU 
still unclear, and uncertainty over trade arrangements, market access and legislative and regulatory 
frameworks, it is not currently possible to evaluate the impact the UK’s exit may have on European 
economies and financial markets. 
Furthermore, the global spread of the coronavirus (Covid-19) had a significant negative impact on the 
global economy. The mitigating actions being taken by governments to contain the spread of Covid-19 
has led to a huge decline in economic activity that will continue to affect the Swedish economy as well 
as the development of financial markets. On 10 January 2021, the Swedish Pandemic Act (Sw. Lag 
(2021:4) om särskilda begränsningar för att förhindra spridning av sjukdomen covid-19) entered into 
force. The Pandemic Act gives the Swedish Government authority to inter alia limit public gatherings or 
prohibit gatherings on certain public places. The global economy has since the outbreak of the 
pandemic gradually recovered but as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to rule out 
new variants of the virus that could spread rapidly and have a renewed negative impact on the global 
economy. It is still highly speculative to predict the exact long-term impact the effects of further spread 
of Covid-19 and the applicable measures and restrictions implemented due to such an event may have 
on the Issuer’s operations. However, there is a risk that the Issuer’s operations will be affected by the 
direct or indirect impact of Covid-19 on the Issuer’s customers or counterparts, who, as a result, may 
develop a change in behaviour.  
The ongoing war in Ukraine could have a negative impact on the global economy leading to lower GDP 
growth, higher energy prices, turbulence in financial markets and negative effect on house prices. This 
could have a negative effect on the Issuer through for example reduced costumer demand for the 
Issuer’s products, higher loan loss provisions for expected credit losses due to a more negative 
macroeconomic outlook and more difficult funding markets. As of the date of this Base Prospectus it is 
highly uncertain how large the potential negative effects will be and how long the war will continue.  
 
The possibility of an extended period of political uncertainty and financial market volatility as a result of 
such politically sensitive events or the spread of a contagious virus such as Covid-19 may also 
adversely affect the financial performance of the Issuer and its ability to raise debt in the international 
capital markets.

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
14 
The degree to which disruptions in the global credit markets and economy may affect the Issuer is 
uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the profitability and financial position of the Issuer. 
 
Risks relating to the Kingdom of Sweden 
The government debt issues in Sweden are rated Aaa by Moody’s and AAA by S&P. Relatively healthy  
public finances, a declining government debt and a competitive export sector, together with a well-
educated labour force and a high standard of living compared to some other European and non-
European countries are some of the credit strengths that are significant for Sweden. The impact of 
Covid-19 on the Swedish public finances, the government debt and the export sector is uncertain and 
Covid-19’s impact on the country of Sweden may result in reforms and may impact the general 
economic conditions of Sweden. In relation to credit, the challenging factors are high tax rates and  
rigidities in labour and product markets. Although Sweden has an ageing population, the pension 
system reforms are considered to help insulate these costs from the rest of the government finances. 
The credit ratings of government debt indicate credit risks associated with Sweden and since the Issuer 
conducts all its business activities in Sweden, the general economic conditions and creditworthiness of 
Sweden may affect the Issuer and its financial result. A deterioration of such credit ratings may influence 
investors’ willingness to invest in financial instruments issued by the Issuer, which in turn can have a 
negative impact on the operations and financial position of the Issuer. 
Operational and business risks  
Credit risks and counterparty risks 
Credit risk is the risk of a potential financial loss arising from the failure of a counterparty to fulfil its 
financial obligations as they fall due (and such loss is not covered by any collateral (if any)). The Issuer’s 
credit risk primarily arises from its lending activities, but it also arises from its derivative transactions. 
The Issuer carries out transactions with financial counterparties for risk management purposes, which 
expose the Issuer to counterparty risks. Counterparty risk is the risk of a counterparty being unable to 
fulfil its commitments to the Issuer, which could lead to losses. Failure to control these risks can cause 
increased costs and result in a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position. There are also 
credit risks related to the investments in liquid assets within the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s core (and main) business is residential mortgage lending to Swedish borrowers. The 
business risk principally pertains to credit risks on the Issuer’s customers. The Issuer’s business shows 
relatively low credit risks and the Issuer has historically showed low credit losses. This is largely due to 
the fact that the Issuer lends against security over Swedish residential real property (Sw. fastigheter), 
residential site leasehold rights (Sw. tomträtter) and residential tenant ownership rights (Sw. 
bostadsrätter). The volume of historical credit losses is however not any indication as to the volume of 
any future credit losses. As the principal part of the Issuer’s lending is made against security over real 
property, site leasehold rights and tenant ownership rights, the risks associated with the Issuer’s 
business are linked to the development of the Swedish real estate and housing market. If the Swedish 
real estate and housing market were to decline, this would negatively affect the value of the security 
granted for the Issuer’s lending which in turn presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s loss levels 
and results of operations. 
Operating within the banking sector and offering financial products and services involves taking 
calculated risks. The intention is that the risks linked with these products and services are taken 
consciously and are reflected in, and covered by, the prices offered to the customers.  
For the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s credit loss amounted to SEK -
4.2 million (compared to SEK 0.8 million for the same period in 2020), which corresponds to a credit 
loss level of -0.00 per cent. (compared to 0.00 per cent. for the same period in 2020). 
The degree to which the risks related to failed assessments of the credit risk and creditworthiness of 
loan applicants and customers may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk 
to the Issuer’s loss levels and results of operations. 
IT failure and cyber risks 
Identification, management and control of operational risks is a clear and integrated part of the Issuer’s 
business, however, deficiencies or errors in internal processes and control routines, human errors, 
incorrect systems or external events that affect operations may occur. This could result in a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial position, business, products and services it offers or its assets.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
15 
The most significant operational risks for the Issuer are information technology (also herein referred to 
as IT) risks. 
 
The Länsförsäkringar Bank Group depends on the success of its business continuity planning, the 
uninterrupted and efficient operation of its information and communications systems, including its 
information technology (to manage critical business processes as well as administrative functions), 
Länsförsäkringar Bank Group’s monitoring and protective measures and the successful development 
and implementation of new systems. However, as is the case for information technology systems 
generally, losses could result from inadequate or failed internal control processes and protection 
systems, human error, fraud or external events that interrupt normal business operations. This could 
result in a loss of data and a failure to provide quality service to customers, which in turn can cause 
direct financial loss and may compromise the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group’s strategic initiatives. 
Technology failure or underperformance could also increase the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group’s 
litigation and regulatory exposure or require it to incur higher administrative costs (including remediation 
costs). Further, an irrecoverable loss of any customer database would be expensive and time-
consuming to endeavour to retrieve or recreate.  
 
Länsförsäkringar AB (as defined in “Description of the Issuer” below) is providing the Länsförsäkringar 
Bank Group (including the Issuer) with certain services related to intragroup IT and administration 
systems. Consequently, and in addition to the risk related to information technology set out above, the 
Issuer is dependent on Länsförsäkringar AB in relation to (i) its general IT and data security 
infrastructure, (ii) its strategies for intellectual property rights and data security and (iii) its relations with 
certain suppliers. If Länsförsäkringar AB were to fail in any of the above, or if the Issuer or its own 
systems were to fail, it would have a major impact on the Issuer’s ability to conduct its business and 
further have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial result. 
 
Information technology is developing rapidly and characterised by short product life cycles. There is a 
risk that the Issuer fails to foresee, manage or implement technical changes at all or fast enough, that 
there are too many development-related disturbances in daily operations and that the lifecycle 
management of other support systems are lagging behind, which may lead to additional costs. 
Accordingly, these accentuate the IT-related risks and thus further increase the negative outcomes. 
The degree to which IT failures may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk 
to the Issuer’s operations. 
Compliance risks 
The banking and financing sector is heavily regulated and, as a group conducting banking and financing 
operations, the Bank Group is subject to regulations and regulatory supervision pursuant to numerous 
directives, laws, regulations and policies issued by, inter alia, the EU and Sweden. Legal or regulatory 
developments and/or changes in supervisory policies or evaluation methods could materially affect the 
Issuer’s business, the products and services it offers or the value of its assets. 
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires, among other things, guidelines and 
policies for the accurate registration and control of a large number of transactions and events. However, 
there is a risk that such guidelines and policies are not always adequate and compliant with applicable 
regulations. Non-compliance with, as well as deficiencies in, guidelines and policies for risk 
management that leads to negative publicity or criticism and fines from the Swedish FSA or other 
regulators within the financial sector would thus have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
reputation. Furthermore, any non-compliance that would lead to fines from the Swedish FSA or other 
regulators require the Issuer to pay amounts (which may be significant) and take measures to ensure 
compliance. The degree to which alterations in the regulatory landscape in which the Issuer operates 
may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s compliance costs. 
As a lender to individuals, the Issuer process large quantities of personal data relating to its customers. 
Such processing of personal data is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny following the 
implementation of the general data protection regulation 2016/679/EU (GDPR) that became applicable 
as of 25 May 2018. Efforts to continuously ensure compliance with the GDPR is time-consuming and 
costly. Any non-compliance with applicable data protection legislation risks leading to substantial 
administrative fines and other actions which would have a material effect on the ability of the Issuer to 
conduct its business, such as a temporary or permanent ban on data processing. Any administrative or 
monetary sanctions (including administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million or 4.0 per cent.

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
16 
of the total annual turnover) would adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. The degree to which non-compliance with applicable requirements may affect the Issuer 
is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s operations and reputation. 
Finance risks 
Liquidity and financing risks 
Liquidity risk is the risk of the Issuer, due to insufficient cash and cash equivalents, being unable to fulfil 
its commitments or only being able to fulfil its commitments by borrowing cash and cash equivalents at 
a significantly higher cost, as the Issuer’s lending to a large extent is made on longer terms than the 
Issuer’s funding. Therefore, the Issuer is dependent on the ability to refinance borrowings upon their 
maturity. Liquidity risk also refers to the risk of financial instruments that cannot immediately be 
converted to cash and cash equivalents without decreasing in value. Furthermore, if the Issuer’s inability 
to meet its payment obligations when they fall due is not temporary, it could mean that the Issuer might 
be considered insolvent.  
 
Financing risk is the risk that the Issuer, in the event of financing maturity, does not successfully 
refinance the maturity or only succeeds in borrowing at substantially increased costs. The Issuer’s 
lending is to a large extent made on longer terms than the Issuer’s funding. Therefore, the Issuer is 
dependent on the ability to refinance borrowings upon their maturity. 
 
Since the Issuer is not a listed company, it does not have direct access to the equity capital markets, 
and as a consequence, the Issuer is partly dependent upon its owner, the Parent Company (as defined 
in “Description of the Issuer” below), as a source for capital. The Parent Company is in turn partly 
dependent upon its owner, Länsförsäkringar AB. If the Parent Company does not provide the Issuer 
with capital to the extent the Issuer needs it, this can have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business. 
As Länsförsäkringar AB is also not a listed company, it is in turn dependent on its owners, the 23 
independent, local and customer-owned regional insurance companies in Sweden, as a source for 
capital. 
 
The degree to which the liquidity and financing risks may affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a 
highly significant risk to the Issuer’s capacity to fulfil its payment obligations. 
Market risks 
Market risk is the risk of loss or reduced future income due to market fluctuations. The Issuer’s main 
market risks include currency risk and interest rate risk. The Issuer currently lends in Swedish Kronor 
but may fund itself in foreign currencies. The currency risk arising in connection with the funding involves 
a risk of financial loss as a result of changes in exchange rates and which may have a negative impact 
on the financial results of the Issuer. In order to manage the currency risk, the Issuer uses derivative 
instruments and is therefore dependent on a liquid and well-functioning derivatives market. There are 
also interest-rate risks in the Issuer’s business, which arise when there is an imbalance in the interest 
rate structure between its assets and liabilities and corresponding off-balance-sheet items. The Issuer 
limits its exposure to interest-rate fluctuations by the use of derivative instruments and by matching the 
interest rate and the maturity structure for its assets and liabilities. If the derivatives market becomes 
illiquid, it could potentially make it impossible to dispose of the currency risk via derivative agreements 
or it would only be possible at a significantly higher cost and could therefore have a negative impact on 
the Issuer’s currency risk. 
Legal and Regulatory risks 
Increased capital requirements and standards 
The Issuer is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a 
comprehensive and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among 
financial institutions. Regulations which have impacted the Issuer and are expected to continue to 
impact the Issuer include, among others, the Basel III framework, the EU Capital Requirements 
Directive 2013/36/EU (the CRD IV), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (CRD V) and the EU 
Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR 
II) (together the CRR) and, as a response to the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, by Regulation (EU) 
2020/873. CRR and the CRD IV are supported by a set of binding technical standards developed by 
the European Banking Authority. The regulatory framework will continue to evolve and any resulting 
changes could have a material impact on the Issuer’s business.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
17 
 
The capital adequacy framework includes, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components 
in the capital base with the highest quality: common equity tier 1 (CET1), additional tier 1 capital and 
tier 2 capital. CRR II also introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement 
independent from the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) 
for all institutions subject to the CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides 
for further capital buffer requirements that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers 
may be applicable to the Issuer as determined by the Swedish FSA.  
The countercyclical buffer rate is a capital requirement which varies over time and is to be used to 
support credit supply in adverse market conditions. On 29 September 2021, the countercyclical capital 
buffer for Sweden was increased from 0 per cent. to 1.0 per cent. The new buffer rate will apply from 
29 September 2022. A breach of the combined buffer requirements is likely to result in restrictions on 
certain discretionary capital distributions by the Issuer, for example, dividends on CET1 and coupon 
payments on tier 1 capital instruments. 
For the period 31 December 2018 to 30 December 2023, the Swedish FSA has changed the method 
for applying the risk-weight floor for Swedish mortgages. The change has increased the Issuer Pillar 1 
Risk Exposure Amount (REA) significantly, but is not viewed to have any material effect on the total 
(Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) capital requirement in nominal terms. However, given the increase in REA, the 
actual capital ratios of the Issuer (expressed as a percentage of REA) have decreased. Consequently, 
the Issuer headroom to pay dividends on CET1 capital and make discretionary distributions has reduced 
compared to previous periods. 
On 20 November 2020, the Swedish FSA approved the regulatory amendments and changes in the 
application of capital requirements for Swedish banks in order to adapt to the EU banking package.  
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published its proposal on the completion of the Basel 
3 framework. The proposal is named Banking Package 2021 and includes a review of the Capital 
Requirements Regulation and the Capital Requirements Directive. The proposal includes, among other 
things, revisions of the standardised approaches and internal models used for calculating capital 
requirement for credit risk. A capital floor of 72.5 per cent. was introduced for banks using internal 
models where the risk weighed assets cannot fall below 72.5 per cent. of the amount calculated 
according to the revised standardised approach. The majority of the EU commission proposed changes 
will be gradually introduced from 2025 to 2030. The proposal contains some temporary exemptions that 
would apply until the end of 2032. In the next step the proposal will be negotiated in the European 
Council and the European Parliament. The full impact of the proposal is still difficult to assess.  
The conditions of the Issuer’s business as well as external conditions are constantly changing and the 
full set of capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve.  
Serious or systematic deviations by the Issuer from the above regulations would most likely lead to the 
Swedish FSA determining that the Issuer’s business does not satisfy the statutory soundness 
requirement for credit institutions and thus result in the Swedish FSA imposing sanctions on the Issuer. 
Further, any increase in the capital and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on the 
Issuer’s liquidity (should its revenue streams not cover continuous payment to be made under its issued 
capital), funding (should it not be able to raise funding on attractive terms, or at all), financial condition 
(should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) and results of operations (should its costs increase). 
The degree to which regulatory capital and liquidity requirements risks may affect the Issuer is uncertain 
and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s funding and liquidity position. 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer is subject to EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (known as the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
(BRRD)), which was amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II) on 27 June 2019 where most of 
the new rules in BRRD II started to apply mid-2021. The BRRD legislative package establishes a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and, inter alia, requires EU credit 
institutions to produce and maintain recovery plans setting out the arrangements that may be taken to 
restore the long-term viability of the institution in the event of a material deterioration of its financial 
position.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
18 
The BRRD contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution 
authority (in Sweden, the Swedish National Debt Office (Sw. Riksgäldskontoret)) upon certain 
conditions for resolution being fulfilled. These tools and powers may be used alone or in combination, 
and include, inter alia, a general power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or 
interest on, certain other eligible liabilities, whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of an institution in 
resolution and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims including senior notes and subordinated 
notes into another security, including CET1 instruments of the surviving entity, which equity could also 
be subject to any further application of the general bail-in tool. This means that most of such failing 
institution’s debt could be subject to bail-in, except for certain classes of debt, such as deposits and 
secured liabilities i.e. the Notes. 
As the Notes are covered bonds and constitute “secured liabilities” for the purposes of the BRRD, they 
are exempted from the scope of bail-in. Relevant claims for the purposes of the general bail-in tool 
would therefore not generally include the claims of holders of Notes issued under the Programme. 
Member States are required under the BRRD to ensure that all assets comprising the Cover Pool remain 
unaffected, segregated and with enough funding in the event that resolution authorities exercise the 
general bail-in tool in respect of other liabilities of a failing institution. Notwithstanding this, resolution 
authorities may, where appropriate, exercise the general bail-in tool in respect of any secured liability 
(such as a claim under the Notes) to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of such secured 
liability exceed the value of the assets (the Cover Pool in the case of the Notes) against which it is 
secured. 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for relevant authorities to have the power, 
before any other resolution action is taken, to permanently write-down or convert into equity relevant 
capital instruments at the point of non-viability. Ultimately, the authority may take control of a failing 
institution and, for example, transfer the institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity 
pending a private sector arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any prior shareholder 
consent. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how institutions are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of eligible liabilities may be subject to write-down or 
conversion into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of subordinated 
liabilities, non-viability loss absorption. The general bail-in tool can be used to recapitalise an institution 
that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities to restructure it through the resolution process and 
restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The write-down and conversion power can be 
used either together with, or also, independently of, a resolution action. Other powers provided to 
resolution authorities under the BRRD in respect of debt instruments include replacing or substituting 
the institution as obligor in respect of such debt instruments; modifying the terms of debt instruments 
(including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary 
suspension on payments), and/or discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of debt instruments. 
It is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the Swedish National Debt Office 
provided in the BRRD (as implemented into Swedish law) will affect the Issuer, the Länsförsäkringar 
Bank Group or the Noteholders. However, the powers and tools given to the Swedish National Debt 
Office are numerous and the exercise of any of those powers or any suggestion of such exercise could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer, the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group and/or the Noteholders. 
The degree to which amendments to BRRD or application of BRRD may affect the Issuer is uncertain 
and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s funding and compliance costs. 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities under the BRRD 
In order to, among other things, ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, all in-
scope institutions must have sufficient own funds and eligible liabilities available to absorb losses and 
contribute to recapitalisation if the bail-in tool were to be applied. Each institution must meet an 
individual minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL), calculated as a 
percentage of a risk-weighted and a non-risk-weighted requirement and set by the relevant resolution 
authorities (being the Swedish National Debt Office for Sweden) on a case by case basis. 
The MREL requirement has been required to be met as from 1 January 2018. On 13 October 2021, the 
Swedish National Debt Office decided on a new MREL policy on how to implement MREL due to the 
amended rules in BRRD II. The new MREL requirements will be phased in from 1 January 2022, with

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
19 
completion on 1 January 2024. MREL will be met with own funds, subordinated eligible liabilities and 
eligible liabilities.  
Further, given that the MREL requirements must be met by all EU credit institutions (not just those 
identified as being of a particular size or of systemic importance), there is a risk that there is not sufficient 
investor appetite in the debt markets for the aggregate volume of eligible liabilities which must be issued 
up until 1 January 2024, which would have a negative effect on the price and value of notes issued by 
the Issuer or the Parent Company. The degree to which the price and value of such instruments may 
vary is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s revenue. 
Anti-money laundering 
The Issuer’s business is subject to a regulatory framework which requires the Issuer to take measures 
to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing within its operations. Criminal activity within the 
banking industry, in which the Issuer operates, has been increasingly uncovered in recent years. This 
area, not least the issue of money laundering, has received particularly intense media scrutiny in the 
last three years. There is a risk that the Issuer’s procedures, internal control functions and guidelines 
to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing are not sufficient or adequate to ensure that the 
Issuer complies with the regulatory framework. This may result from, for example, insufficient 
procedures, internal control functions or guidelines, or errors by employees, suppliers or counterparties.  
Failure to comply with the applicable rules and regulations could result in legal implications. If the Issuer 
were to become subject to remarks or warnings and/or administrative fines imposed by the Swedish 
FSA, this presents a highly significant risk and potentially irreparable damage to the reputation of the 
Issuer and, as a result, the Issuer’s business, financial position and results of operations could be 
materially adversely affected. 
Changes in tax legislation 
The Issuer’s business and transactions are conducted in accordance with the Issuer’s interpretation of 
applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law and requirements of the tax authorities. However, 
there can be no assurance that the Issuer’s interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, 
case law or other rules or administrative practice is correct, or that such rules or practice will not change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. It is currently not possible to predict if or when new proposals for 
changes to tax legislation will be presented or what they will look like.  
It should be noted that new legislation introducing a new bank levy, also known as risk tax, has entered 
into force on 1 January 2022. Under the new legislation, Swedish credit institutions and Swedish 
branches of foreign credit institutions with liabilities in excess of SEK 150 billion, pursuant to the 2022 
threshold, will be subject to the new risk tax (which currently includes the Issuer). In general, the tax is 
based on each credit institution’s opening balance of liabilities and subject to tax rates of 5 basis points 
for fiscal year beginning in 2022 and 6 basis points for fiscal year beginning in 2023 (and the tax will be 
deductible for income tax purposes). Since the Issuer is subject to the new bank levy, the Issuer’s tax 
expenses will increase, which may have a negative impact on its financial position. 
Risks relating to changes in accounting standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the IASB), the EU and other 
regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation 
of the Issuer’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact 
how the Issuer records and reports its results of operations and financial condition.  
In July 2014, the IASB issued a new accounting standard, International Financial Reporting Standard 9 
(Financial Instruments) (IFRS 9), which replaces IAS 39 and IAS 32 and became effective from 1 
January 2018. IFRS 9 provides principles for classification of financial instruments and provisioning for 
expected credit losses which are mandatory, and therefore fully implemented by the Issuer, as of 1 
January 2018. Furthermore, IFRS 9 provides a new general hedge accounting model that is not yet 
mandatory which is why it is currently not possible to determine the extent of the impact that the 
implementation of the hedge accounting model will have on CET 1 capital as the new rules for the 
transition and its impact on capital ratios, are not yet final. As a consequence of the new general hedge 
accounting model under IFRS 9, and the uncertainty regarding its implementation, the Issuer may need 
to obtain additional capital in the future, and may not be able to obtain new equity capital or debt 
financing qualifying as regulatory capital on attractive terms, or at all.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
20 
The degree to which changes in accounting standards may affect the Issuer and the Länsförsäkringar 
Bank Group as a whole is uncertain and presents a highly significant risk to the Issuer’s costs for 
regulatory capital and consequently to the Issuer’s financial position. 
Harmonisation of the EU covered bond framework 
The EU’s covered bond directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2162) and regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2019/2160) came into effect on 7 January 2020 (although there will be a maximum 30 month 
transposition period after the effective date and the new directive and the new regulation will become 
applicable during July 2022). The new covered bond directive replaces current Article 52(4) of the 
Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities Directive 2009/65/EC (the UCITS 
Directive) and establishes a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory 
purposes (subject to various options that member states may choose to exercise when implementing 
the new directive through national laws). The new regulation amends Article 129 of the CRR (and 
certain related provisions) and further strengthens the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from 
preferential capital treatment under the CRR regime. On 20 December 2021, a government bill of the 
Swedish Government (Sw. prop. 2021/22:76 (Ändrande regler om säkerställda obligationer)) was 
published containing, inter alia, proposals of the legislative amendments needed to implement EU’s 
covered bond directive. However, it should be noted that the covered bond proposal has not yet been 
accepted by the Swedish Parliament. Hence, the final amendments to the Covered Bond Act, 
implementing the EU’s covered bond directive may differ from the covered bond proposal. Therefore, 
there can be no assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the new regime on the Notes. 
However, any failure by the Issuer to comply with the Swedish legislation governing covered bonds may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer. The legislative amendments suggested in the covered 
bond proposal are proposed to enter into force on 8 July 2022. 
 
In addition, the new covered bond directive provides for permanent grandfathering with respect to 
certain requirements of the new regime for Article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds 
issued by an issuer with its registered office in an EU member state before the relevant application date, 
provided there is continued supervision by the relevant designated competent authority in the EU 
(similar grandfathering provisions are also set out in the new regulation). 
2.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from 
a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates on those 
Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
21 
Risks relating to all Notes issued under the Programme 
The Cover Pool and Covered Notes 
The Notes and any other covered notes issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Covered Bond Act 
(together the Covered Notes) have the benefit of a priority to a pool of certain assets (the Cover Pool) 
in the event of bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of the Issuer. The assets in the Cover Pool are owned by the 
Issuer but, in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, will not be available to the Issuer’s other creditors 
until the holders of Covered Notes and related derivative counterparties have been repaid in full (except 
in limited circumstances if the administrator-in-bankruptcy would grant an advance dividend to 
unsecured creditors). To the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Notes are not met out of the 
assets in the Cover Pool, the residual claims will rank pari passu with the other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. See also “Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding 
Covered Bonds” below. 
Lacking compliance with matching requirements 
Under the Covered Bond Act, the Issuer must comply with certain matching requirements, which inter 
alia require that the nominal value and the present value of the assets registered to the Cover Pool 
respectively exceed by at least 2 per cent. the nominal value and the present value of liabilities which 
relate to the Covered Bonds issued from time to time, with respect to the Cover Pool and the Covered 
Notes. In order to comply with these requirements and for risk management purposes, the Issuer may 
enter into derivative contracts. To do so, the Issuer is dependent on the availability of derivative 
counterparties with sufficient credit rating and also on such counterparties fulfilling their contractual 
obligations.   
 
A breach of the matching requirements prior to the Issuer’s bankruptcy in the circumstances where no 
additional assets are available to the Issuer, or the Issuer lacks the ability to acquire additional assets, 
could result in the Issuer being unable to issue further Covered Bonds. If, in the event of the Issuer’s 
bankruptcy, the administrator-in-bankruptcy deems that the Cover Pool does not comply with the 
matching requirements (for example due to a devaluation of the underlying properties and where no 
additional assets are available to compensate for such devaluation) and the deviations are not just 
minor and temporary, the Cover Pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the holders of Covered 
Notes would instead benefit from the proceeds of the sale of assets in the Cover Pool in accordance 
with the Swedish rules pertaining to dividends in bankruptcy. This could result in the holders of Covered 
Notes receiving payments according to a schedule that is different than that contemplated by the 
contractual terms of the Covered Notes (with acceleration as well as delays) or that the holders of 
Covered Notes are not paid in full. However, the holders of Covered Notes would retain the benefit of 
a priority to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool. See also “Overview of the Swedish Legislation 
Regarding Covered Bonds” below. 
Liquidity after the Issuer’s bankruptcy 
Upon a credit institution’s bankruptcy, neither the credit institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have 
the ability to issue further covered bonds. Whilst there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of 
the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy liquidity in other ways, the Covered Bond Act gives the 
administrators-in-bankruptcy an explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other 
transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to attaining matching of cash flows, 
currencies, interest rates and interest periods between assets in the Cover Pool, covered bonds and 
derivative contracts. The administrators-in-bankruptcy may also raise liquidity by selling assets in the 
Cover Pool in the market for example. If the bankruptcy estate is not able to raise sufficient liquidity, 
this could result in Noteholders not being paid in timely manner. 
No due diligence in relation to the Cover Pool 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, nor will they undertake, any investigations, 
searches or other actions in respect of the loans and other assets contained or to be contained in the 
Cover Pool, but will instead rely on the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bond Act. 
Limited description of the assets in the Cover Pool 
Noteholders will not receive detailed statistics or any other information in relation to the mortgage loans 
and other assets included from time to time in the Cover Pool, and it is expected that the constitution of 
the Cover Pool may change from time to time. However, the Swedish FSA has appointed an 
independent supervisor (Sw. oberoende granskare) to monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the 
matching requirements, eligibility criteria and certain other material provisions of the Covered Bond Act.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
22 
Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer has, in Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, covenanted to procure that the nominal 
value of the Cover Pool shall at all times exceed the aggregate nominal value of claims which may be 
asserted against the Issuer on account of covered bonds by 10 per cent. or such other Alternative 
Overcollateralisation Percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time in accordance with 
Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 2.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be. 
The ratings of the Notes are based on an assumption of a certain level of overcollateralisation, and the 
relevant rating agencies may change the level of overcollateralisation that is required for maintaining 
the rating of the Notes from time to time. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do not require the Issuer to maintain the 
overcollateralisation of the Notes at the original level or the level required by the relevant rating agencies 
(subject to compliance with Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes or Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as the case may be) or to 
increase the overcollateralisation of the Notes in the event that the rating agencies require an increase 
to maintain the rating, and the Issuer cannot guarantee that a certain rating of the Notes will be 
maintained throughout the term of the Notes. Such change in the rating of the Notes may adversely 
affect the market value of the Notes.  
Conflicting interests of other creditors 
In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the Covered Bond Act does not give clear guidance on certain 
issues. This may lead to a conflict between the Noteholders, holders of any other Covered Notes and 
counterparties to derivative agreements, on the one hand, and other creditors of the Issuer on the other 
hand. Examples of such issues include (a) how proceeds from a loan partly registered in the Cover Pool 
should be distributed between the portion of such loan registered in the Cover Pool and the portion of 
such loan not registered in the Cover Pool, and (b) how the proceeds of enforcement of certain collateral 
should be distributed if such collateral secures two different loans ranking pari passu in respect of the 
collateral where one such loan is not wholly or partly registered in the Cover Pool. The lack of clear 
guidance on these and similar issues may lead to unsecured creditors arguing that part of the proceeds 
from a loan and/or collateral should not be included in the Cover Pool or to any creditors with loans that 
rank pari passu in a collateral which also secures a loan registered in the Cover Pool arguing that part 
of the proceeds from such collateral should not be included in the Cover Pool. If any such claim were 
upheld, it could diminish the value of assets in the Cover Pool, which could have an adverse effect of 
the recovery of Noteholders in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy. 
Levy of execution on the assets in the Cover Pool 
Although the Covered Bond Act and the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. Förmånsrättslagen 
(1970:979)) (the Rights of Priority Act) prescribes that a right of priority applies upon both bankruptcy 
and levy of execution, it has been argued that, as the Swedish Enforcement Code (Utsökningsbalken 
(1981:774)) does not protect the right of priority of a holder of Covered Notes in competition with another 
creditor seeking execution over assets in the Cover Pool, such a creditor may, through levy of execution, 
defeat the right of priority accorded to holders of Covered Notes under the Rights of Priority Act. 
However, this is generally perceived as an oversight by the legislator and, in light of the wording and 
purpose of the Covered Bond Act and the Rights of Priority Act, it is highly unlikely that a Swedish court 
would permit execution over Cover Pool assets. In any event, execution levied during a period of three 
months prior to the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings against an issuer of covered notes is 
likely to be reversed upon the granting of an application for such bankruptcy proceedings. 
No gross-up 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on account 
of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes 
is required by law, in which case such deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes do not require the Issuer 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
23 
No events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes do not include any events of default relating to the Issuer, the occurrence of which would 
entitle Noteholders to accelerate the Notes, and it is envisaged that Noteholders will only be paid the 
scheduled interest payments under the Notes as and when they fall due under the terms and conditions 
of the Notes. 
 
Extendable obligations under the Notes aimed at preventing the Issuer’s insolvency 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for any Series of Notes, and the Issuer 
has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval from the Swedish FSA, then payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Notes shall be automatically deferred until the 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date.  
 
Prior to the Swedish FSA’s decision on a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, the Swedish National 
Debt Office and the Riksbank (Sweden’s central bank) shall be given the opportunity to comment. In 
the event that the prerequisites for a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval are met, a subsequent 
declaration on the Issuer’s bankruptcy or resolution would not affect the Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity. 
 
The Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date for the relevant Series of Notes will, if applicable, be the 
date specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount on the basis set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and will be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the relevant Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment of the 
relevant Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in 
payment by the Issuer provided it has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval. However, 
failure by the Issuer to pay (i) the relevant Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date and/or (ii) any interest accrued on the relevant Notes on each applicable Interest 
Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (and including) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date shall constitute a default in payment by the Issuer. 
 
In addition, following deferral of the Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates and Interest Periods may 
change as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Modification 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who 
did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution 
or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to 
the majority. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes are based on English law, save for 
Condition 2 of such Conditions, which is governed by Swedish law. 
The Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes are based on English law, save for Condition 2 of such 
Conditions, which is governed by Swedish law and Conditions 10, 11 and 12 of such Conditions, which 
are governed by Norwegian law. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English, 
Norwegian or Swedish law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any 
such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
24 
Enforceability of judgments 
 A final judgment obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer in connection with a civil and 
commercial dispute relating to the Notes would, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in 
Sweden. However, if the party in whose favour the final judgment has been rendered brings a new 
action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgment rendered in the courts of England may be 
submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to 
which such judgment relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination 
that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. 
Risks relating to the market  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
“benchmarks” 
EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW, CDOR and other rates and indices which are 
deemed to be “benchmarks”, are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a “benchmark”.   
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) 
of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
25 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
The reform of EURIBOR to adopt a hybrid methodology and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro 
risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term 
rate); or the elimination of any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require an adjustment to the conditions of the Notes or result in other consequences 
in respect of any Notes referencing such benchmarks. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance 
of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a “benchmark”. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as described 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes) occurs in respect of a published benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such 
as EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW, CDOR or other relevant reference 
rates (which could include, without limitation, a mid-swap rate) and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. No consent of the 
Noteholders, Couponholders or VPS Noteholders, as applicable, shall be required in connection with 
effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments. Any such adjustment or amendment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of 
each Noteholder, Couponholder or VPS Noteholder, as applicable, any such adjustment will be 
favourable to each Noteholder, Couponholder or VPS Noteholder, as applicable. There is also a risk 
that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate 
of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, 
the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable, or any of the international or national reforms, and the possible application of the 
benchmarks replacement provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
26 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings 
issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) 
endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency 
that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021 (including the information set out at the following 
pages of the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report in particular) available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://mb.cision.com/Main/152/3529633/1551791.pdf): 
Income 
Statement 
 ............................................................................  
Page 23 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income
 ............................................................................  
Page 23 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Balance 
Sheet
 ............................................................................  
Page 24 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Cash-Flow 
Statement, 
Indirect 
Method
 ............................................................................  
Page 25 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
Shareholders’ 
Equity
 ............................................................................  
Page 26 of the 2021 Annual Report 
Notes 
to 
the 
Financial 
Statements
 ............................................................................  
Pages 27 to 59 of the 2021 Annual 
Report 
Auditor’s 
Report
 ............................................................................  
Pages 61 to 63 of the 2021 Annual 
Report  
Definitions
 ............................................................................  
Page 65 of the 2021 Annual Report  
(b) 
the auditors report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (including the information set out at the following 
pages of the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report in particular) available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://mb.cision.com/Main/152/3314323/1392789.pdf): 
Income 
Statement 
 ............................................................................  
Page 24 of the 2020 Annual Report 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income
 ............................................................................  
Page 24 of the 2020 Annual Report 
Balance 
Sheet
 ............................................................................  
Page 25 of the 2020 Annual Report 
Cash-Flow 
Statement, 
Indirect 
Method
 ............................................................................  
Page 26 of the 2020 Annual Report 
Statement 
of 
changes 
in 
Shareholders’ 
Equity
 ............................................................................  
Page 27 of the 2020 Annual Report 
Notes 
to 
the 
Financial 
Statements
 ............................................................................  
Pages 28 to 55 of the 2020 Annual 
Report 
Auditor’s 
Report
 ............................................................................  
Pages 57 to 59 of the 2020 Annual 
Report  
Definitions
 ............................................................................  
Page 61 of the 2020 Annual Report

--- Page 28 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
28 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes contained in previous Base Prospectuses dated 30 March 2021 (pages 58 to 
102 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/4966d2/globalassets/aa-
global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-hypotek/prospekt/uko2-2002286425-v1-lf-hypotek-2021-
update---base-prospectus-final-1.pdf), 4 June 2018 (pages 51 to 87 (inclusive), available at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-
hypotek/prospekt/emtn-base-prospectus-4-june-2019.pdf), 21 June 2017 (pages 50 to 86 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-
global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-hypotek/prospekt/emtn-base-prospectus-21-june-
2017.pdf), 
28 
June 
2016 
(pages 
48 
to 
82 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-
hypotek/prospekt/emtn-base-prospectus-28-june-2016.pdf), 12 June 2015 (pages 43 to 75 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-
global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-hypotek/prospekt/emtn-base-prospectus-12-june-
2015.pdf), 
2 
June 
2014 
(pages 
39 
to 
71 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-
hypotek/prospekt/emtn-base-prospectus-2-june-2014.pdf) and 31 May 2012 (pages 36 to 70 
(inclusive), 
available 
at 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/globalassets/aa-
global/dokument/ovrigt/aa-om-oss/lf-hypotek/prospekt/emtn-base-prospectus-31-may-
2012.pdf) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer only produces non-consolidated financial statements. 
Any non-incorporated parts of the previous Base Prospectuses listed in paragraph (d) above (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, means any pages not listed in paragraph (d) above) are either deemed not 
relevant for an investor or are otherwise contained elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so 
modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Form of the Notes 
Any reference in this section to “Applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“Applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes other than VPS Notes will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the 
form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a permanent global note (a Permanent Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event 
means that the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent 
Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent.

--- Page 30 ---
Form of the Notes 
30 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and on all interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be): 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than 
VPS Notes”), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series 
until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has 
become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment 
in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then 
from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 14 June 2019 and executed by the Issuer. 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal 
title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. On the issue of such 
VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies sent to the Agent and the VPS 
Agent (the VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form 
of a Final Terms supplement attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the 
relevant Final Terms to the VPS and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account 
details by the relevant Dealer, the account operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each 
subscribing account holder with the VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal 
amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two 
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS 
Notes will only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Applicable Final Terms 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE 
/ 
PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]1 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARITES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 32 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
32 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME 
(the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]5 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme other than Exempt Notes issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
LÄNSFöRSÄKRINGAR HYPOTEK AB (PUBL) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493001P7BX1N0JAG961 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base 
Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.) 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [30 March 2021/4 June 2018/21 June 2017/28 June 
2016/12 June 2015/2 June 2014/31 May 2013/31 May 2012]. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
 
                                                     
4 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
5 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 33 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
33 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [  ] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [  ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [  ]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
(Note — where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate — specify date/ 
Floating rate — Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month]] 
8. 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity: 
 
[Applicable. If a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval has been granted, payment of the unpaid 
amount will be automatically deferred until the 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date.]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 34 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
34 
9. 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
Date: 
 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date 
may fall one year after the Maturity Date or any 
other date after the Maturity Date) 
 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date:] 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[  ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/HKD-HIBOR/AUD-
BBR-BBSW/CDOR] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15] [16] [17] below) 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable): 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[  ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/HKD-HIBOR/AUD-
BBR-BBSW/CDOR] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
(see paragraph [18] below)] 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] [  ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
(N.B. In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon 
Notes redemption must be at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount.) 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross reference to paragraphs 15 
and 16 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
13. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Issuer Call] 
(see paragraph 19 below) 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 35 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
35 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
(N.B. Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form.) 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form.) 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]] [Not Applicable 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[  ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Name and address of the 
party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent): 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[  ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/HKD-HIBOR/AUD-
BBR-BBSW/CDOR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, first day

--- Page 36 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
36 
of each Interest Period if HKD-HIBOR, first day of 
each Interest Period if AUD-BBR-BBSW and first 
day of each Interest Period if CDOR) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[  ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (g)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the 
Conditions which will require a Prospectus 
Regulation drawdown prospectus for the issue) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable]  
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 37 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
37 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 38 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
38 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, as 
applicable, for alternatives) 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions6: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
18. 
Extended Maturity Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended Final 
Maturity Date] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Specify date(s)] 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
                                                     
6 Zero Coupon Notes not to be issued with a Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date unless otherwise agreed with the Dealers.

--- Page 39 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
39 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[          ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below /, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(v) 
Name and address of 
the party responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[      ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/HKD-
HIBOR/AUD-BBR-BBSW/CDOR] 
 
Specified Time: 
[  ] 
(10.00 a.m. (Toronto time, in the case of a 
determination of CDOR), 10.00 a.m. (Sydney time, 
in the case of a determination of AUD-BBR-
BBSW), 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the 
case of a determination of STIBOR, or Hong Kong 
time in the case of a determination of HKD-HIBOR) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, first day 
of each Interest Period if HKD-HIBOR, first day of 
each Interest Period if AUD-BBR-BBSW and first 
day of each Interest Period if CDOR) 
 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[  ]

--- Page 40 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
40 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph (vii)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination” are not workable in a notes context. 
Amendments will therefore need to be made to the 
Conditions which will require a Prospectus 
Regulation drawdown prospectus for the issue) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[            ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this 
is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[            ]/[Not Applicable]  
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[            ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the interest period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 41 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
41 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 42 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
42 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If VPS Notes, must be “Not Applicable”) 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[  ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian law of 14 
December 2005] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”) 
22. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
sub-paragraph 16(c) relates)

--- Page 43 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
43 
23. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made] [No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information in relation to the Notes] has been extracted from [specify source]. The 
Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [  ], no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ): 
By:  
 .............................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
44 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [  ].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(ii) 
[Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:] 
[  ] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert legal names of 
relevant CRA(s)].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended). [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant CRA entity] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] / [Insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
established in the United Kingdom and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
— Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
“Use 
of 
Proceeds” 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds 
[  ]

--- Page 45 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
45 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the register maintained by the VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the 
VPS Notes] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[  ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosytem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”) 
(ix) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]]

--- Page 46 ---
Applicable Final Terms 
46 
(x) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(xii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES (ECPs) ONLY] TARGET MARKET – [Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]/[appropriate target market legend to be included.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARITES (ECPs) ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
                                                     
7 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 48 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
48 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]8 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME 
(the SFA) - [Insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, 
pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]9 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
THE CSSF HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
[Date] 
LÄNSFöRSÄKRINGAR HYPOTEK AB (PUBL) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493001P7BX1N0JAG961 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Covered Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either Article 
3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or to 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to either Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.]10 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2022 [as supplemented by the 
supplements] dated [date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base 
Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes other than VPS Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes] (the Conditions) set forth 
in the Base Prospectus. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.) 
(If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[  ] 
                                                     
8 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
9 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer 
prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 49 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
49 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 22 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[  ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[  ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/ Floating rate - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month]] 
9. 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable. If a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval has not been granted, payment of the 
unpaid amount will be automatically deferred 
until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date. 
(See paragraph 19 below).][Not Applicable] 
10. 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/Floating rate – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date 
may fall one year after the Maturity Date or any 
other date after the Maturity Date) 
11. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date:] 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]

--- Page 50 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
50 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory 
Extended Final Maturity Date (if applicable): 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [  ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
13. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption 
Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes into another Interest Basis or Redemption 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
14. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
15. 
Date [Board] approval of Notes obtained: 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date  
(N.B. Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[  ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [  ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon)

--- Page 51 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
51 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
17. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date]/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[  ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(v) 
Name and address of the party 
responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[  ] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[  ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/HKD-HIBOR/AUD-BBR-
BBSW/CDOR/specify other Reference Rate]. 
(Either EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-
BBR-BBSW, CDOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other - including fallback 
provisions in the Agency Agreement)  
 
Specified Time: 
[  ] 
(10.00 a.m. (Toronto time, in the case of a 
determination of CDOR), 10.00 a.m. (Sydney 
time, in the case of a determination of AUD-BBR-
BBSW), 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of 
a determination of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in 
the case of a determination of STIBOR, or Hong 
Kong time in the case of a determination of HKD-
HIBOR) 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if STIBOR, first 
day of each Interest Period if HKD-HIBOR, first 
day of each Interest Period if AUD-BBR-BBSW 
and first day of each Interest Period if CDOR)

--- Page 52 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
52 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[  ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph (vii)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions. Include appropriate 
items to disapply these ISDA provisions and/or to 
include bespoke replacement provisions in the 
Conditions) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ]/[Not Applicable]  
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph. Include appropriate items for 
the relevant RFR, if any) 
 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 53 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
53 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify 
for each short or long interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [  ] per cent. per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[  ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 54 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
54 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
(See Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes other than VPS Notes or Condition 3 
of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, 
as applicable, for alternatives) 
(xiii) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions 
[  ] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions11 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[  ] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[specify other] 
 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated) 
19. 
Extended Maturity Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable from (and including) the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date][Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[Specify date(s)] 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s): 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
                                                     
11 Zero Coupon Notes not to be issued with  a Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date unless otherwise agreed with the Dealers.

--- Page 55 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
55 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form) 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(b) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (ii) 
below /, not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (ii) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(v) 
Name and address of 
the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Agent): 
[          ][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[      ] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/HKD-
HIBOR/AUD-BBR-BBSW/CDOR/specify other 
Reference Rate] 
(Either EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-
BBR-BBSW, CDOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other - including fallback 
provisions in the Agency Agreement) 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR, second Stockholm business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if

--- Page 56 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
56 
STIBOR, first day of each Interest Period if HKD-
HIBOR, first day of each Interest Period if AUD-
BBR-BBSW and first day of each Interest Period 
if CDOR) 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[  ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph (vii)) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
selected 
below, 
note 
that 
“Administrator/Benchmark 
Event”, 
“Generic 
Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be 
made to the Conditions. Include appropriate 
items to disapply these ISDA provisions and/or 
to include bespoke replacement provisions in the 
Conditions) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[            ] 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[            ]/[Not Applicable]  
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
Reset Date: 
[            ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph. Include appropriate items for 
the relevant RFR, if any) 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]

--- Page 57 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
57 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
[[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation  Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
(viii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
(ix) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 58 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
58 
(x) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If VPS Notes, must be “Not Applicable”) 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[  ] 
(iv) 
Notice periods (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[  ] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 business days’ notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[  ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[VPS Notes issued in uncertificated book entry 
form]

--- Page 59 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
59 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian law of 14 December 2005] 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
(If VPS Note, must be “No”) 
23. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to 
which sub paragraph 17(iii) relates) 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
25. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accept[s] responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.[[Relevant 
third party information in relation to the Notes] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ): 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 60 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
60 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be listed on [specify market - note this should 
not be an EEA regulated market or the London 
Stock Exchange’s main market] with effect from 
[  ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency]. 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated in 
the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not 
Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
from the register maintained by the VPS for the 
purposes of performing its obligations under the 
VPS Notes] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[  ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

--- Page 61 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
61 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosytem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 
(If VPS Notes, must be “No”) 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional United States selling 
restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”

--- Page 62 ---
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
62 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than the VPS Notes which will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the 
latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and 
agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, 
such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should 
be made to “Applicable Final Terms” (or, in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes, to “Applicable 
Pricing Supplement”) for a description of the content of Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as 
applicable) which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Notes are issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on the Issuance of Covered Bonds (lagen 
(2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the Covered Bond Act). 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) 
(the Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 30 March 2022 and made between the Issuer, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which 
complete these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) and, in the case of a Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated 
market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final 
Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The 
expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
64 
reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have 
the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to 
accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed 
of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of 
Covenant) dated 14 June 2019 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held 
by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined 
below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided 
by email to a Noteholder requesting a copy, subject to the Paying Agents being supplied by the Issuer 
with electronic copies and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only 
be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such 
Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the Paying 
Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
65 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves. The Notes are obligations issued in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Act and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided the same priority as covered bonds (Sw: säkerställda obligationer) issued in 
accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Act. 
2.2 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall procure that the nominal value of the 
cover pool (Sw: det nominella värdet av säkerhetsmassan, as per section 3:8 of the Covered 
Bond Act (as amended and replaced from time to time)) at all times exceeds the aggregate 
nominal value of claims which may be asserted against the Issuer on account of covered bonds 
(Sw: det sammanlagda nominella värdet av de fordringar som kan göras gällande mot 
emittentinstitutet på grund av säkerställda obligationer, as per section 3:8 of the Covered Bond 
Act (as amended and replaced from time to time)) by 10 per cent., or such other percentage as 
may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the Agent and each relevant 
rating agency (the Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage), provided that the Issuer 
shall not at any time select an Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage unless: 
(A) 
the credit rating (if any) assigned to the Notes at such time by each rating agency which 
has assigned a credit rating to the Notes is Aaa (in the case of Notes rated by Moody’s 
Deutschland GmbH or its successors) and/or AAA (in the case of Notes rated by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited); and 
(B) 
each rating agency (if any) which has assigned a credit rating to the Notes at such time 
has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that, at the time of its confirmation, the selection 
of such Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage would not in and of itself result in 
any credit rating then assigned to the Notes by such rating agency being reduced, 
removed, suspended or placed on creditwatch. 
3. 
THIS CONDITION 3 HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date or, if the 
applicable Final Terms specifies that Statutory Extended Final Maturity applies, the relevant 
Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amounts representing interest 
payable after the Maturity Date shall be paid at such rate and on such dates as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified.

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
66 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The resultant 
figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to the 
Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall 
be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(iii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
67 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in the Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date) or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than 
an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
68 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if  “2006 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
i. 
Compounding with Lookback; 
ii. 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
iii. 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option, the Index Method is Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the 
ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant 
confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
69 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method, 
Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method, Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift and Swap Transaction have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, the Agent will 
have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in determining 
EURIBOR or the fallback rate), and to the extent the ISDA Definitions require 
the Agent to exercise any such discretion, the Issuer will provide written 
direction to the Agent specifying how such discretion should be exercised, and 
the Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on that direction and will be fully 
protected if it acts in accordance therewith. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being 
either EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW or CDOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or each replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time, in the 
case of CDOR), 10.10 a.m. (Sydney time, in the case of AUD-BBR-BBSW), 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR or Hong Kong time in the case of HKD-HIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two (or five, in the case of AUD-BBR-BBSW) or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Agent.

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
70 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than the specified number of the 
Reference Banks provides the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be (1) (if the Reference Rate is either EURIBOR or STIBOR) the rate per 
annum which the Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the rates, as communicated to (at the request of the Issuer) the Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the 
Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), (2) (if the Reference Rate is AUD-BBR-
BBSW) the rate shall then be determined by the Agent having regard to the 
comparable indices then available, (3) (if the Reference Rate is CDOR) the 
arithmetic mean of the bid rates as communicated to (at the request of the 
Issuer) the Agent by Schedule 1 chartered banks in Toronto, for Canadian 
Dollar bankers acceptances for a period of the applicable Interest Period in an 
amount representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. Toronto time; and (4) 
in the case of HKD-HIBOR, the arithmetic mean of the quotations as 
communicated to (at the request of the Issuer) the Agent by major banks in 
Hong Kong, for loans in Hong Kong Dollars to leading European banks for a 
period of the applicable maturity as at approximately 11:00 a.m. Hong Kong 
time provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being other than EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW or 
CDOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
71 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub- unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate 
Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2 –  Y1) ] + [30 × (M2 – M2) ] + (D2 – D2)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
72 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2 –  Y1) ] + [30 × (M2 – M2) ] + (D2 – D2)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2 –  Y1) ] + [30 × (M2 – M2) ] + (D2 – D2)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
73 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent in consultation with the 
Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as both 
determine appropriate. Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by 
no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be 
promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2 by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, manifest 
error or proven error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date if Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
applies 
(a) 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Issuer has received approval from the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) to extend the maturity of the Notes as 
a result of it being deemed likely that the extension will prevent the Issuer’s insolvency 
(Sw. obestånd) (such approval, a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval), each Note 
shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 4.3 on its outstanding nominal 
amount from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4.5. In such circumstances, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period falling after the Maturity Date, and the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of such Interest Period, shall 
be determined by the Agent in accordance with the applicable Final Terms and (i) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that “Extended Maturity Interest Provisions” are

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
74 
applicable and that "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" are applicable during such extension, 
Condition 4.1, mutatis mutandis, or (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
“Extended Maturity Interest Provisions” are applicable and that "Floating Rate Note 
Provisions" are applicable during such extension, Condition 4.2, mutatis mutandis, as 
applicable. 
(b) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.3, whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), as the case may be, in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
This Condition 4.3 shall only apply if the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval and, accordingly, the maturity of the Notes will in such case be 
automatically extended to the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance 
with Condition 6.1. 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b)) and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 4.4(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.4(d)). An Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 4.4 shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 4.4.  
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 4.4(c)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 4.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided 
in Condition 4.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
4.4(b), the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
75 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.4 and the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, or Relevant 
Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4.4(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders 
or Couponholders, vary these Conditions (as applicable) to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
 
The Agent shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if in the sole 
opinion of the Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose 
it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Agent in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement in 
any way. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer will notify the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the other Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders and Couponholders promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.4. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the other Paying Agents and 
the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 
4.4, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined and notified to the Agent, any other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
other Paying Agents, in each case pursuant to this Condition 4.4, prior to such Interest 
Determination Date, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the 
effect that the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) 
continue to apply to such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 
4.4(g) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
76 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 4.4. 
(h) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4.4: 
 
Adjustment Spread means (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the 
case of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is 
acknowledged or recognised as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the 
objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing 
or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). 
 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.4(b) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the Notes, or if the Independent Adviser determines 
that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines in its 
sole discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(d). 
 
Benchmark Events means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or  
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
77 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(iv)(A); or  
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (v)(A); or  
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the Agent, any other party specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or any other Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used. 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the 
international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under 
Condition 4.4(a). 
 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of 
any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which 
has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
(C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
4.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever 
is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
78 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each 
amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender 
of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date 
(as defined below) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise 
have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date or, as the case may be, the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons 
(if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect 
thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for 
further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note 
(other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on 
issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease 
to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
79 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
As used herein, Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on 
such Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder 
of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent 
in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such 
delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation 
(if presentation is required); 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
80 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(b) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;  
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; and 
(d) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at (i) if the Notes are not Zero Coupon Notes, 100 per cent. of its 
nominal amount, or (ii) if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date subject as provided below if the Extended Final Maturity is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, then (subject as 
provided below) payment of the Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be automatically 
deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at 
least four London business days prior to the relevant Maturity Date if the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Notes will not be paid (in full) on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the 
Issuer to notify the Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give 
rise to any rights in any such party and shall not constitute a default. 
 
If, where Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date is extended to the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 6.1, the Issuer shall give not less than 30 days’ notice of such 
extension to the Noteholders and the Couponholders (or, if the Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval is received 30 days or fewer prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall give notice of 
such extension to the Noteholders and the Couponholders as soon as reasonably practicable 
before the Maturity Date) in accordance with Condition 12 (provided, however, that any failure 
by the Issuer to give such notice shall not in any event affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension nor give any Noteholder or Couponholder any right to receive any payment of 
interest, principal or otherwise with respect to the relevant Notes other than as provided for in 
these Conditions). 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date means, in 
relation to any Series of Notes, the date (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
to which the payment of all the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be 
deferred in the event that the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval. 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12; and

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
81 
(b) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to 
the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the 
Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not 
less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the relevant Global 
Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and 
including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2 and notice to that effect 
shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 at least five 
days prior to the Selection Date. 
6.3 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased will 
be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.4 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.3 above (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.5 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.1 or 6.2 above is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be an amount (the Early 
Redemption Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP × (1 + AY)Y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(a) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
(the Accrual Date) which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
82 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12, 
and the denominator will be 360) or (b) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the Accrual Date and the denominator will be 
365) or (c) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the Accrual Date and the denominator will be 360), 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law, in which case such withholding or deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
As used herein, Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 5.2) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.2 or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.2. 
9. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of all such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
10. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or 
change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 12.

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
83 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to become the successor paying agent. 
11. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of 
interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 8. 
12. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, and listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in 
a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt 
in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed 
to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such 
notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
13. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (including by 
way of conference call, including by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 
ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing more than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
84 
the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one- third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of 
not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) 
(in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three- fourths in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders 
will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or 
not they voted on the resolution, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
14. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue, inter alia, further notes having terms and conditions the same as 
the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
16.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (except for Condition 2) and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. Condition 2 is governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
16.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that 
the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise 
out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) 
and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the Coupons (including any Proceedings 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
85 
the Coupons) against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
16.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Business Sweden, the Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its registered 
office at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process, and 
undertakes that, in the event of Business Sweden ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
16.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above. 
 
17. 
SWEDISH STATUTORY BAIL-IN 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for these purposes, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise of any Bail-in 
Power by the relevant Swedish resolution authority that may result in the write-down or cancellation of 
all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or accrued but unpaid interest on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or accrued but unpaid interest on, the Notes 
into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means 
of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the relevant Swedish resolution 
authority of such Bail-in Power. Each Noteholder (which, for these purposes, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) further acknowledges and agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are 
subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the relevant Swedish resolution authority. 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory reduction and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or any member of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group incorporated in 
the relevant Member State of the European Union in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State 
of the European Union to the Issuer and/or any other member of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group, 
including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, 
adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European 
Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State of the European 
Union’s resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment 
firm and/or any member of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group can be reduced, cancelled and/or 
converted into shares or other notes or obligations of the obligor or any other person. In this Condition 
17, Länsförsäkringar Bank Group means Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) and its Subsidiaries from 
time to time and for the purposes of this definition Subsidiary means a company (i) the majority of the 
voting rights of which are held by Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) and/or by one or more other 
Subsidiaries or (ii) of which Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) and/or one or more other Subsidiaries is 
a member and has or have the right to appoint or remove a majority of its board of directors, or (iii) 
Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) and/or one or more other Subsidiaries is a member of it and controls, 
pursuant to an agreement with other shareholders or members, a majority of voting rights in it. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the relevant Swedish resolution authority of the actual 
exercise of the Bail-in Power or the date from which the Bail-in Power shall be effective with respect to 
the Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 without delay. Any 
delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the relevant Swedish resolution authority with respect to the Notes 
shall not constitute an event of default under the Notes and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall 
continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with 
respect to, the Notes, subject to any modification of the amount of interest payable to reflect the

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes 
86 
reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
that the relevant Swedish resolution authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations relating to the resolution of 86 credit institutions, investment firms and/or any member of the 
Länsförsäkringar Bank Group incorporated in the relevant Member State of the European Union. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any 
physical note or document of title other than a statement of account made by the VPS. Ownership of 
VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry system and register 
maintained by the VPS. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of VPS Notes 
that are Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or 
to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following 
Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such VPS Notes. Reference should be made to “Applicable 
Final Terms” (or, in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes, to “Applicable Pricing Supplement”) for a 
description of the content of the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as applicable) which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant VPS Notes. 
The VPS Notes are issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on the Issuance of Covered Bonds 
(lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the Covered Bond Act). 
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of notes issued by Länsförsäkringar Hypotek 
AB (publ) (the Issuer) under the Programme and each VPS Note will be issued in accordance with and 
subject to a trust agreement (such trust agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 31 May 2011 made between the Issuer and 
Nordic Trustee AS (formerly Norsk Tillitsmann ASA) (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include 
any successor as VPS Trustee). 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean 
notes registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depositary Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 6 in a securities depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities 
depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities 
settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms will be Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS Notes and the VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes have the benefit of an account management agreement (the VPS Agency Agreement) 
dated 31 May 2011 between the Issuer and DNB Bank ASA (formerly DnB NOR Bank ASA) (the VPS 
Agent). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in uncertificated book entry form in accounts with 
the VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the VPS in respect 
of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The Final Terms of each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 
A of the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) which complete these Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions) and, in the case of a VPS Note which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated 
market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the United 
Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), 
may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with these VPS Conditions, replace or modify these VPS Conditions for the purposes of 
the VPS Notes. References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) which complete these VPS Conditions. Any reference in the VPS Conditions 
to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement 
where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes (the VPS 
Noteholders and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and these VPS Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of VPS Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b)

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
88 
have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts 
to accrue. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection or 
collection during normal business hours at the specified office of the VPS Agent and at the registered 
office for the time being of the VPS Trustee at 30 March 2022 at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, 0160, 
Oslo, Norway. The VPS Noteholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms 
which are applicable to them. The statements in these VPS Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or the VPS Trustee Agreement or used 
in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee 
Agreement will prevail, and in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement or the 
VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The VPS Notes are in uncertificated book entry form in the denomination of NOK 1,000,000 and/or such 
other currency and Specified Denomination(s) as shown in Part A of the relevant Final Terms provided 
that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes) and will be registered with a separate securities identification code 
in the VPS. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination. VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification 
code in the VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes other than VPS Notes, issued by the Issuer, and vice 
versa. 
A VPS Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of the 
VPS. The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of the VPS or one issued on behalf of 
the VPS by an account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the VPS between the direct or indirect accountholders 
at the VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS that are in force from time to time. 
Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS 
Note. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of the VPS as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent, 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. VPS Notes will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE VPS NOTES 
2.1 
Status of the VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The VPS Notes are obligations 
issued in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and rank pari passu with all other obligations 
of the Issuer that have been provided the same priority as covered bonds (säkerställda 
obligationer) issued in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Act.

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
89 
2.2 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the VPS Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall procure that the nominal value 
of the cover pool (Swedish: det nominella värdet av säkerhetsmassan, as per section 3:8 of the 
Covered Bond Act (as amended and replaced from time to time)) at all times exceeds the 
aggregate nominal value of claims which may be asserted against the Issuer on account of 
covered bonds (Swedish: det sammanlagda nominella värdet av de fordringar som kan göras 
gällande mot emittentinstitutet på grund av säkerställda obligationer, as per section 3:8 of the 
Covered Bond Act (as amended and replaced from time to time)) by 10 per cent., or such other 
percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time and notified to the VPS Trustee 
and each relevant rating agency (the Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage), 
provided that the Issuer shall not at any time select an Alternative Overcollateralisation 
Percentage unless: 
(A) 
the credit rating (if any) assigned to the VPS Notes at such time by each rating agency 
which has assigned a credit rating to the VPS Notes is Aaa (in the case of VPS Notes 
rated by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or its successors) and/or AAA (in the case of 
VPS Notes rated by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited); and 
(B) 
each rating agency (if any) which has assigned a credit rating to the VPS Notes at such 
time has confirmed in writing to the Issuer that, at the time of its confirmation, the 
selection of such Alternative Overcollateralisation Percentage would not in and of itself 
result in any credit rating then assigned to the VPS Notes by such rating agency being 
reduced, removed, suspended or placed on creditwatch. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date or, if the applicable Final Terms specifies that Statutory Extended 
Final Maturity applies, the relevant Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any 
amounts representing interest payable after the Maturity Date shall be paid at such rate and on 
such dates as specified in the Final Terms. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
90 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing 
on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
3.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, 
in these VPS Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date) or the relevant payment date if the VPS Notes become payable on a 
date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
91 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply 
mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as published by ISDA as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which:

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
92 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(D) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
i. 
Compounding with Lookback; 
ii. 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
iii. 
Compounding with Lockout; and 
(E) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option, the Index Method is Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the 
ISDA Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant 
confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers or other items 
specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight 
Floating 
Rate 
Option, 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method, 
Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift, Compounding with Lockout, Averaging with Lookback, Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift, Averaging with Lockout, Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option, Index Method, Compounded Index Method 
with Observation Period Shift and Swap Transaction have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being 
either EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW or CDOR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or each replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time, in the 
case of CDOR), 10.10 a.m. (Sydney time, in the case of AUD-BBR-BBSW), 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR or Hong Kong time in the case of HKD-HIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
93 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two (or five, in the case of AUD-BBR-BBSW) 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than the specified number of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be (1) (if the Reference Rate is either EURIBOR or 
STIBOR) the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (at the 
request of the Issuer) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), (2) (if the Reference Rate is AUD-BBR-BBSW) the rate shall 
then be determined by the Calculation Agent having regard to the comparable 
indices then available, (3) (if the Reference Rate is CDOR) the arithmetic mean 
of the bid rates as communicated to (at the request of the Issuer) the 
Calculation Agent by Schedule 1 chartered banks in Toronto, for Canadian 
Dollar bankers acceptances for a period of the applicable Interest Period in an 
amount representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time accepted by those banks as of 10:00 a.m. Toronto time; and (4) 
in the case of HKD-HIBOR, the arithmetic mean of the quotations as 
communicated to (at the request of the Issuer) the Calculation Agent by major 
banks in Hong Kong, for loans in Hong Kong Dollars to leading European 
banks for a period of the applicable maturity as at approximately 11:00 a.m. 
Hong Kong time provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period,

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
94 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect 
of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being other than EURIBOR, STIBOR, HKD-HIBOR, AUD-BBR-BBSW or 
CDOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such VPS Notes will be determined 
as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such 
Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than 
such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest 
Amount) payable on such Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub- unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2– Y1)] + 30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2– D1)]  
360
 
where:

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
95 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + 30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)]  
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction= 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + 30 × (M2 – M1)] +  (D2 – D1)]  
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
96 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as both determine appropriate. Designated Maturity means, in relation 
to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for 
each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, 
the VPS Agent, the VPS Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each 
Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 9 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London. The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made to the VPS 
in accordance with and subject to the VPS rules and regulations for the time being in 
effect. 
(g) 
Determination or Calculation by the VPS Trustee 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the VPS Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at 
such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall 
deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the VPS 
Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall 
be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
97 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.2 by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith, 
manifest error or proven error) be binding on all parties and (in the absence of wilful 
default or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.3 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date if Statutory Extended Final Maturity 
applies 
(a) 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Issuer has received approval from the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) to extend the maturity of the VPS 
Notes as a result of it being deemed likely that the extension will prevent the Issuer’s 
insolvency (Sw. obestånd) (such approval, a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval), each VPS Note shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 3.3 on 
its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to Condition 3.5. In such 
circumstances, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period falling after the Maturity 
Date, and the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
such Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms and (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that “Extended 
Maturity Interest Provisions” are applicable and that "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" are 
applicable during such extension, Condition 3.1, mutatis mutandis, or (ii) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that “Extended Maturity Interest Provisions” are 
applicable and that "Floating Rate Note Provisions" are applicable during such 
extension, Condition 3.2, mutatis mutandis, as applicable. 
(b) 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.3, by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and all VPS 
Noteholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer or the VPS 
Noteholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
This Condition 3.3 shall only apply if the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity 
Extension Approval and, accordingly, the maturity of the VPS Notes will in such case  
automatically be extended to the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance 
with Condition 5.1. 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
these VPS Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b)) and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.4(d)). An Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 3.4 shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent, the Calculation Agent or the VPS 
Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 3.4.  
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines that:

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
98 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided in Condition 3.4(c)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the VPS Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 3.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread (as provided 
in Condition 3.4(c)) shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
VPS Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 3.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 
3.4(b), the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a 
specified quantum or a formula or methodology for determining the applicable 
Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be 
positive, negative or zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).  
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3.4 and the 
Independent Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines (A) that amendments to these VPS Conditions and/or the VPS Trustee 
Agreement (if required) (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of 
Day Count Fraction, Business Day, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) 
and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3.4(e), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the VPS Noteholders, vary these VPS Conditions and/or the 
VPS Trustee Agreement (if required) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the VPS Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 3.4(e), the VPS Trustee 
shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the VPS Noteholders, be obliged to use their reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an addendum 
supplemental to or amending the VPS Trustee Agreement, if necessary) and the VPS 
Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the 
VPS Trustee shall not be so obliged if in the reasonable opinion of the VPS Trustee 
doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce rights and/or the protective provisions 
afforded to the VPS Trustee in these VPS Conditions or the VPS Trustee Agreement 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any addendum) in any way. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer will notify the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 9, the VPS Noteholders promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 3.4. Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. No later

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
99 
than notifying the VPS Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the VPS Trustee 
a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer:  
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (D) the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3.4; 
and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in 
either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
 
The VPS Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without 
liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the VPS Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent, the Calculation Agent and the VPS 
Noteholders as of their effective date. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under the provisions of this Condition 
3.4, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
is determined and notified to the VPS Trustee, the VPS Agent and the Calculation 
Agent, in each case pursuant to this Condition 3.4, prior to such Interest Determination 
Date, the Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining 
such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(b)(ii) will (if applicable) continue to 
apply to such determination. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3.4 shall apply 
to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.4. 
(h) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 3.4: 
 
Adjustment Spread means (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the 
case of a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is 
acknowledged or recognised as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
100 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above applies) 
the Independent Adviser determines to be appropriate, having regard to the 
objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing 
or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to VPS 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) has replaced the 
Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for debt securities with a commensurate interest period and in 
the same Specified Currency as the VPS Notes, or if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser 
determines in its sole discretion is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d). 
 
Benchmark Events means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the date falling six 
months prior to the specified date referred to in (ii)(A); or  
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in 
(iv)(A); or  
(v) 
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject 
to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified 
date and (B) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (v)(A); or  
(vi) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any VPS Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; or 
(vii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of such 
Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be used. 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in the 
international debt capital markets appointed by the Issuer, at its own expense, under 
Condition 3.4(a).

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
101 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to 
determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of 
any Interest Period(s) (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such 
originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which 
has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate). 
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Reference Rate relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
(C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
3.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of 
such VPS Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such VPS Note has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
3.6 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 16). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the VPS Notes, references in these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall 
be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the VPS 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
102 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6, and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
4.2 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS 
Noteholders will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of the VPS and will be 
effected through and in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from time to 
time governing the VPS. The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS 
Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint 
additional or other agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent 
authorised to act as an account operating institution with the VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the VPS Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required 
by any other stock exchange on which the VPS Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9. 
4.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the relevant payment due until the next 
following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 
7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
4.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(a) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(b) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; and 
(d) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the VPS Notes.

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
103 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at (i) if the VPS Notes are not Zero Coupon Notes, 100 per cent. 
of its nominal amount, or (ii) if the VPS Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Maturity Date subject as provided below if the Statutory Extended Final Maturity is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension Approval, then (subject as 
provided below) payment of the Final Redemption Amount by the Issuer shall be automatically 
deferred until the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Issuer shall confirm to the VPS Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event 
at least four Oslo Business Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date if the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Notes will not be paid (in full) on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the 
Issuer to notify the VPS Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor 
give rise to any rights in any such party and shall not constitute a default. 
 
If, where Statutory Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date is extended to the Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 5.1, the Issuer shall give not less than 30 days’ notice of such 
extension to the VPS Noteholders (or, if the Statutory Maturity Extension Approval is received 
30 days or fewer prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall give notice of such extension to the 
VPS Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable before the Maturity Date) in accordance 
with Condition 9 (provided, however, that any failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not 
in any event affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give any VPS Noteholder 
any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise with respect to the relevant 
VPS Notes other than as provided for in these VPS Conditions). 
 
For the purposes of these VPS Conditions, Statutory Extended Final Maturity Date means, 
in relation to any Series of VPS Notes, the date (if any) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms to which the payment of all the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date 
will be deferred in the event that the Issuer has received a Statutory Maturity Extension 
Approval. 
5.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of the VPS in relation to such VPS Notes not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
5.3 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS Notes at any price in 
the open market or otherwise.

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
104 
5.4 
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be 
cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of the VPS. All VPS Notes 
which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
VPS Notes shall be discharged. 
5.5 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5.1 or 5.2 above is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be an amount (the Early 
Redemption Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount= RP × (1+AY)Y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
Y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(a) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the 
date (the Accrual Date) which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the VPS Agent or 
the VPS Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9, 
and the denominator will be 360) or (b) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the Accrual Date and the denominator will 
be 365) or (c) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS 
Notes to (but excluding) the Accrual Date and the denominator will be 360), 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law, in which case such withholding or deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
As used herein, Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The VPS Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 16) therefor.

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
105 
8. 
TRANSFER AND EXCHANGE OF VPS NOTES 
8.1 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred 
between accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the 
time being, of the VPS. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held in the VPS through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to the VPS. 
8.2 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 5, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
8.3 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration, transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or 
expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may 
require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental 
charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
9. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to the VPS for 
communication by it to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of such exchange (which in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, must 
be in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s website www.bourse.lu). Any such notice given to the VPS shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date two days after delivery to the VPS. 
10. 
MEETINGS OF VPS NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
Provisions with respect to Holders of VPS Notes 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully 
set out in the VPS Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the 
VPS Trustee Agreement (or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the VPS Trustee, by VPS Noteholders holding not less than 
10 per cent. of the Voting VPS Notes or, with respect to VPS Notes listed on an exchange (but without 
prejudice to the foregoing), the exchange in accordance with the applicable rules of such exchange. 
For the purpose of this Condition, Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal amount of the total 
number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in the VPS, less the VPS Notes owned 
by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer 
has decisive influence. 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half of 
the Voting VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders 
of Voting VPS Notes whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the VPS 
Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal 
amount of the Voting VPS Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than one third in aggregate nominal amount of the 
Voting VPS Notes. A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all 
the VPS Noteholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
Modification 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that:

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
106 
(i) 
the VPS Trustee may in certain circumstances, without the consent of the VPS Noteholders, 
make decisions binding on all VPS Noteholders relating to the VPS Conditions, the applicable 
Final Terms or the VPS Trustee Agreement or that is not, in the VPS Trustee’s opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the VPS Noteholders; and 
(ii) 
the VPS Trustee may reach decisions binding for all VPS Noteholders. 
In addition, the Issuer may, without the consent of the VPS Noteholders, amend these VPS Conditions 
to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 
3.4(d) above. 
11. 
VPS TRUSTEE 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by the VPS 
Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create 
and issue, inter alia, further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS Notes. 
13. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this VPS Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
14.1 
Governing law 
The VPS Notes (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Condition 
2, which is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Swedish law and Conditions 
10, 11 and 12 which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Norwegian 
law. The VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6, 
as amended or replaced from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the 
rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related 
regulations and legislation. 
14.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Noteholders, that the courts of England 
and Wales are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the VPS Notes and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to 
as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (including any Proceedings 
relating to any non- contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it) may be brought 
in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the 
laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees 
that a judgment in any such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and 
binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders that 
the courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of, or in 
connection with, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement (including a 
dispute relating to any non- contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it).

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
107 
To the extent allowed by law, the VPS Noteholders may take (i) Proceedings against the Issuer 
in any other court of competent jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
14.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Business Sweden, the Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its registered 
office at 5 Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process, and 
undertakes that, in the event of Business Sweden ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any 
other manner permitted by law.  
15. 
SWEDISH STATUTORY BAIL-IN 
By its acquisition of the VPS Notes, each VPS Noteholder (which, for these purposes, includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the VPS Notes) acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Bail-in Power by the relevant Swedish resolution authority that may result in the write-down or 
cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or accrued but unpaid interest on, the VPS 
Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or accrued but unpaid interest 
on, the VPS Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, 
including by means of a variation to the terms of the VPS Notes to give effect to the exercise by the 
relevant Swedish resolution authority of such Bail-in Power. Each VPS Noteholder (which, for these 
purposes, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the VPS Notes) further acknowledges and 
agrees that the rights of the VPS Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to 
give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the relevant Swedish resolution authority. 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory reduction and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or any member of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group incorporated in 
the relevant Member State of the European Union in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State 
of the European Union to the Issuer and/or any other member of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group, 
including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, 
adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European 
Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State of the European 
Union’s resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment 
firm and/or any member of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group can be reduced, cancelled and/or 
converted into shares or other notes or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the relevant Swedish resolution authority of the actual 
exercise of the Bail-in Power or the date from which the Bail-in Power shall be effective with respect to 
the VPS Notes, the Issuer shall notify the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9 without 
delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the VPS Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the relevant Swedish resolution authority with respect to the VPS 
Notes shall not constitute an event of default under the VPS Notes and the terms and conditions of the 
VPS Notes shall continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount 
payable with respect to, the VPS Notes, subject to any modification of the amount of interest payable 
to reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms and conditions 
of the VPS Notes that the relevant Swedish resolution authority may decide in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of 86 credit institutions, investment firms and/or 
any member of the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group incorporated in the relevant Member State of the 
European Union. 
Each VPS Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Bail-in Power to the VPS Notes. 
16. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these VPS Conditions the following words shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
108 
Agency Agreement means an agency agreement dated 30 March 2022 between the Issuer and the 
agents named therein, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time; 
Calculation Agency Agreement in relation to any Series of VPS Notes means an agreement in or 
substantially in the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement; 
Calculation Agent means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, the person appointed as 
calculation agent in relation to the VPS Notes by the Issuer pursuant to the provisions of a Calculation 
Agency Agreement (or any other agreement) and shall include any successor calculation agent 
appointed in respect of the VPS Notes; 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into euro 
established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
Fixed Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a fixed rate payable in arrear on 
one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Floating Rate Note means a VPS Note on which interest is calculated at a floating rate, payable in 
arrear on one or more Interest Payment Dates in each year as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Commencement Date means, in the case of interest bearing VPS Notes, the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms from and including which the VPS Notes bear interest, which may or may 
not be the Issue Date; 
Issue Date means, in respect of any VPS Note, the date of issue and purchase of the VPS Note; 
Issue Price means the price, generally expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the VPS 
Notes, at which the VPS Notes will be issued; 
Länsförsäkringar Bank Group means Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) and its Subsidiaries from time 
to time and for the purposes of this definition Subsidiary means a company (i) the majority of the voting 
rights of which are held by Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) and/or by one or more other Subsidiaries 
or (ii) of which Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) and/or one or more other Subsidiaries is a member and 
has or have the right to appoint or remove a majority of its board of directors, or (iii) Länsförsäkringar 
Bank AB (publ) and/or one or more other Subsidiaries is a member of it and controls, pursuant to an 
agreement with other shareholders or members, a majority of voting rights in it; 
Oslo Business Days means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo; 
outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all the VPS Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these VPS Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with these VPS 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to 
the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these VPS Conditions after that 
date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent in the manner provided in these 
VPS Conditions and the VPS Agency Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect 
has been given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with these VPS Conditions) and remain 
available for payment of the relevant VPS Notes; 
(c) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with these VPS 
Conditions; and 
(d) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under these VPS 
Conditions;

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes 
109 
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro- zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, 
the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market and, in the case 
of a determination of HKD-HIBOR, the principal Hong office of four major banks in the Hong Kong inter-
bank market, and, in the case of a determination of AUD-BBR-BBSW, the financial institutions 
authorised to quote on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page, and, in the case of a determination of CDOR, 
four major Canadian Schedule 1 chartered banks, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent in 
consultation with the Issuer or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Relevant Date means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount 
of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 9; 
Specified Time means 10.00 a.m. (Toronto time, in the case of a determination of CDOR), 10.00 a.m. 
(Sydney time, in the case of a determination of AUD-BBR-BBSW), 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the 
case of a determination of EURIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, or 
Hong Kong time in the case of a determination of HKD-HIBOR); 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
Zero Coupon Note means a VPS Note on which no interest is payable.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
The following is a brief overview of certain features of the Covered Bond Act as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all aspects of 
the Swedish legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. In addition to the summary below, 
please also refer to the section “Risk Factors” above. 
Introduction 
The Covered Bond Act entered into force on 1 July 2004 and was last amended in 2018. It enables 
Swedish banks and credit market undertakings (Institutions), which have been granted a specific 
licence by the Swedish FSA, to issue full-recourse debt instruments secured by a pool of mortgage 
credits and/or public sector credits. 
The Swedish FSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority conferred on it by 
the Covered Bond Act by issuing FFFS 2013:1 (Sw: Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd 
om säkerställda obligationer which was amended by FFFS 2016:17 (Sw: Föreskrifter om ändring i 
Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd (FFFS 2013:1) om säkerställda obligationer) (the 
SFSA Regulations). 
Swedish covered bonds may take the form of bonds and other comparable debt instruments, such as 
commercial paper. 
In the event of an Institution’s bankruptcy, holders of covered bonds (and certain eligible counterparties 
to derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the 
Cover Pool with those of the covered bonds) benefit from a priority right in the pool of assets (the Cover 
Pool). The Covered Bond Act further enables such holders (and derivative counterparties) to continue 
to receive timely payments also following the Institution’s bankruptcy, subject to certain conditions being 
met. 
The Cover Pool is dynamic in the sense that an Institution may supplement or substitute assets in the 
Cover Pool at any time. 
Registration 
Information in respect of all covered bonds, assets in the Cover Pool and relevant derivative contracts 
must be entered into a special register (the Register), which is maintained by the Institution. The actual 
registration of the covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer 
the priority right in the Cover Pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the Cover 
Pool. 
The Register must at all times show the nominal value of the covered bonds, the Cover Pool and the 
relevant derivative contracts. As a result, the Register requires regular updating, including without 
limitation due to changes in interest rates, interest periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the 
Cover Pool. The value of the underlying collateral securing mortgage credits in the Cover Pool must 
also be entered into the Register. 
Eligibility criteria for assets in the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may consist of certain mortgage credits, public credits and supplemental assets. 
Mortgage credits are defined as loans secured by (i) mortgages over real property (Sw: fastigheter) 
intended for residential, agricultural, office or commercial purposes or site leasehold rights (Sw: 
tomträtter) intended for residential, office or commercial purposes, (ii) pledges over tenant-owner rights 
(Sw: bostadsrätter), or (iii) comparable security interests over equivalent assets situated in other 
countries within the EEA. 
Public credits are defined as certain loans to (or guaranteed by) inter alia the Swedish State, Swedish 
municipalities and comparable public bodies and the European Union.

--- Page 111 ---
Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
111 
Supplemental assets consist primarily of government bonds and cash, although the Swedish FSA may 
also authorise the use of certain debt instruments issued by credit institutions and other bodies as 
supplemental assets. 
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions 
For mortgage credits, there is a maximum loan amount which may be included in the Cover Pool, 
depending on the value of the underlying collateral: 
1. 
For residential collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan 
amount does not exceed 75 per cent. of the market value of the collateral. 
2. 
For agricultural collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan 
amount does not exceed 70 per cent. of the market value of the collateral. 
3. 
For office or commercial collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent 
the loan amount does not exceed 60 per cent. of the market value of the collateral. 
Should a loan exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the permitted limit may 
be included in the Cover Pool (a Partly Eligible Loan). The Covered Bond Act does not explicitly 
regulate how proceeds in respect of a Partly Eligible Loan shall be distributed between the eligible and 
the non-eligible parts of the loan. 
The most likely interpretation is that interest payments shall be allocated pro rata between the eligible 
and non-eligible parts of the loan and that amortizations shall be applied first towards the non-eligible 
part of the loan (absent enforcement of the security over the underlying collateral). However, proceeds 
from enforcement of the security should most likely be applied first towards the eligible part of the loan. 
A similar situation arises if, for example, the same mortgage security serves as first-ranking security for 
two (or more) loans granted by an Institution and only one of these loans is included in the Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bond Act does not give clear guidance as to how proceeds shall be allocated between 
the two loans in case of the Institution’s bankruptcy. The lack of guidance may give room for unsecured 
creditors of the Institution to argue that only a pro rata portion of such proceeds shall be allocated to 
the loan included in the Cover Pool. 
The Covered Bond Act restricts the overall proportion of loans provided against security over real 
property (or site leasehold rights or tenant-owner rights) intended for office or commercial purposes to 
10 per cent. of an Institution’s Cover Pool. 
Furthermore, the proportion of supplemental assets may not exceed 20 per cent. of the Cover Pool, 
although the Swedish FSA has the authority to raise this limit to 30 per cent. for a limited period in 
special circumstances. 
Institutions are required to regularly monitor the market value of the mortgage assets that serve as 
collateral for loans included in the Cover Pool and at least once a year analyse how future changes in 
market values may affect the loan-to-value ratios and the value of all such mortgage assets. If the 
market value of a mortgage asset declines significantly (15 per cent. or more according to the 
preparatory works to the Covered Bond Act), then only such part of the loan that falls within the 
permitted loan-to-value ratio will be eligible for inclusion in the Cover Pool and will be subject to the 
priority right described below. However, a decline in the market value following an Institution’s 
bankruptcy would not result in a reduction of the assets in which holders of covered bonds (and relevant 
derivative counterparties) have a priority right, but could result in the Cover Pool ceasing to meet the 
matching requirements. 
Matching requirements 
The Covered Bond Act prescribes that an Institution must comply with certain matching requirements, 
which, inter alia, require that the nominal value of the assets registered to the Cover Pool exceeds the 
nominal value of liabilities which relate to covered bonds issued from time to time by at least 2 per cent. 
The calculation shall be made on the basis of current book values. In order to comply with these 
requirements, the Institution may enter into derivative contracts, which will also be taken into account. 
To do so, the Institution is dependent on the availability of derivative counterparties with sufficient credit 
rating and also on such counterparties fulfilling their contractual obligations.

--- Page 112 ---
Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
112 
Furthermore, an Institution must compose the Cover Pool in such a way as to ensure a sound balance 
between the covered bonds and the assets in the Cover Pool in terms of currencies, interest rates and 
interest fixation periods. Such sound balance is deemed to exist when the present value of the Cover 
Pool at all times exceeds the present value of the liabilities relating to the covered bonds by at least 2 
per cent. The present value of derivative contracts shall be taken into account for the purposes of such 
calculation. The calculations of present value shall withstand certain stress tests (changes in interest 
rates and/or currency exchange rates). 
The payment flows relating to the assets in the Cover Pool, derivative contracts and covered bonds 
shall be such that an Institution is at all times able to meet its payment obligations towards holders of 
covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties. 
Non-performing assets in the Cover Pool which are more than 60 days overdue must be disregarded 
for the purposes of the matching tests. 
Supervision by the Swedish FSA and the independent monitor 
The Swedish FSA monitors that an Institution complies with the Covered Bond Act and other provisions 
of the legislative and regulatory framework which regulates the business of the Institution. In addition, 
the Swedish FSA appoints an independent monitor (Sw: oberoende granskare) for each Institution that 
issues covered bonds. 
The independent monitor is responsible for monitoring the Register to assess whether or not it is being 
maintained correctly and in compliance with the Covered Bond Act and the SFSA Regulations. The 
monitoring shall be risk-based. In particular, the independent monitor shall verify that (i) covered bonds 
and relevant derivative contracts are registered in the Register, (ii) only loans and supplemental assets 
that satisfy the eligibility criteria are included in the Cover Pool and registered in the Register, (iii) the 
valuations of the underlying collateral for loans in the Cover Pool are in accordance with the Covered 
Bond Act and the SFSA Regulations, (iv) mortgage loans, the underlying collateral of which has 
decreased significantly in value are, for the purpose of the matching requirements, deducted from the 
Cover Pool to the extent necessary to comply with the relevant loan-to-value ratio and (v) the matching 
requirements are complied with. The independent monitor shall further annually review revaluations by 
the institution of the underlying collateral. 
The independent monitor is entitled to request information from the Institution, conduct site visits and is 
required to report regularly and at least once a year to the Swedish FSA. The Covered Bond Act does 
not provide for any change to the independent monitor’s remit upon the bankruptcy of an Institution. 
Benefit of a priority right in the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Act and the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw: förmånsrättslagen 
(1970:979)), holders of covered bonds benefit from a priority right in the Cover Pool should the 
Institution be declared bankrupt (Sw: försatt i konkurs). The same priority is awarded to the Institution’s 
eligible counterparties to derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial 
terms of the assets in the Cover Pool with those of the covered bonds. Such derivative counterparties 
and the holders of the covered bonds rank pari passu with joint seniority in relation to the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the aforementioned priority, holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties 
rank ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the Institution in respect of assets in the 
Cover Pool (except the administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees for his administration of assets in 
the Cover Pool and costs for such administration and obligations under liquidity loans and other 
agreements entered into by the administrator-in bankruptcy on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a 
view to fulfilling the matching requirements for the Cover Pool (see further below)). The priority right 
also covers cash received by an Institution and deriving from the Cover Pool or relevant derivative 
contracts, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied with. 
Due to what is generally regarded as an oversight by the legislator, there is some uncertainty as to 
whether a creditor that obtains execution (Sw: utmätning) against an asset in the Cover Pool earlier 
than three months before an Institution’s bankruptcy could defeat the priority afforded to holders of 
covered bonds and derivative counterparties as regards such asset. However, an execution that is 
levied less than three months before the Institution is being declared bankrupt will typically not defeat 
the priority.

--- Page 113 ---
Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
113 
Administration of the Cover Pool in the event of bankruptcy 
Should an Institution be declared bankrupt, at least one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed 
by the bankruptcy court and one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the Swedish FSA. 
The administrators-in-bankruptcy would take over the administration of the bankruptcy estate, including 
the Cover Pool. 
Provided that (and as long as) the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Covered Bond Act 
(including the matching requirements), the assets in the Cover Pool, the covered bonds and any 
relevant derivative contracts that have been entered into the Register are required to be maintained as 
a unit and kept segregated from other assets and liabilities of the bankruptcy estate of the Institution. 
The administrators-in-bankruptcy are in such case required to procure the continued timely service of 
payments due under the covered bonds and any relevant derivative contracts. Consequently, the 
bankruptcy would not as such result in early repayment or suspension of payments to the holders of 
covered bonds or to derivative counterparties, so long as the Cover Pool continues to meet the 
requirements of the Covered Bond Act. 
Upon an Institution’s bankruptcy, neither the Institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability 
to issue further covered bonds. However, the Covered Bond Act gives the administrators-in-bankruptcy 
an explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf of 
the bankruptcy estate with a view to maintain matching cash flows, currencies, interest rates and 
interest periods between assets in the Cover Pool, covered bonds and derivative contracts. 
Counterparties in such transactions will rank senior to holders of covered bonds and derivative 
counterparties. The administrators-in-bankruptcy may also raise liquidity by selling assets in the Cover 
Pool in the market for example. 
If the Cover Pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Covered Bond Act, and the deviations are not 
just temporary and minor, the Cover Pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the continuous 
payment under the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and derivative contracts will cease. The 
holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties would in such case instead benefit from a 
priority right in the proceeds of a sale of the assets in the Cover Pool in accordance with general 
bankruptcy rules. This could result in the holders of covered bonds receiving payment according to a 
schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms and conditions of the covered bonds (with 
accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of covered bonds are not paid in full. However, the 
holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties would retain the benefit of the right of priority in 
the assets comprising the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of the holders of covered bonds and 
derivative counterparties remain valid claims against the Institution, but will rank pari passu with other 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Institution. 
Directive on covered bonds and proposal on Swedish implementation 
The EU’s covered bond directive and regulation, consisting of a directive and a regulation amending 
CRR, came into effect on 7 January 2020 (although there will be a maximum 30 month transposition 
period after the effective date for the new directive and the new regulation will become applicable during 
July 2022) (jointly, the New EU Covered Bond Legislation). Among other things, the New EU Covered 
Bond Legislation lays down the conditions that covered bonds have to meet in order to be recognised 
under EU, aiming to strengthen investor protection in the EU by imposing specific supervisory duties. 
On 20 December 2021, a government bill of the Swedish Government (Sw. Prop. 2021/22:76 (Ändrade 
regler om säkerställda obligationer)) was published containing, inter alia, proposals of the legislative 
amendments needed to implement the New EU Covered Bond Legislation in Sweden (the Covered 
Bond Proposal). It should be noted that the Covered Bond Proposal has not yet been accepted by the 
Swedish Parliament. Hence, the final amendments to the Covered Bond Act, implementing the New EU 
Covered Bond Legislation, may differ from the Covered Bond Proposal. The legislative amendments 
suggested in the Covered Bond Proposal are proposed to enter into force on 8 July 2022. 
The following is a summary of the main amendments to the Covered Bond Act proposed in the Covered 
Bond Proposal. 
Assets in the cover pool 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Proposal, residential and commercial mortgages, exposures to credit 
institutions and public loans can be included in the cover pool. Provisions in the Covered Bond Act

--- Page 114 ---
Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds 
114 
regarding eligible assets in the cover pool are amended to reflect the provisions of the CRR. As a result, 
the provisions on issuance of covered bonds will correlate better with the CRR’s provisions on risk 
weights and capital requirements. Among other things, issuers are required to meet the CRR’s 
requirements regarding exposure limits for credit institutions.  
Amendments to the provisions on LTV levels are proposed in the Covered Bond Act where only a part 
of the loan, up to a specific share of the market value of the collateral, can be included in the coverage 
calculation. The proposal increases the LTV for residential mortgages from 75 per cent. to 80 per cent. 
of the market value of the collateral and for commercial mortgages, the LTV is changed in certain cases. 
The Covered Bond Proposal proposes that the provisions on substitute collateral be repealed. Instead, 
new provisions on exposures to credit institutions and provisions on a liquidity buffer are proposed in 
the Covered Bond Act. While these provisions partly have the same purpose as substitute collateral, 
they have a broader scope, since exposures to derivative counterparties are also included. 
Liquidity buffer 
As a result of the rules in the New EU Covered Bond Legislation, the Covered Bond Proposal proposes 
that provisions concerning a specific liquidity buffer should be introduced in the Covered Bond Act. It 
should cover the maximum cumulative net liquid outflow from the covered bond programme over the 
next 180 days. 
Maturity extensions 
The Covered Bond Proposal proposes that provisions permitting maturity extensions be introduced in 
Swedish law. These are conditions included in the terms of a covered bond contract stating that 
repayment can be postponed in certain circumstances. Issuers will only be allowed to extend the 
maturity of covered bonds following the approval of the Swedish FSA, which may only be granted if it 
is deemed likely that such extension will prevent the Issuer’s insolvency (Sw. obestånd). Prior to the 
Swedish FSA making such decision, the Swedish National Debt Office and the Riksbank (Sweden’s 
central bank) shall be given the opportunity to comment.  
Calculation of the liquidity buffer requirement for covered bonds allowing for maturity extensions should 
be based on the extended maturity date. 
Information, monitoring and supervision 
The Covered Bond Proposal does not propose any amendments to the existing provisions in the 
Covered Bond Act relating to an independent inspector. Therefore, the Member State option in the New 
EU Covered Bond Legislation allowing for the appointment of a cover pool monitor will not be 
implemented in Sweden. The Covered Bond Proposal proposes that the Swedish FSA’s power to 
revoke an issuer’s authorisation for a covered bond programme shall be extended to include the 
situation where the issuer has acquired permission for a covered bond programme by making false 
statements or by some other irregular means. 
As a complement to the provisions on sanctions for issuers and other credit institutions, the Covered 
Bond Proposal proposes that additional provisions on sanctions for natural persons be included in the 
Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse), 
in relation to breaches of certain provisions in the Covered Bond Act. 
The Covered Bond Proposal introduces a new requirement on information to be provided to investors 
in the Covered Bond Act and proposes to include new authorisations to issue regulations in relation to 
the information to be provided to investors. 
Entry into force and transitional provisions 
The legislative amendments are proposed to enter into force and apply to covered bonds issued on and 
after 8 July 2022. For a covered bond that has been issued before this date, the previous provisions of 
the Covered Bond Act will, as a main principle, continue to apply during the remaining part of its maturity. 
For tap issues made after 8 July 2022, certain transitional provisions will apply.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Description of the Issuer 
 General information 
Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) (reg. no. 556244-1781) (the Issuer) is a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) (reg. no. 516401-9878) (the Parent Company) which, in its turn, is 
a subsidiary of Länsförsäkringar AB (publ) (reg. no. 502010-9681) (Länsförsäkringar AB). All of these 
companies have their respective registered offices in Stockholm, Sweden. 
The Issuer’s registered office is at Tegeluddsvägen 11-13, SE-106 50 Stockholm, Sweden and its 
telephone 
number 
is 
+46 
8 
588 
40 
000. 
The 
Issuer’s 
website 
is 
https://www.lansforsakringar.se/stockholm/other-languages/english/about-
lansforsakringar/lansforsakringar-hypotek/.  
The Länsförsäkringar Bank Group comprises the Parent Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, 
namely the Issuer, Wasa Kredit AB (reg. no. 556311-9204) and Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning AB 
(publ) (reg. no. 556364-2783). The administration of the Issuer’s operations is outsourced to the Parent 
Company (see further below), which is an authorised bank. The Issuer was incorporated in Sweden 
(with an indefinite life) as a limited company under Swedish law and was registered with the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office on 29 May 1984. The Issuer is an authorised credit market company 
(Sw. kreditmarknadsbolag) the operations of which are governed by the Swedish Companies Act 
(Aktiebolagslagen (2005:551), the Banking and Financing Business Act (lagen (2004:297) om bank- 
och finansieringsrörelse) and otherwise by Swedish law. In so far as the Issuer operates outside 
Sweden, such operations are also governed by any applicable foreign laws. 
 
The Issuer is part of the Länsförsäkringar Alliance, which comprises 23 local, independent and 
customer- owned regional insurance companies (the Regional Insurance Companies) that jointly own 
Länsförsäkringar AB and its subsidiaries. Länsförsäkringar AB is the financial hub of the 
Länsförsäkringar Alliance and is responsible for conducting joint business activities, strategic 
development activities and providing service that generates economies of scale. 
The Issuer is dependent on the Parent Company and Länsförsäkringar AB for injection of requisite 
capital. 
Following the merger in the second quarter of 2021 between Länsförsäkringar AB and Länsförsäkringar 
Sak Försäkringsaktiebolag (publ), the consolidated situation for the banking business consists of the 
Parent Company and its subsidiaries, which is collectively  the Länsförsäkringar Bank Group.  
Overview of the Issuer 
The Issuer is one of Sweden’s larger mortgage institutions in terms of lent amounts (source: Statistics 
Sweden) and the retail mortgage operations, which are part of Länsförsäkringar Alliance’s full-service 
Länsförsäkringar AB (publ) 
Länsförsäkringar Bank AB (publ) 
Länsförsäkringar 
Hypotek AB (publ) 
Wasa Kredit AB 
Länsförsäkringar 
Fondförvaltning AB (publ) 
100% 
100%

--- Page 117 ---
Description of the Issuer 
117 
offering, are conducted solely in Sweden. 86 per cent. of the Issuer’s retail mortgage customers also 
have the Parent Company as their primary bank. 
The Issuer conducts mortgage lending operations involving the origination of loans against collateral in 
the form of single-family homes, tenant-owned apartments and leisure homes and, to some extent, 
multi-family dwellings. Lending, which is provided to private individuals and homeowners, can be 
conducted at 115 branches of the Regional Insurance Companies throughout Sweden and via digital 
services and telephone. Sales (and certain administrative functions) are carried out at the branches of 
the Regional Insurance Companies. The Regional Insurance Companies are reimbursed for sales and 
administration through a reimbursement system based on volumes managed. 
Most of Länsförsäkringar Bank Group’s borrowing occurs through the Issuer. Borrowing is executed 
with covered bonds. To a certain extent financing is through the use of the Parent Company’s deposit 
surplus. 
Overview for the Issuer as of 31 December 2021 
 
Operating profit increased 6 per cent. to SEK 1,433 million (1,348 million) and the return on 
equity amounted to 8.2 per cent. (8.2 per cent.).  
 
Net interest income increased 3 per cent. to SEK 2,696 million (2,612 million).  
 
Lending increased 7 per cent. to SEK 278.5 billion (259.5 billion).  
 
Loan losses amounted to SEK –4.2 million (0.8 million), net, corresponding to a credit loss level 
of –0.00 per cent. (0.00 per cent.). The Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio amounted to 17.8 
per cent. (18.6 per cent.) on 31 December 2021.  
 
The number of customers amounted to 295,000.  
Figures in parentheses pertain to the same period in 2020. 
Regulatory Framework 
The Issuer is subject to a number of rules and regulations, including the Companies Act (Sw: 
Aktiebolagslagen 
2005:551), 
the 
Securities 
Markets 
Act 
(Sw: 
lag 
(2007:528) 
om 
värdepappersmarknaden) and the Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw: lag 2004:297) om bank- 
och finansieringsrörelse) which regulates, inter alia, the Issuer’s lending activities. The issuance of 
covered bonds is regulated by the Act on the Issuance of Covered Bonds (Sw: lag (2003:1223) om 
utgivning av säkerställda obligationer). In addition, the Supervision of Credit and Investment Institutions 
Act (Sw: lag (2014:968) om särskild tillsyn över kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag), the Act on Capital 
Buffers (Sw: lag (2014:966) om kapitalbuffertar) and CRD IV Regulation sets forth certain requirements 
on regulatory capital and exposure that the Issuer must observe. 
The Issuer is supervised by the Swedish FSA. 
The Issuer holds a license from the Swedish FSA to issue covered bonds in accordance with the 
Covered Bond Act. 
Business and mission 
The business concept of the retail mortgages operations is primarily to offer mortgages to the 
Länsförsäkringar Alliance’s customers. Länsförsäkringar Hypotek’s mission is to finance banking and 
retail mortgage operations, and to develop products and concepts as well as to support the Regional 
Insurance Companies in their mortgage sales and service to customers. 
Strategy and distribution network 
The strategy is to offer mortgages primarily to the Länsförsäkringar Alliance’s 3.2 million retail 
customers, of whom 2.4 million are home-insurance customers. The mortgage offering is an entry 
product and a strongly integrated component of the bank offering. The local Regional Insurance 
Companies are responsible for and provide these mortgages. Customer contact takes place during 
personal meetings at 115 of the 23 Regional Insurance Companies’ branches and via mobile services, 
the Internet and telephone. The real estate brokerage Länsförsäkringar Fastighetsförmedling also

--- Page 118 ---
Description of the Issuer 
118 
mediates customer contacts at its 189 branches. With the entire banking and insurance offering, 
customers receive a secure, personal and attractive commitment with Länsförsäkringar. Success is 
based on Länsförsäkringar’s strong brand, local presence and the Regional Insurance Companies 
being customer-owned. 
A strong brand 
According to the 2021 Swedish Quality Index customer satisfaction survey, the Parent Company 
continues to have the highest customer satisfaction among the major market players for retail bank 
customers.  
Objectives 
The Issuer’s objectives are as follows: 
 
Achieve profitable growth. 
 
Have the most satisfied customers. 
 
Increase the percentage of customers with a close relationship with the Issuer and other entities 
within Länsförsäkringar Alliance. 
Credit process 
The maximum mortgaging level for various types of loans and decision-making limits for the Regional 
Insurance Companies’ credit granting are stipulated in the Board of Directors of the Issuer’s guidelines. 
Decision-making authorities are dependent on the size of the loans. The mortgage operations impose 
strict requirements in terms of customer selection, customers’ repayment capacity and the nature of the 
collateral to be provided. 
Credit scoring of retail loans is supported by a credit research system, which is largely automated in 
accordance with the advanced internal ratings-based approach and a joint credit scoring model for the 
Issuer’s mortgage lending operations. Loan origination is primarily managed by the Regional Insurance 
Companies. The credit rules are established by the Issuer’s Board of Directors and apply to all Regional 
Insurance Companies. 
The Regional Insurance Companies continuously monitor and review the quality of the loan portfolio 
and borrowers’ repayment capacity. 
Cover pool in brief 
Cover pool 
31 
December 
2021 
31 
December 
2020 
31 
December 
2019 
Total 
volume, 
SEK 
billion
 .......................................................................................  
277 
259 
240 
Collateral
 .......................................................................................  
Private 
homes 
Private 
homes 
Private 
homes 
Weighted 
average 
LTV, 
%
 .......................................................................................  
54 
58 
59 
OC*, 
%
 .......................................................................................  
29 
37 
34 
Seasoning, 
months 
 .......................................................................................  
66 
63 
61 
Number 
of 
loans
 .......................................................................................  
429,536 
417,635 
402,194

--- Page 119 ---
Description of the Issuer 
119 
Cover pool 
31 
December 
2021 
31 
December 
2020 
31 
December 
2019 
Number 
of 
borrowers
 .......................................................................................  
189,193 
184,820 
177,628 
Number 
of 
properties 
 .......................................................................................  
187,998 
184,264 
177,539 
Average 
commitment, 
SEK 
000s
 .......................................................................................  
1,411 
1,349 
1,298 
Average 
loan, 
SEK 
000s
 .......................................................................................  
621 
595 
573 
Interest 
rate 
type, 
variable, 
%
 .......................................................................................  
49 
49 
56 
Interest 
rate 
type, 
fixed, 
% 
 .......................................................................................  
51 
51 
44 
Impaired 
loans 
 .......................................................................................  
None 
None 
None 
* 
OC is calculated using nominal values. 
Debt securities in issue in other currencies than SEK are translated into SEK using the swap 
rate. Debt securities in issue include repurchase agreements. 
Expected credit losses 
A reserve for credit losses (loss allowance) is recognised for financial assets measured at amortised 
cost and debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, financial 
guarantees and loan commitments. The initial loss allowance is calculated on initial recognition and is 
subsequently continuously adjusted over the lifetime of the financial asset. Initial recognition is defined 
by the Issuer as the time of origination of the financial instrument, meaning when the original loan terms 
were set. In the calculation of loss allowance the Issuer takes into consideration several different future 
scenarios, including macro factors.  
Model and definitions 
The expected credit loss impairment model is based on dividing the financial assets into three different 
stages. 
 
Stage 1 comprises assets for which the credit risk has not increased significantly since initial 
recognition. 
 
Stage 2 comprises assets for which the credit risk has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, but the asset is not credit-impaired. The approach selected to assess the significant 
increase in credit risk is to compare the probability of default (PD) on the reporting date in 
question with the PD from the initial reporting date. In addition, a credit risk is deemed to have 
increased significantly for assets that are more than 30 days past due. 
 
Stage 3 comprises credit-impaired assets or assets that were credit-impaired on initial 
recognition. The definition of credit-impaired is consistent with the Issuer’s regulatory definition 
of default.  
Estimating the loss allowance for stage 1 is to correspond to the 12-month expected credit losses (ECL). 
For stages 2 and 3, estimating the loss allowance is to correspond to lifetime expected credit losses. 
The calculations are primarily based on existing internal ratings-based models and take into account

--- Page 120 ---
Description of the Issuer 
120 
prospective information. The loss allowance is achieved by calculating the expected credit loss for the 
assets’ contractual cash flows. The present value of the expected credit loss is calculated for every date 
in each cash flow by multiplying the remaining exposure with the PD and the loss given default (LGD). 
For stage 1, the loss allowance is calculated as the present value of the 12-month ECL, while the credit 
loss for stages 2 and 3 is calculated as the present value of the lifetime expected credit losses. All 
calculations of the loss allowance including estimates of exposure, PD and LGD take into account 
prospective information and are based on a weighting of at least three different possible macroeconomic 
scenarios. A number of statistical macro models have been developed to determine how each 
macroeconomic scenario will affect the expected future exposure, PD and LGD. The reserve for 
financial assets measured at amortised cost is recognised as a reduction of the recognised gross 
amount of the asset. For financial guarantees and loan commitments, the reserve is recognised as a 
provision. The reserve for debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
is recognised as the fair value reserve in equity and does not impact the carrying amount of the asset. 
De-recognition reduces the recognised gross amount of the financial asset. Loss allowance and de-
recognition of confirmed credit losses are presented in the income statement as credit losses, net. 
Funding with covered bonds 
Borrowing is conducted on the basis of covered bonds. As per 31 December 2021, a total of 76 per 
cent. of the Issuer’s total assets are financed through the issuance of covered bonds. The aim of the 
funding operations is to ensure that the mortgage institution has a sufficiently strong liquidity position to 
manage turbulent periods in capital markets, when access to funding is limited or even impossible. The 
liquidity risk is controlled and limited on the basis of a survival horizon, meaning how long all known 
cash flows can be met without access to capital market financing. 
Risk Management 
The risks arise as part of the Issuer’s operations. Risks must be managed and the Board of Directors, 
which is ultimately responsible for the operations and, as a result, for protecting the Issuer’s assets, is 
also responsible for generating risk awareness in the Issuer. The Issuer has entered into derivatives 
arrangements in the form of interest rate and currency swaps with the Parent Company and other 
counterparties in order to manage market risks relating to the Issuer’s funding and lending. 
Overcollateralisation 
The Issuer has, in Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and 
Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, covenanted to procure that the nominal 
value of the cover pool shall at all times exceed the aggregate nominal value of claims which may be 
asserted against the Issuer on account of covered bonds by 10 per cent. or such other Alternative 
Overcollateralisation Percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time in accordance with 
Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes and Condition 2.2 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. See Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
other than VPS Notes and Condition 2.2 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. See also “Risk 
Factors — Risks related to Notes generally — Overcollateralisation”. 
Outsourcing agreement regarding certain services 
The Issuer and the Parent Company have agreed that the Parent Company shall, on behalf of the 
Issuer, perform those services that are required for the conduct of the Issuer’s operations. The Parent 
Company and the Issuer have entered into a loan and services agreement in this respect (the 
Outsourcing Agreement). 
Pursuant to the Outsourcing Agreement, the Parent Company shall, on behalf of the Issuer, perform 
administrative services, credit operations services as well as related operational services, finance-
related services and certain other services. The Parent Company shall receive remuneration from the 
Issuer for the services performed by the Parent Company on behalf of the Issuer. Remuneration for the 
services rendered in accordance with the Outsourcing Agreement shall be paid annually in an amount 
to be agreed each year between the Issuer and the Parent Company. As stated below, the Parent 
Company’s claims for remuneration with respect to rendered services under the Outsourcing 
Agreement will be subordinated in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, liquidation, or company 
reorganisation.

--- Page 121 ---
Description of the Issuer 
121 
Intercreditor agreement and subordination of the Parent Company’s claims against certain 
borrowers 
The Issuer and the Parent Company have granted, and will grant additional, loans to certain borrowers. 
Such loans are secured by security granted to the Issuer and the Parent Company jointly and/or on a 
first and second ranking basis with respect to existing and/or future obligations of the borrowers (the 
Joint Collateral). The Issuer and the Parent Company have, in an intercreditor agreement, agreed that, 
unless otherwise agreed in a specific case in relation to a certain borrower, the Issuer’s claims in respect 
of the Joint Collateral (and any income from the realisation thereof) shall rank senior to the Parent 
Company’s claims in respect thereof. 
Liquidity facility agreements between the Issuer and the Parent Company 
The Issuer and the Parent Company have entered into a liquidity facility agreement, pursuant to which 
the Parent Company makes available a committed liquidity loan facility to the Issuer to support its ability 
to repay principal and pay interest on covered bonds issued under the Issuer’s covered bond 
programmes. 
Account structure for covered bonds 
The Issuer’s funds in Swedish Kronor will be deposited in an account with the Parent Company. The 
Issuer’s funds in euro will be deposited in a separate account with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ). The funds relating to the Issuer’s covered bond operations will be kept in separate accounts 
maintained separately from the Issuer’s other accounts. In the event the unsecured, unsubordinated 
short-term credit rating of the Parent Company or Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) as 
determined by S&P falls below A-2, the Issuer will either (i) within 30 days from such event open an 
account with a bank which has an unsecured, unsubordinated short-term credit rating from S&P which 
is not less than A-2 and to such account transfer all funds standing to the credit of the Issuer’s account(s) 
with the relevant account bank the credit rating of which has fallen below the stated level, or (ii) take 
such other measures as S&P deems necessary. 
The Association of Swedish Covered Bond Issuers 
The Issuer is a member of the organization “The Association of Swedish Covered Bond issuers” 
(ASCB). ASCB is the voice of the Swedish covered bond industry. The purpose of the ASCB is to 
represent and promote the interests of the Swedish covered bond market. More information regarding 
the ASCB can be found on ASCB’s homepage www.ascb.se. 
The Swedish Housing Market 
In Sweden, housing finance is provided mainly by mortgage institutions and banks. A minor portion of 
loans are also granted by finance companies and insurance companies. 
The mortgage institutions dominate the housing finance market and their loans normally replace banks’ 
construction credits after a building has been completed. A typical residential mortgage loan in Sweden 
commonly has a variable rate or a fixed rate of interest for between 3 months and 12 years and is 
generally amortized over 20-50 years. At the end of the interest rate fixing period or loan term the 
borrower obtains refinancing, often through the same mortgage lender. Swedish mortgage institutions 
generally refinance themselves by issuing bonds and other securities in the Swedish and international 
capital markets. In Sweden a security interest in land is normally granted by the owner of the land 
pledging one or more mortgage certificates. Mortgage certificates are issued by the District Court in the 
district in which the land is located (Inskrivningsmyndigheten), the official registry of real estate, upon 
application from the owner of the land. 
Recent Developments 
Ukraine 
There is a risk that the global economy is negatively affected by the ongoing war in Ukraine through 
lower GDP growth, higher energy prices and turbulence in financial markets. This may in turn, as for 
the Issuer, lead to for example reduced costumer demand for the Issuer’s products, higher loan loss 
provisions for expected credit losses due to a more negative macroeconomic outlook and more difficult

--- Page 122 ---
Description of the Issuer 
122 
funding markets. It is not possible to predict, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, how long the war 
will continue and the extent of its potential negative effects. 
Board of Directors 
Sven Eggefalk, born 1969. 
Board Chairman since April 2018. 
President of Länsförsäkringar Bank. 
Other Board appointments / Principal Activities Outside: Board Chairman of Wasa Kredit. Board 
member of Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning, Länsförsäkringar Fastighetsförmedling AB and Svenska 
Bankföreningen. 
Anders Långström, born 1968.  
Board member since 2020. 
President of Länsförsäkringar Norrbotten.  
Other Board appointments / Principal Activities Outside: Board member of Försäkringsaktiebolaget 
Agria (publ), Länsförsäkringar Norrbotten Holding AB and Länsförsäkringar i Norr Holding AB.  
 
Magnus Olsson, born 1964 
Board member since 2021 
President of Länsförsäkringar Jönköping 
Other Board appointments / Principal Activities Outside: Board member of Länsförsäkringar 
Mäklarservice AB 
 
Jonas Rosman, born 1963 
Board member since 2021 
President of Länsförsäkringar Skaraborg 
Other Board appointments / Principal Activities Outside: Chairman Skaraborg Invest AB, Board member 
of Hällefors Tierp Skogar AB. 
Gōran Zakrisson, born 1953.  
Board member since 2017. 
Other Board appointments / Principal Activities Outside: None. 
Management 
Anders Borgcrantz, born 1961.  
President. 
Principal Activities Outside: None. 
 
Anders Larsson, born 1965 
Head of Staff. 
Principal Activities Outside: None. 
Control functions 
 
Anneli von Lode 
Risk control. 
Maria Edsparr 
Compliance. 
 
Nichola Prom 
Internal Audit. 
The business address of each member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors and Management is 
Tegeluddsvägen 11-13, SE-106 50 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Auditor 
KPMG AB 
Anders Tagde (Authorized Public Accountant)

--- Page 123 ---
Description of the Issuer 
123 
Box 382 
101 27 Stockholm 
Telephone +46 8 723 91 00 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the private interests 
and other duties of the persons noted above and their duties to the Issuer. The aforesaid applies also 
to other persons from the Issuer involved in the preparation of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Book entry clearing in respect of VPS Notes 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of the VPS currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the VPS has 
been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but neither the Issuer nor any Dealer 
takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of the VPS are 
advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the VPS. 
Neither the Issuer, nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Notes held through the facilities of the VPS or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
VERDIPAPIRSENTRALEN (VPS) 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA is a Norwegian public limited liability company which in 2003 was authorised 
to conduct the business of registering financial instruments in Norway in accordance with Norwegian 
law. The VPS Act requires that, among other things, all notes and bonds issued in Norway and which 
are denominated in Norwegian kroner shall be registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the VPS Act 
in a securities depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) 
regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the 
European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 
2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012). 
VPS is a paperless securities registry and registration of ownership, transfer and other rights to financial 
instruments are evidenced by book entries in the registry. Any issuer of securities registered in the VPS 
will be required to have an account (issuer’s account) where all the securities registered in the VPS are 
registered in the name of the holder and each holder is required to have her/his own account (investor’s 
account) showing such person’s holding of securities registered in the VPS at any time. Both the issuer 
and the VPS Noteholder will, for the purposes of registration in the VPS, have to appoint an account 
operator which will normally be a Norwegian bank or Norwegian investment firm. 
It is possible to register a holding of securities registered in the VPS through a nominee approved by 
the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Taxation 
Swedish Taxation 
The following overview outlines certain Swedish income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of Notes and is based on the Swedish tax laws in force as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The overview does not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be 
applicable to a potential investor in the Notes and the overview is neither intended to be, nor should it 
be construed as, legal or tax advice. In particular, the overview does not address the rules regarding 
reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance 
companies. Specific tax consequences may also apply when Notes are held by partnerships or as 
trading assets in a business. Such tax consequences are not described below. Neither does the 
overview cover Notes which are placed on an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto). 
A potential investor in the Notes should therefore consult with its own tax advisor as to the Swedish and 
foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties) of the acquisition, 
ownership and disposition of Notes. 
(i) 
Non-resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Non-resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a 
resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Under Swedish law, payments of principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a Non-resident Holder of Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax unless 
such Non-resident Holder of Notes carries on a trade or business through a permanent establishment 
in Sweden to which the Notes are attributable. 
Swedish law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Non-resident 
Holder of Notes. 
Under Swedish law, a capital gain on a sale of Notes by a Non-resident Holder will not be subject to 
Swedish income tax unless the holder carries on a trade or business in Sweden through a permanent 
establishment to which the Notes are attributable. 
However, private individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital 
gains taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on 
the classification of the particular financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have 
been resident in Sweden or have lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of 
disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption. Taxation 
may, however, be limited by an applicable tax treaty. 
(ii) 
Resident Holders of Notes 
As used herein, a Resident Holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
In general, for Swedish corporations and individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are 
resident holders of any Notes, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for 
Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. A capital gain or capital loss is 
calculated as the difference between the sales proceeds, after deduction for sales expenses, and the 
acquisition cost for tax purposes. The acquisition cost for all Notes of the same kind is determined 
according to the “average method” (Sw. genomsmittsmetoden). 
An individual’s capital income such as capital gains and interest is subject to a 30 per cent. tax rate. 
Limited liability companies and other legal entities are taxed on all income, including capital gains and 
interest, as business income at the tax rate of 20.6 per cent. 
Losses on listed Notes (Sw. marknadsnoterade fordringsrätter) should generally be fully deductible for 
limited liability companies and for individuals in the capital income category. Certain deduction 
limitations may apply for individuals and limited liability companies with respect to losses on financial

--- Page 126 ---
Taxation 
126 
instruments deemed share equivalents (Sw. delägarrätter) for Swedish tax purposes, not described 
further herein. 
Swedish law does not impose withholding tax on payments of principal or interest to a Resident Holder 
of Notes. However, preliminary income tax (Sw. preliminärskatt) at a rate of 30 per cent. is normally 
withheld on payments of interest, and other yield which is paid at the same time as interest, to individuals 
(and estates of deceased individuals). 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following overview is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information 
contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors 
in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or 
foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non- resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 (the 
Relibi Law) mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of their private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be 
subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (the FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, 
Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established 
in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It 
may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Prospective 
holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 127 ---
Taxation 
127 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have 
a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes other than VPS 
Notes – Further Issues” or “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes – Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period 
and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the 
Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under 
FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Notes.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Subscription and Sale 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the Programme Agreement) dated 30 March 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes”, “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes other than VPS Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes”. In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses 
in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply 
or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes 
of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 129 ---
Subscription and Sale 
129 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of 
the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in relation thereto to the public in that Member 
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 130 ---
Subscription and Sale 
130 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, 
regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 131 ---
Subscription and Sale 
131 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the 
Notes (if required) and the Base Prospectus have been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority 
of Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any notes in Norway or to residents of Norway, except (i) to qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (b), as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant 
to Section 7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2017 No. 75 (the Securities Trading 
Act) or (ii) in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of 
Notes for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor, cf. the Prospectus Regulation 
Article 1 no. 4 (c) as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading 
Act or (iii) to, when aggregated with such offer or sale of any Notes in the same offering by any other 
Dealer, fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (b), as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant 
to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers for any such offer, or (iv) in any other circumstance that shall not result in a requirement for 
the registration or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4 and no. 6 as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 
7-1 of the Securities Trading Act. Notes denominated in Norwegian kroner shall be registered in 
accordance with section 3-1 of the VPS Act in a securities depository approved or acknowledged under 
the EU central securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 
on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and 
amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
will be the VPS unless the Notes are issued outside of Norway and reserved for and only sold and 
offered to non-Norwegian residents and entities. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as 
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any 
similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, 
the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 132 ---
Subscription and Sale 
132 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA - Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
General Information 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 7 March 2022.  
Listing, approval and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes, other than Exempt Notes, 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.lansforsakringar.se/stockholm/other-languages/english/about-
lansforsakringar/lansforsakringar-hypotek/terms-of-usage-for-emtn-base-prospectus/prospectus-euro-
medium-term-notes/): 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form, the Coupons, the Talons, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency 
Agreement; and 
(c) 
any future Base Prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this 
Base Prospectus and Final Terms. 
Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
and each document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
website, www.bourse.lu. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
If the Notes are to clear through or registered in an additional or alternative clearing system (including 
the VPS or any other relevant securities depository) the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
The address of the VPS is Fred Olsens gate 1, 0152 Oslo. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 134 ---
General Information 
134 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or of the 
Issuer’s group since 31 December 2021 and save as disclosed in the risk factor, “Risks relating to 
disruptions in the global credit markets and economy”, there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.  
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Issuer’s group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which 
may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG AB (Chartered Accountants), a member of the Swedish Institute 
of Authorised Public Accountants, who have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without qualification, in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in Sweden for each of the two financial years 
ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. The auditors of the Issuer have no material 
interest in the Issuer. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
The yield relating to a particular issue of Notes will be stated in the Final Terms relating to those Notes 
and is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Cover Pool 
With reference to articles 80.2 and 80.4 of the European Central Bank Guidelines ECB/2014/60 (the 
Guidelines), the Issuer has not included and will not include asset-backed securities in the cover pool 
relating to Notes issued pursuant to the Programme which do not comply with article 80.1 of the 
Guidelines.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
ISSUER 
Länsförsäkringar Hypotek AB (publ) 
Tegeluddsvãgen 11-13 
SE-106 50 Stockholm  
Sweden 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom 
OTHER PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d’Esch  
L-2953 Luxembourg 
VPS AGENT 
DNB Bank ASA  
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo  
Norway 
VPS TRUSTEE 
Nordic Trustee AS  
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1   
0160 Oslo 
Norway 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
Norrlandsgatan 21, Box 1711 
Postboks 1513 Vika 
SE-111 87 Stockholm 
0117 Oslo 
Sweden 
Norway 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP  
One Bishops Square  
London E1 6AD  
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG AB 
Box 382 
SE-101 27 Stockholm 
DEALER 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4  
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d’Esch  
L-2953 Luxembourg