--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS dated 9 May 2023  
 
L'Oréal 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), L'Oréal 
(the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term 
Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent 
in other currencies). 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto, each a "Supplement") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as may be amended from time to time (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus 
has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation and received the approval no. 23-147 on 9 May 2023. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
For a period of twelve (12) months following the date of this Base Prospectus, application may be made (i) to the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris") to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or (ii) to the listing authority of any other Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such 
Member State, provided that the Base Prospectus is completed by one or more supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect investors' assessment of the Notes. 
After 9 May 2024, the Base Prospectus, as supplemented, will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Euronext Paris is a regulated market (a 
"Regulated Market") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended.  
 
The price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below) based on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of such Notes and will be set out in the 
relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein). Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. 
 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more 
fully described herein. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.  
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 2(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will 
be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on 
behalf of the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the books of an 
Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons 
for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to 
postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes" below) upon certification as to 
non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended 
to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
The minimum denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term debt is rated Aa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's Italia S.r.l. ("Moody's") and 
AA (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The rating of a Series of Notes (if any) will be specified in the

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
relevant Final Terms. The rating of a Series of Notes will not necessarily be identical to the rating of the Issuer. 
 
Whether or not such credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (the "UK") and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms. The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority's website (the "ESMA") (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P appear on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
 
The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's and S&P 
may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto 
and the Final Terms will be available (i) on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (ii) on the Issuer’s website 
(www.loreal-finance.com). 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger  
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS  
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
NATIXIS 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference thereto), as may be supplemented 
from time to time, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purpose of giving all necessary information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer 
and the Notes, is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attached to the Notes and the reasons for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the 
affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.  
In this Base Prospectus, "Arranger" means BNP Paribas and "Permanent Dealers" means BNP Paribas, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Natixis and Société Générale and such additional persons that are 
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and, in each case, whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and "Dealer" means the Permanent Dealers and any further dealer appointed with respect to any 
specific issue of Notes.   
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and the Notes may 
include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold, or in the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below) delivered, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, as defined in the U.S. External Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended, and regulations thereunder. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Dealers 
or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
EEA PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
UK PRIIPS IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines on EU MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA dated 5 February 2018, and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in EU MiFID II) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made by all relevant 
Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines on MiFID II product governance requirements published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should 
take into consideration such determination; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SFA – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)" which will state the product classification 
of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about 
the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on 
the Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of any Notes. The Arranger and 
each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
financial statements or information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information 
incorporated by reference) are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, and should be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase 
of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes 
of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes may have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the currency in which such potential investor’s financial activities are principally 
denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Credit ratings 
The Issuer's long-term debt is rated Aa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's and AA (stable outlook) by S&P. One or 
more independent credit rating agencies may also assign credit ratings to the Issuer on an unsolicited basis.  
These ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed below, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A rating or the absence of a rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Taxation  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. 
In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for 
financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax overview 
contained in this Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with 
respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position 
to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................23 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................31 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ..............64 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................65 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................66 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ...........................................................................................................................67 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...............................................................................................................................70 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ..........................................................................................................................84 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................89 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................92

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Issuer: 
L'Oréal 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 
529900JI1GG6F7RKVI53 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at 
the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The amount of the Programme may 
be increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement.  
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas  
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Natixis and Société Générale 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of 
any dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers 
either in respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the 
whole Programme.  
References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" is 
to BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Natixis and Société Générale and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and, in each case, whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all Permanent 
Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one 
or more Tranches.  
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
Société Générale 
Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
Aether Financial Services  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable 
with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, 
save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to 
the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms (the "Final Terms"). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised 
Notes") 
or 
in 
materialised 
form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued 
in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, 
in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination and Title". 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be 
issued outside France. See "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Form, Denomination and Title" below. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised Notes, 
Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
No later than one Paris business day before the Issue Date of 
each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable, or 
as the case may be, the application form, relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central 
depositary. 
On or before the Issue Date for each Tranche of Materialised 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Specified Denomination: 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms save that (i) the minimum specified 
denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the Notes); and (ii) unless 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for 
each Series as follows:  
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction, pursuant to the 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments as supplemented by the relevant FBF 
Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by 
the Fédération Bancaire Française, as amended, 
supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; or  
(ii) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, each as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
("ISDA") 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, each as amended, supplemented and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
(iii) by reference to EURIBOR or EUR CMS or by reference to 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, as may be 
determined by the Independent Adviser if a Benchmark 
Event occurs.  
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Minimum Rate of Interest shall not be less than 
zero. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as defined in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate 
(as such terms are defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)), the 
related adjustment and/or amendments to the terms of the 
relevant Series of Notes are further described in Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5). 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms 
from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to 
a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate 
on the date set out in the Final Terms.  
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes") may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest (other than in the case of late 
payment in relation to the principal amount only). 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the 
applicable Rate of Interest or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may 
have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest, 
or both. The use of Interest Accrual Periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the Redemption Amounts 
payable, determined in accordance with the Conditions. Unless 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to 
be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA 
must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).  
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Series of Notes will 
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer: 
If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of 
Notes, then the Issuer will have the option to redeem, in whole 
but not in part, the Notes at any time during the period starting 
on (and including) the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date 
(as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date at the Early Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption.  
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If "Clean-Up Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of Notes, then the 
Issuer will have the option to redeem at the Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any interest accrued up to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption, in whole but not in part, the Notes 
at any time, provided that redemptions (except for an Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or repurchases and 
cancellations of such Series shall have been previously effected 
in respect of at least the Minimum Percentage (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) of such Series of Notes. 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer:  
If "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of any Series of Notes, then the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior 
to the Relevant Redemption Date at their relevant Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, together with any interest 
accrued up to (but excluding) the Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption Date.  
Acquisition Event Call Option: 
If "Acquisition Event Call Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Series of 
Notes and an Acquisition Event has occurred, then the Issuer 
will have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the 
Notes of the relevant Series then outstanding at the relevant 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) together with any interest accrued up to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption", "Residual 
Maturity Call Option by the Issuer", "Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer", "Clean-Up Call Option" and 
"Acquisition Event Call Option" above, the Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for 
tax reasons or, if applicable, in instalments. See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject as provided in Condition 4(b)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as 
are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a negative pledge described 
in Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Status 
and Negative Pledge). 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes, as set out 
in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(Events of Default). 
Cross-Default: 
Noteholders will have the benefit of a cross-default described in 
Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Events 
of Default). 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating of Aa1 
(stable outlook) by Moody's Italia S.r.l. ("Moody's") and AA 
(stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P").  
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit 
ratings are (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union, and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation, or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
The list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation is published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority's 
website 
(the 
"ESMA") 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P appear 
on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published 
by ESMA. The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed 
by Moody's Investors Service Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have 
not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's and 
S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed 
by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law.  
If pursuant to French laws or regulations, payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon 
become subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the Noteholders or, as the case may be, 
the Couponholders will receive after such withholding or 
deduction the full amount then due and payable thereon in the 
absence of such deduction or withholding, subject to certain 
exceptions. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: 
French law. 
Any dispute related to the Notes, Coupons and/or Talons will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commercial Court 
of Paris, provided that, if the Chambre Internationale du 
Tribunal de Commerce de Paris has jurisdiction, the Issuer 
agrees to submit any such dispute to such Chambre of the court. 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application will be made for the Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
Euronext Paris is a Regulated Market published on the ESMA 
website. The Notes may also be listed and admitted to trading 
on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, and the relevant Dealer in relation to each 
Series. The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will 
state whether or not and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) the 
Notes are to be listed and admitted to trading. 
No offer to retail investors: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France and/or 
in any Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, France, the Republic of Italy, Singapore and Japan. 
See "Subscription and Sale". 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
 
Representation of Noteholders:  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant 
Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the "Masse").  
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part 
through a representative and in part through collective decisions 
of the Noteholders. If and for so long as the Notes are held by a 
sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse and the 
Representative by the provisions of the French Code de 
Commerce.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In accordance with the provisions of Article 16 of the Prospectus Regulation, the risk factors set out below are limited 
to those that are specific to the Issuer and the Notes and material to an informed investor's decision to invest in the 
Notes. These risks are ranked and presented in decreasing order of importance within each category (and in no 
particular order of importance between categories). 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below (and in the documents incorporated by reference) represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued under the Programme. Prospective investors should read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents 
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision.  
Terms defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". 
Risks relating to the Issuer 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer are set out on pages 141 to 150 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document 
(as defined hereafter in the section "Documents incorporated by reference").  
The classification of the risks relating to the Issuer is the result of a regular analysis as part of the Issuer’s internal 
risk management process, the major risks are presented in a limited number of categories (given the probability of 
their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact) taking risk management policies into account. 
In each category of risks the most material risks are mentioned first.  
(1) Business risks  
- Sanitary crisis 
- Information and cybersecurity systems 
- Geographic presence and economic and political environment  
- Crisis management 
- Data 
- Market and Innovation 
- Business ethics 
- Evolution of sales channels 
- Human Resources risk 
- Product quality and safety 
- Safety of people and property 
(2) Industrial and environmental risks  
- Product availability 
- Climate change 
- Environment and safety 
(3) Legal and regulatory risks 
- Risk of non-conformity 
- Intellectual property: trademarks, designs & models, domain names, patents 
- Product claims 
(4) Financial and market risks  
- Inflation and currency risk 
- Risk on financial equity interests 
- Risk relating to the impairment of intangible assets

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
Risks relating to the Notes 
In assessing the materiality of each risk below, the Issuer has considered the probability of its occurrence and the 
magnitude of its impact. The risk factors have been presented in a limited number of categories depending on their 
nature. The risks which the Issuer considers to be the most material are set out first in each category, with the 
remaining risk factors in each category set out in descending order of materiality. 
1 
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
1.1 
Economic and financial Risks 
1.1.1 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer, as described in Condition 4 (Status and Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions, benefitting from no 
direct recourse to any assets or guarantees, the Noteholders can only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any 
amount due under the Notes. The Issuer has been assigned a long-term credit rating Aa1 (stable outlook) by Moody's 
and AA (stable outlook) by S&P and the value of the Notes will depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the 
level of such credit rating (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the Issuer described above). If the financial 
situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential adverse impact on the Noteholders could be very significant because 
(i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, (ii) the market value of 
the Notes may decrease, in particular if the credit rating deteriorates, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their 
investment.  
1.1.2 
No limitation on issuing debt and guaranteeing debt 
There is no restriction in the Notes on the amount of debt which the Issuer may issue or guarantee. Subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4(b) (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions, which limit the right of the Issuer to 
grant security with respect to other debt securities, the Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates may incur additional 
indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness of third parties, including indebtedness or guarantees that 
rank pari passu with the Notes. The incurrence of any such indebtedness and the granting of guarantees may reduce 
the amount (if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up of the Issuer. 
If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse 
consequences, including loss of interest and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or not), the 
Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
1.1.3 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
which may affect their market value 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the Issuer, provided that a passporting application may be made for a period of twelve (12) 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF, for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. Nevertheless, the market value of the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors, including the value of the reference rates, yields, the time remaining to the maturity date and the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. The value of the Notes or the reference rates depends on a number of interrelated 
factors, including economic, financial and political events and factors affecting capital markets generally and 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or the stock exchanges on which the Notes or the reference rates 
are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, the 
adverse impact of this risk on the Noteholder would be very significant as a substantial part of the capital invested 
by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes. 
1.1.4 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
The Programme allows for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any other Regulated Market 
as may be agreed with the Issuer, provided that a passporting application may be made for a period of twelve (12) 
months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF, for the Notes to be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. However, Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities 
which may not be widely distributed and for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any 
particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which 
is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
 
In relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market, the 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If an active trading market 
for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected as Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that would provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
This may have a negative impact on the liquidity of the Notes and result in low trading volumes. The degree of 
liquidity of the Notes may negatively impact the price at which an investor can dispose of the Notes where the 
investor is seeking to achieve a sale within a short timeframe. In such circumstances, the impact of this risk on the 
Noteholder would be high because Notes would likely have to be resold at a discount to the nominal value of the 
Notes. Furthermore, if additional and competing products are introduced in the markets in such circumstances where 
there is no trading market for the Notes, this may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
1.1.5 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The Issuer 
will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor’s Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political events over 
which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in which 
a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. If this risk were to 
materialise, the Noteholders whose financial activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or 
currency unit other than the relevant Specified Currency could be negatively impacted. As a result, such situation 
could have a negative effect on the investors who might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at worst, 
no interest or principal. 
1.2 
Legal Risks 
1.2.1 
French insolvency law and EU Restructuring Directive 
 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that the "centre of 
main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France (which 
is the case today).  
 
According to French insolvency law (as in effect from 1 October 2021, following the implementation of Directive 
(EU) 2019/1023 by Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021), "affected parties" (including notably 
creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) may be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation 
criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class 
comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of economic interest based on objective 
and ascertainable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan(s) in a separate 
assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on the proposed plan(s). Instead, as 
any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into classes of affected parties (with potentially other 
creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden through the positive vote of the class(s) to which they 
belong or by a cross-class cram down sanctioned by the court. Although it is likely that Noteholders would be grouped 
within the same class for the purpose of proceedings affecting the Issuer, it cannot be ruled out entirely that 
Noteholders would be grouped into different classes based on objective and ascertainable criteria that would then 
prevail.   
 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
 
significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to 
recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.  
 
1.2.2 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
Subject to the provisions of the Final Terms, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interest generally to be adopted either through a general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by 
consent following a written consultation (the "Written Decisions"). The Terms and Conditions permit in certain 
cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote (or were not 
represented) at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority or 
Noteholders who did not consent to a Written Decision. Noteholders may be asked to decide on any proposal relating 
to the modification of the Terms and Conditions by way of Collective Decisions, as more fully described in Condition 
11 (Representation of Noteholders). 
It should be noted that Condition 11(g) (Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce) allows 
the Issuer to (i) change its corporate object or corporate form, (ii) proceed with a merger or demerger relating to an 
intra-group reorganisation within the current group perimeter or (iii) issue bonds benefiting from a security interest 
(sûreté réelle) subject to Condition 4(b) (Negative Pledge), without being required to seek the approval of the 
Noteholders. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be obtained on 
any such matters which may affect their interests generally. 
While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Terms and Conditions will need to be amended by way of a 
Collective Decision during the life of the Notes, if it were necessary it is possible that a majority of Noteholders 
could adopt a Collective Decision that would modify the Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit 
the rights of the Noteholders, for example by waiving certain rights temporarily or permanently or by amending the 
financial conditions of the Notes and reducing their yield for Noteholders. These amendments could in turn have the 
effect of reducing the market value of the Notes and therefore have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders 
who could lose a part of their investment in the Notes. 
  
2 
Risks relating to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Risks 
2.1.1 
Interest Rate Risk on Fixed Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Fixed Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 5(a) 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)). Investment in Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest ("Fixed Rate Notes") involves 
the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid in the Fixed Rate Notes, this may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of such Note or a given period of time, the market interest 
rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, the price 
of the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate increases, 
the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately 
the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note typically increases, 
until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. Movements of the Market 
Interest Rate are hard to anticipate and can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market. 
Movements in the Market Interest Rate could have a very significant impact on the Noteholders as selling the Notes 
during a period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes could cause the Noteholders to 
lose part of the capital they had invested. This risk is exacerbated by the fact that the Market Interest Rate typically 
varies on a daily basis, as mentioned above.   
 
2.1.2 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance the rate of return on Floating Rate Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Floating Rate Notes to Noteholders (see Condition 
5(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes)). A key difference between Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of interest 
("Floating Rate Notes") and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
The floating rate of interest is comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may 
be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will 
be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months 
or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market 
value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. 
 
If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment 
risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the 
relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
 
2.1.3 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue Notes ("Fixed/Floating Rate Notes") with a fixed rate of interest 
that is later converted to a floating rate of interest and vice versa (see Condition 5(c) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)). 
The Fixed/Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or upon decision of the Issuer at a date (the 
"Conversion Date") specified in the Final Terms, can be converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate. The (automatic or optional) conversion may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes as it can lead to a reduction of the total borrowing costs. If a fixed rate is converted into a floating 
rate, the rate spread between the fixed rate and the floating rate may be less in favour than the rate spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes that have the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate may be, at any 
time, lower than the interest rates of other Notes. If a floating rate is converted into a fixed rate, the fixed rate may 
be lower than the rate(s) applicable to such Notes previously. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
2.1.4 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes") pursuant to Condition 
5(d) (Zero Coupon Notes). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. 
If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same 
maturity. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
 
2.1.5 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
 
The relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes could specify, pursuant to Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) (Screen 
Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes), that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference 
to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Euro Constant Maturity Swap rate ("EUR CMS") and other 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks".  
 
Such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised 
calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
significant adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
 
For instance, in 2019, the method of determination of EURIBOR was changed by its administrator, the European 
Money Markets Institute. Because of the change in method, historical trends with respect to EURIBOR may not be 
indicative of trends that might apply on the basis of the new determination method. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"), in particular, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark (such as EURIBOR or EUR CMS), especially if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Notwithstanding the provisions 
of Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (Benchmark discontinuation) which seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders 
such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
 
This may cause these benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain 
benchmarks (including EURIBOR and EUR CMS): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in 
whole or in part) upon, a "benchmark". 
 
 
2.1.6 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"  
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) provides for 
certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate 
(such as EURIBOR or EUR CMS) or other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may 
be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or 
otherwise.  
 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation 
of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of 
the Noteholders. 
 
In certain circumstances, and as specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(3) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes), including (i) where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, (ii) due to uncertainty 
relating to the availability of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) if the Issuer is unable 
to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an Independent Adviser is appointed, but such Independent Adviser is unable 
to act, the fallback rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time. In such a scenario, alternative fallback rules 
may be applied, resulting in the rate of interest for such Interest Period being based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms), as set out in the risk factor entitled 
"The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks" above.  
 
 
 
 
 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or a very limited trading history and accordingly its general 
evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. 
In addition, given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor or alternative rates and the involvement of 
an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Original Reference Rate. 
 
Any Adjustment Spread applied to any Series of Floating Rate Notes may not adequately compensate for this impact. 
Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
and any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder. This could have quite an adverse impact on the 
rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Floating 
Rate Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the Original Reference Rate may find their hedges to be 
ineffective, and they may incur costs in unwinding such hedges and replacing them with instruments tied to the 
successor or alternative rate. 
 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any such Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" because the occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result 
in a loss of a portion of the principal amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
 
2.2 
Early Redemption Risks 
2.2.1 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for taxation reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes or Coupons 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may 
redeem in whole but not in part the outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons). Such early redemption would be at the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes, which in almost all cases 
would be their principal amount, together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Whilst it is not 
possible to anticipate the likelihood of any change requiring the Issuer to be obliged to increase the amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Additional Amounts), nor whether the Issuer would exercise its early redemption option 
as a result, any such exercise may have a very significant impact on the Noteholders. As a result of such early 
redemption the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes 
may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a result, part of the capital invested 
by the Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such circumstances would not receive the total amount of 
the capital invested. 
2.2.2 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue 
of Notes, could cause the yield received by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer including 
a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer as described in Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), a 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer as described in Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option by the 
Issuer), a Clean-Up Call Option as described in Condition 6(f) (Clean-Up Call Option), an Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer as described in Condition 6(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or an 
Acquisition Event Call Option as described in Condition 6(h) (Acquisition Event Call Option). As a result and only 
in the event that the Issuer decided to exercise any of the above options activated in the relevant Final Terms, the 
yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redemption price of the Notes may be lower 
than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. Such circumstances would have a material adverse 
effect on the Noteholders given that part of the capital they invested may be lost. In such situation, the Noteholders 
would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. Furthermore, investors that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes. 
The above factors mean that the very existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could 
limit the market value of such Notes.  
In addition, if a Residual Maturity Call Option (in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Residual Maturity Call Option 
by the Issuer)), is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant 
to the Optional Make-whole Redemption (in accordance with Condition 6(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer)) before the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the 
calculation of the Optional Make-whole Redemption Amount in respect of the Optional Make-whole Redemption 
will be calculated by reference to the relevant Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date and, for the avoidance of doubt, the last remaining scheduled payment of interest shall be deemed to 
fall on the Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (rather than the relevant Maturity Date) which would result in 
a reduced rate of return on the Notes than a Noteholder would have otherwise received pursuant to the Optional 
Make-whole Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for Series of Notes 
where a Residual Maturity Call Option has not been specified. Such circumstances could have a material adverse 
impact on the Noteholders.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
 
With respect to the Clean-Up Call Option (Condition 6(f) (Clean-Up Call Option)), there is no obligation on the 
Issuer to inform investors if and when the Minimum Percentage (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) has been 
reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior 
to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option the Notes may have been trading 
significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or lower than expected returns. Such 
situation could have a significant adverse effect on the Noteholders. 
Moreover, if an Acquisition Event Call Option (Condition 6(h) (Acquisition Event Call Option)) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the probability and risks related to the non-consummation of the proposed 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) may depend on a variety of factors, 
including (but not limited to) securing competition, foreign investment and other regulatory approvals, obtaining 
consents from commercial counterparties or creditors of the Acquisition Target, completing required employee 
consultation procedures and the implementation of the Issuer's strategy with respect to the particular Acquisition 
Target, some of which will be outside of the control of the Issuer. Should the completion of the proposed acquisition 
of the Acquisition Target not be completed within the Acquisition Notice Period, the Issuer will have the right (but 
not the obligation) to exercise the Acquisition Event Call Option at the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms) and in such case Noteholders would not receive the total return expected to 
receive on the Notes. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an Acquisition Event 
Call Option may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Conversely, if the 
proposed acquisition of the Acquisition Target is not consummated, and the Issuer determines not to redeem the 
Notes, the Notes will remain outstanding as obligations of the Issuer and the Acquisition Target will not be a member 
of the Group. The existence of these early redemption options in a particular Series of Notes could limit the market 
value of such Notes. 
2.2.3 
An early redemption of part of Notes of a Series may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in 
respect of which such option is not exercised 
In the case of Materialised Notes, depending on the number of Materialised Notes of the same Series in respect of 
which a partial redemption is made, or, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, depending on the proportion of the 
principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, at the option of the Issuer provided in Conditions 6(d) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer) or 6(g) (Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer) or, depending on the number 
of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a Put Option is exercised, at the option of the Noteholders provided 
in Condition 6(i) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders), any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect 
of which such option is not exercised may become less liquid or illiquid which, depending on the extent of the 
illiquidity, may have a direct and material adverse impact on any remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their 
Notes. In addition, Noteholders may not be able to reinvest the moneys they receive upon such early redemption in 
securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections identified in the cross-reference 
table below of the following documents (see hyperlinks in blue), which have been previously published filed with 
the AMF: 
(a) 
the French language press release of the Issuer dated 19 April 2023 relating to the Issuer's quarterly 
financial information at 31 March 2023 (the "Quarterly Information Press Release at 31 March 2023");  
(b) 
the Issuer's 2022 universal registration document (document d'enregistrement universel 2022) in the 
French language filed with the AMF under registration N° D. 23-0098, dated 16 March 2023 (the "2022 
Universal Registration Document"); and 
(c) 
the Issuer's 2021 universal registration document (document d'enregistrement universel 2021) in the 
French language filed with the AMF under registration N° D. 22-0118, dated 17 March 2022 (the "2021 
Universal Registration Document"). 
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in 
a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information contained in the documents incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
is either not relevant for the investor or is covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, 
"Not Applicable" in the cross-reference table below means that the information is not relevant for the purposes of 
Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus Regulation, as 
amended (the "Annex"). 
The documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.loreal-finance.com) and are available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). This Base Prospectus 
and any supplement thereto will also be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). Non-official 
English translations of (i) the 2022 Universal Registration Document, (ii) the 2021 Universal Registration Document 
and (iii) the Quarterly Information Press Release at 31 March 2023 are available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.loreal-finance.com). These documents are available for information purposes only and are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding versions are the French language versions filed with the AMF. 
The information on the website of the Issuer (www.loreal-finance.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The following tables cross-reference the pages of this Base Prospectus to the documents incorporated by reference 
with the main heading required under the Annex. 
Rule 
Annex 7 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980, as amended 
Quarterly Information 
Press Release 
 at 31 March 2023  
 
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
 
(page number) 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
(page number) 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the 
material risks that are 
specific to the issuer and 
that may affect the issuer's 
ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the 
securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a 
section headed "Risk 
Factors". 
 
 
141 to 150

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
 
In each category the most 
material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, 
offeror or person asking 
for admission to trading 
on a regulated market, 
taking into account the 
negative impact on the 
issuer and the probability 
of their occurrence, shall 
be set out first. The risk 
factors shall be 
corroborated by the 
content of the registration 
document. 
4 
INFORMATION 
ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
4.1 
History and development 
of the Issuer 
 
25 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial 
name of the issuer 
 
346 
 
4.1.2 
The place of registration 
of the issuer, its 
registration number and 
legal entity identifier 
('LEI'). 
 
346 
 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation 
and the length of life of 
the issuer, except where 
the period is indefinite. 
 
346 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal 
form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which 
the issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, 
the address, telephone 
number of its registered 
office (or principal place 
of business if different 
from its registered office) 
and website of the issuer, 
if any, with a disclaimer 
that the information on the 
website does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus 
unless that information is 
incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus. 
 
Fourth cover page and 
346 
 
4.1.5 
Any recent events 
particular to the issuer and 
which are to a material 
extent relevant to an 
evaluation of the issuer's 
solvency. 
 
Not Applicable 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the 
issuer's principal activities 
stating the main categories 
3 to 5 
14 to 19

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
 
of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
5.1.2 
The basis for any 
statements made by the 
issuer regarding its 
competitive position. 
 
20 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL 
STRUCTURE 
 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a 
group, a brief description 
of the group and the 
issuer's position within the 
group. This may be in the 
form of, or accompanied 
by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if 
this helps to clarify the 
structure. 
 
50 and 339 
 
6.2 
If the Issuer is dependent 
upon other entities within 
the group, this must be 
clearly stated together 
with an explanation of this 
dependence. 
 
Not Applicable 
 
7 
TREND 
INFORMATION 
 
 
 
7.1 
A description of: 
(a) any material adverse 
change in the 
prospects of the 
issuer since the date 
of its last published 
audited financial 
statements; and 
(b) any significant 
change in the 
financial performance 
of the group since the 
end of the last 
financial period for 
which financial 
information has been 
published to the date 
of the registration 
document. 
If neither of the above are 
applicable then the issuer 
should include (an) 
appropriate negative 
statement(s). 
 
45 
 
8 
PROFIT FORECASTS 
OR ESTIMATES 
 
Not Applicable 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, AND 
SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
 
 
 
9.1 
Names, 
business 
addresses and functions 
within the issuer of the 
 
9 to 12 and 63 to 71

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
 
following persons and 
an indication of the 
principal 
activities 
performed 
by 
them 
outside of that issuer 
where 
these 
are 
significant with respect 
to that issuer: 
(a) 
members of the 
administrative, 
management 
or 
supervisory 
bodies; and 
(b) 
partners 
with 
unlimited 
liability, in the 
case of a limited 
partnership with 
a share capital. 
9.2 
Administrative, 
management, and 
supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests. 
 
Potential conflicts of 
interests between any 
duties to the issuer, of the 
persons referred to in item 
9.1, and their private 
interests and or other 
duties must be clearly 
stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, 
a statement to that effect 
must be made. 
 
55 and 62 
 
10 
MAJOR 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the 
issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or 
indirectly owned or 
controlled and by whom 
and describe the nature of 
such control and describe 
the measures in place to 
ensure that such control is 
not abused. 
 
9 and 350 
 
10.2 
A description of any 
arrangements, known to 
the issuer, the operation of 
which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in 
control of the issuer. 
 
Not Applicable 
 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION 
AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial 
information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial 
information covering the 
latest two financial years 
(at least 24 months) or 
such shorter period as the 
issuer has been in 
operation and the audit 
report in respect of each 
year. 
 
253 to 316 
283 to 346 
11.1.2 
Change of accounting 
reference date.  
 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards. 
 
 
260 
291 and 292 
11.1.4 
Where the audited 
financial information is 
prepared according to 
national accounting 
standards, the financial 
information must include 
at least the following:  
 
(a) the balance sheet;  
 
(b) the income statement;  
 
(c) the accounting policies 
and explanatory notes.  
 
 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial 
statements 
If the issuer prepares both 
stand-alone and 
consolidated financial 
statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial 
statements in the 
registration document. 
 
253 to 309 
283 to 339 
11.1.6 
Age of financial 
information 
The balance sheet date of 
the last year of audited 
financial information may 
not be older than 18 
months from the date of 
the registration document 
 
313 
343 
11.2 
Auditing of historical 
financial information 
 
 
 
11.2.1 
A statement that the 
historical annual financial 
information has been 
audited. 
 
313 to 316 
343 to 346 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the 
historical financial 
information have been 
refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, 
 
Not Applicable  
Not Applicable

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
 
modifications of opinion, 
disclaimers or an emphasis 
of matter, the reason must 
be given, and such 
qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers 
or emphasis of matter 
must be reproduced in full. 
11.2.2 
Indication of other 
information in the 
registration document 
which has been audited by 
the auditors. 
 
 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.2.3  
Where financial 
information in the 
registration document is 
not extracted from the 
issuer’s audited financial 
statements state the source 
of the data and state that 
the data is not audited. 
 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration 
proceedings 
 
 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any 
governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings 
(including any such 
proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), 
during a period covering 
at least the previous 12 
months which may have 
or have had in the recent 
past significant effects on 
the Issuer and/or group's 
financial position or 
profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative 
statement. 
 
148 and 149; 304 to 306 
165 and 166; 334 to 336 
11.4 
Significant changes in 
the Issuer’s financial 
position 
 
 
 
11.4.1 
A description of any 
significant change in the 
financial position of the 
group which has occurred 
since the end of the last 
financial period for which 
either audited financial 
information or interim 
financial information have 
been published, or provide 
an appropriate negative 
statement 
6 
43-45 
Not Applicable 
12 
MATERIAL 
CONTRACTS 
 
 
12.1 
A brief summary of all 
material contracts that are 
not entered into in the 
 
Not Applicable

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
 
ordinary course of the 
issuer’s business, which 
could result in any group 
member being under an 
obligation or entitlement 
that is material to the 
issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations to security 
holders in respect of the 
securities being issued.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, 
the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
a further Base Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus as required by 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, 
as amended, and shall supply the Dealers with electronic copies of such amendment or supplement hereto or 
further Base Prospectus upon request. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the term of the Programme there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained, or 
incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose 
inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of allowing an investor for 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes, and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the 
Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent admission to trading on a regulated market, and shall 
supply the Dealers with electronic copies of such amendment or supplement hereto or replacement Base 
Prospectus upon request.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 9 May 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms (as defined below), shall be applicable to the Notes. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents 
of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions (as defined below) will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by L'Oréal (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest, issue price and nominal 
amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the Final 
Terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). 
An agency agreement dated 9 May 2023 (the "Agency Agreement") has been agreed between the Issuer and Société 
Générale as fiscal agent, paying agent and calculation agent for the purpose of these Conditions (except Condition 
6(g)) (the "Fiscal Agent", "Paying Agent" and the "Calculation Agent") and a make-whole calculation agency 
agreement (the "Make-whole Calculation Agency Agreement") dated 9 May 2023 has been agreed between the 
Issuer and Aether Financial Services as make-whole calculation agent for the purpose of Condition 6(g) only (the 
"Make-whole Calculation Agent") (which expressions shall, where the context so admits, include any successor for 
the time being as fiscal agent, paying agent, calculation agent or make-whole calculation agent, as the case may be). 
 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
1. 
Definitions and interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series. Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions. 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series. Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 
2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to 
hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of 
the Euroclear System ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
"Amortisation Yield" means the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) used to calculate the Amortised Face 
Amount of a Zero Coupon Note, in accordance with the provisions of in Condition 6(b)(i). 
"Amortised Face Amount" means the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6(b)(i). 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means, for the purposes of determining any interest amount:

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for 
such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a "T2 Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and if one or more Business Centres are specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s); and/or 
(iv) 
if one or more Business Centres are specified in the relevant Final Terms but no currency is indicated, 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in each of the Business Centres; 
"Call Option" means any option of the Issuer as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 6(d). 
"Collective Decision" has the meaning given in Condition 11(a). 
"Coupon" has the meaning given in Condition 2(a)(ii). 
"Couponholder" means any bearer of any Coupon. 
"day" or "days" mean a calendar day. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period of 
time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest 
Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual -– ISDA" or "Actual-365 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of calendar days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Interest Period). If the Interest Period is of a duration of 
more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last calendar day 
of the Interest Period; and 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period is divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where:

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (FBF)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Interest Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of calendar days elapsed 
during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising 12 months of 30 days, subject to the 
following exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Interest Period is the last calendar day of the month of February, the 
number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
1 
 
360 
x [(yy2 – yy1) x 360 + (mm2 – mm1) x 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) – Min (dd1 , 
30)]

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(x) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year. 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but excluding 
the next Determination Date.  
"Early Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Conditions 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f) or 6(i) (all if applicable), which shall be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(b).  
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Electronic Consent" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(f).  
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or have adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty on European Union, as amended. 
"Event of Default" means any of the events described in Condition 10. 
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments as supplemented by the relevant FBF Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques), as 
amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
 
"FBF Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 5(b)(iii)(B).  
"Final Terms" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Notes, the final terms of that Series or Tranche of Notes. 
"Financial Debt" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c). 
"Fixed Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a fixed rate. 
"Floating Rate Note" means any Note bearing interest at a variable rate. 
"General Meeting" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d). 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole for the time being. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as being payable on the 
Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination for that 
period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in London for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the 
day falling two (2) T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is euro. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Intra-Group Reorganisation" means any merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) of the Issuer made in the context 
of an intra-group reorganisation within the current Group perimeter. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor). 
"ISDA Definitions" means either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable under the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Rate" has the meaning given in Condition 5(b)(iii)(A). 
"Issue Date" in respect of any Notes means the date of issuance of such Notes, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Margin" means the percentage per annum indicated as such in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be. 
"Masse" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any one time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which, in the last audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer published at that time, accounts for at least 15 per cent. of the Group's consolidated 
total revenues. 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means the amount payable in respect of any Note upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Conditions 6(d) or 6(i) which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Put Option" means any option of the Noteholders as may be provided in the relevant Final Terms in accordance 
with Condition 6(i). 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or EUR CMS, the principal Euro-zone office 
of, respectively, four or five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be either EURIBOR or 
EUR CMS (or any successor or replacement rate), subject as provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5). 
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the EEA, as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended. 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes 
due, or if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused the date on which payment in full of 
the amount outstanding is made, or in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on 
which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
"Relevant Debt" means any present or future indebtedness for borrowed monies of the Issuer in the form of, or 
represented by, bonds (obligations) which are or are capable of being listed or traded on a regulated securities market 
(marché réglementé). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Representative" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(a). 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to a company, any other company controlled by that company within the meaning 
of article L. 233-3 I of the French Code de commerce. 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system. 
"Talon" has the meaning given in Condition 2(a)(ii). 
"Universal Registration Document" means the universal registration document (Document d'enregistrement 
universel) which the Issuer publishes on its website on an annual basis in relation to its latest audited consolidated 
financial statements. 
"Written Decision means a Written Majority Decision or a Written Unanimous Decision. 
"Written Majority Decision" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d). 
"Written Majority Decision Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(f)(ii). 
"Written Unanimous Decision" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d). 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions, unless a contrary indication appears: 
The terms "Noteholder", "holder of Notes" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" mean (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Coupons, or Talon relating to it. 
The term "outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those which 
have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption in 
accordance with these Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such 
Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable under Condition 5 after such date) have been duly

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
 
paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), 
(ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to the account of the Noteholder 
as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for 
payment against presentation and surrender of Materialised Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed under Condition 9, (d) those 
which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, and(e) in the case of Materialised Notes 
(i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement 
Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and 
without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global 
Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to 
its provisions. 
References to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment 
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, Amortised Face Amounts, Acquisition Call Redemption Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
"interest" and/or "other revenues" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable 
pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" and/or "other 
revenues" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et 
seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) 
will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au 
porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") 
acting as central depository, which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as 
defined below), or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer 
(the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with 
the provisions of Article L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any 
time request from the central depositary the following identification information of the 
holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur): the name or the company 
name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case 
may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of them and any 
restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") and, where appropriate, a talon 
(the "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references 
to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable.  
In these Conditions, if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached 
to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
 
references to Talons. If Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
attached to the Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, references to Coupons, Couponholders, Talons and holders of Talons 
are not applicable to Dematerialised Notes.  
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and 
are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination") save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency at the issue date or such 
other higher amount as may be required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as 
defined below)).  
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Issuer or the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised Notes"), shall pass by 
delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
(as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person 
shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
3. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
 
made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any 
such conversion shall be effected at the cost of the relevant Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
Status and Negative Pledge 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject as provided in 
Condition 4(b) below) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory 
under French law) equally and rateably with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remain 
outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, pledge, 
lien, charge or any other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) on any of its present or future 
assets or revenues to secure any Relevant Debt or any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any 
Relevant Debt unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes (i) 
are equally and rateably secured therewith or (ii) are given the benefit of any mortgage, pledge, 
lien, charge or any other form of security interest (sûreté réelle) as shall be approved by a decision 
of the Masse of the Noteholders.  
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(g). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 5(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant 
Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day 
Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination, 
FBF Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Linear Interpolation shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a 
rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 
ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(a) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
the "Designated Maturity" is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(2) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(a) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;  
(c) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(d) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest 
Commencement Date; 
(3) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(a) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied  
(b) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any 
specified Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
 
Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating 
Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions the reference to 
"Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition 
of 
"Temporary 
Non-Publication 
Fallback 
– 
Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and 
"Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, and 
(2) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Calculation Agent" (Agent), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the 
meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor 
means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page 
EURIBOR01, as more fully described in the relevant Final Terms. Investors 
should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the FBF Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination-IBOR" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), be either: 
(a) 
the offered quotation; or 
(b) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (1)(a) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or, if sub-paragraph (1)(b) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum), if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(3) 
If paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may 
be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent and the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the 
Euro zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(4) 
Notwithstanding the Conditions 5(b)(iii)(C)(1) to 5(b)(iii)(C)(3), where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as 
being the EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5), be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant 
maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen page "ICESWAP2" 
under the heading "EURIBOR Basis", as at 11.00 a.m. Frankfurt time, 
in the case of the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00 on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
In the event that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of 
at least three Reference Banks for EUR CMS relating to the relevant 
maturity (in each case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate 
commencing two T2 Business Days following the relevant Interest 
Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such provided quotations. 
If fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, the Reference Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
 
(5) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs, in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
(as defined hereafter) at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any 
Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to 
be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, as well as any Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (if any), needed to preserve the 
economic balance of the Notes, all in accordance with the provisions 
below. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5) shall act in good faith as an independent adviser with 
appropriate expertise and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iii)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant 
Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of any 
Adjustment Spread by the Independent Adviser (i) shall not 
affect the application, with respect to a particular Interest 
Period, of the Margin specified as applicable to such Interest 
Period in the Final Terms and (ii) shall only be made, in 
accordance with customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets, to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders. 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread 
is determined in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) 
and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions 
of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen 
Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments"), 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice.  
 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(iv), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
of the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to 
this provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(b)(iii)(C) will 
continue to apply to such determination, provided that such 
fallbacks may in certain circumstances lead to apply the Rate 
of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), mutatis mutandis, 
on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5) (and, 
until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C), will continue to apply). 
 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula 
or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, 
or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate.  
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, 
an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period (if there is such a 
customary market usage at such time) and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published; or 
b) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months 
prior to the specified date in (b)(i); or 
c) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
d) the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified 
date, 
be 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date in (d)(i); or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
 
e) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means 
the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six (6) months; or 
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); or 
g) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or 
h) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that, in the 
view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method 
of calculation has significantly changed.  
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as amended. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(b)(iii)(C)(5)(i). 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark 
Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser will determine, among those successor or 
replacement rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking 
into consideration, without limitation, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes.  
(D) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate 
(where Screen Rate Determination-IBOR is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as applicable; which term shall include, for the purposes of this paragraph, the 
relevant Alternative Rate or the relevant Successor Rate, to the extent and as 
applicable), or the relevant Floating Rate (where ISDA Determination or FBF 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable) one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if no 
rate is available for a period of time immediately inferior or, as the case may be, 
immediately superior than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Applicable Maturity" means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, (b) in relation to FBF 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Floating Rate, and (c) in 
relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity.  
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Except as provided under Condition 5(e), Zero Coupon Notes do not bear 
interest.  
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised 
Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at a rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(b)(i)).

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts, and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates 
of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (b) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, 
Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country/ies of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of any Note 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Specified 
Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amounts, 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts: The Calculation Agent or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent 
or the Make-whole Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest 
Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Acquisition Call 
Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, Acquisition Call Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent or any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules applied to such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the second Business Day after such determination.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become 
due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect 
of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of 
each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-
whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as an agent for the Issuer or 
the Noteholders. The Make-whole Calculation Agent (acting in such capacity) shall not have any 
relationship of agency or trust with, and, to the extent permitted by law, shall incur no liability 
against the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent and Make-whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall 
at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or one Make-whole Calculation Agent if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where 
more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its 
respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and subject to the provisions of 
Condition 5(b)(iii)(C)(5), if the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Instalment Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Acquisition Call Redemption Amount or Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid and notice of any such change of 
Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 
each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced 
by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until 
the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its 
nominal amount (the "Final Redemption Amount") or, in the case of a Note falling 
within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount which shall be equal to the 
nominal value of such Note remaining outstanding at such time.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount, the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount, 
or the principal amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Conditions 6(c), 6(d), 
6(e), 6(f), 6(g), 6(h) or 6(i) (all if applicable) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the 
relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to 
their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount, the Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount, or the principal amount, as the case may be, payable in respect of any 
such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f), 6(g), 
6(h) or 6(i) (all if applicable) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
or the Acquisition Call Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such 
Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall 
have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after 
judgement) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount, or the principal amount, as the case may be, payable in 
respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f) or 6(i) (all if applicable) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10, shall be the Final Redemption 
Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:  
(i) 
If, by reason of a change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as 
specified in Condition 8 below, and provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if the Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than 
fifteen (15) days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
accordance with Condition 14 redeem, in whole but not in part, the outstanding Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) together with any 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption provided that the due date for redemption 
of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable 
Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment in respect of the Notes or Coupons 
be prevented by French law or regulation from making payment to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking 
to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 below, and provided that this cannot 
be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not 
more than forty-five (45) nor less than seven (7) days' prior irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes 
then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on the latest practicable 
Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable 
in respect of the Notes or Coupons without withholding or deduction for French taxes, or, 
if such date is past, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If "Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-five 
(45) days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem, in whole or, if so provided, in part, the outstanding Notes on 
any Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with 
interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or 
exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option by the Issuer: If "Residual Maturity Call Option" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, at its option, from and including the 
Initial Residual Maturity Call Option Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), to but 
excluding the Maturity Date, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than 
fifteen (15) days prior notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem, in whole but not in 
part, the outstanding Notes at the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued up to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
Clean-Up Call Option: If "Clean-Up Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Issuer may, at any time, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-
five (45) days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes for the time being outstanding, 
if, immediately prior to the date that such notice is given, Notes representing an aggregate amount 
equal to or exceeding the Minimum Percentage (as specified in the relevant Final Terms, being a 
percentage of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series (including, for the avoidance of doubt 
any Notes which have been consolidated and form a single Series therewith)) shall have been 
redeemed or purchased (and subsequently cancelled) by the Issuer other than by way of a 
redemption at the option of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(g). Any such redemption 
shall be at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above) together with 
interest accrued up to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. All Notes in respect of which 
any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with 
this Condition.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If "Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and having given not 
less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-five (45) days' notice in accordance with Condition 14 to 
the Noteholders and to the Fiscal Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time 
prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the "Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date") at the 
Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as described below) together with any interest 
accrued up to (but excluding) the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
The "Optional Make-Whole Redemption Amount" will be calculated by the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent and will be an amount in the relevant currency rounded to the nearest cent (half 
a cent being rounded upwards) being the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes 
so redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values on the Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Date of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes until the 
Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis of the interest rate applicable to such Note 
from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Date to, but excluding, the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date), not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Optional Make Whole Redemption Date, 
discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date to the Optional Make-Whole Redemption Date 
(with principal repayment considered to occur on the Relevant Redemption Date) on an annual 
basis using the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 1 and as further specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
14. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(g): 
"Early Redemption Margin" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Rate" means the average of the four (4) quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Benchmark Security (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth Business Day preceding the Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). If the Reference Benchmark 
Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the circumstances, at 11.00 a.m. 
(Central European time (CET)) on the fourth Business Day preceding the Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the Early Redemption Rate plus the Early Redemption 
Margin. 
"Reference Benchmark Security" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealers" means each of the four banks (that may include the Dealers) selected by the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent which are primary European government security dealers, and their 
respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Redemption Date" means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Initial Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date, if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the issuer of the Reference 
Benchmark Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining 
term of the Notes. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. The Make-whole Calculation Agent shall act as an

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
independent expert and not as an agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders. The Make-whole 
Calculation Agent (acting in such capacity) shall not have any relationship of agency or trust with, 
and, to the extent permitted by law, shall incur no liability against the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent 
or the Paying Agent. 
(h) 
Acquisition Event Call Option: If "Acquisition Event Call Option" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and an Acquisition Event (as defined below) occurs, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-five (45) days' irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 within the Acquisition Notice Period 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem in whole (but not in part only) the Notes of the 
relevant Series then outstanding at the relevant Acquisition Call Redemption Amount (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) together, if appropriate, with any interest accrued up to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 6(h). 
Concurrently with the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(h), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders a certificate indicating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and certifying that an Acquisition Event has occurred. 
An "Acquisition Event" shall have occurred if on or prior to the Acquisition Completion Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Issuer has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms); or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: If "Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of any Noteholder, upon such Noteholder giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty-five (45) days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Note(s) of such 
Noteholder on the Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) selected by 
such Noteholder in the relevant Exercise Notice (as defined below) at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 6(b) above)) together with interest accrued to such Optional Redemption 
Date. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office 
during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the 
form obtained during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the 
case may be, within the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have 
attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Principal Paying Agent specified in the 
Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(j) 
Provision relating to partial redemption: If only some of the Notes of a Series are to be redeemed 
or subject to the exercise of an Issuer's option, on such date (i) in the case of Materialised Notes, 
the number of Materialised Notes to be redeemed shall be drawn by the Fiscal Agent in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market 
requirements and, where applicable, the Issuer shall be entitled to send representatives to attend 
such drawing and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, such partial redemption shall be made 
by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the 
applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the 
Notes. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at its sole option, be held or 
cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Notes will be cancelled, in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global 
Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating 
to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. To the extent that the 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer will inform Euronext about such 
cancellation. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, 
be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in 
the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case 
may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable 
in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in such currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, 
in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are 
denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes 
in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal 
or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or 
agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Registration Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Make-whole Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency 
or trust for or with any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registration 
Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent and to appoint additional 
or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s) and a Make-whole Calculation Agent where the Conditions so 
require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including 
Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and in such other city so long 
as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market), (iv) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as 
may be required by any other Stock Exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) 
above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes provide that the 
relevant Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes, 
Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal 
so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Optional Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 9 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(ii) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due 
date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only 
against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable 
on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Definitive Materialised 
Note.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
The provisions of paragraph (i) of this Condition 7(f) notwithstanding, if any Note should 
be issued with a maturity date and Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the presentation for 
payment of any such Notes without all unmatured Coupons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to be deducted in respect 
of such missing unmatured Coupons would be greater than the Redemption Amount 
otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any such Note, such 
missing unmatured Coupons shall become void (and no payment shall be made in respect 
thereof) as shall be required so that, upon application of such paragraph (i) in respect of 
such Coupons as have not so become void, the amount required by such paragraph (i) to 
be deducted would not be greater than the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or the Optional Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, otherwise due for payment (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupons 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due). Where the application 
of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of such missing unmatured Coupons 
relating to a Note to become void, the relevant Paying Agent shall determine which 
missing unmatured Coupons (or proportion thereof) are to become void, and shall select 
for such purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on 
earlier dates. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and 
if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have 
become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business 
day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment 
in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained 
with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in 
the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the 
case of a payment in Euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If pursuant to French laws or regulations, payments of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon become subject to deduction or withholding in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, the Issuer shall, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as 
may be necessary in order that the holder of each Note or Coupon, after such deduction or 
withholding, will receive the full amount then due and payable thereon in the absence of such 
deduction or withholding; provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such 
additional amounts in respect of any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
Other Connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or  
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes presented for payment more than thirty (30) days after the Relevant 
Date, except to the extent that the Noteholder or the Couponholder, as the case may be, 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or 
before such thirtieth (30th) calendar day of such time period. 
(c) 
FATCA Withholding: The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required 
by the rules of U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or 
successor provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement, or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with those provisions, or pursuant to any agreement 
with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of the Noteholder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary (that is not an agent of the Issuer) not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. The Issuer shall not be liable for, or otherwise obliged to 
pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any paying agent or any other 
party. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
any amount of principal of, or interest on, any Note is not paid on the due date thereof and such 
default is not remedied within a period of fifteen (15) days from such due date; or 
(b) 
in the event that any other obligation of the Issuer under the Notes is not complied with or performed 
within a period of forty-five (45) days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent of written notice of such 
default given by the Representative; or  
(c) 
(i) any other financial indebtedness for borrowed monies (a "Financial Debt") of the Issuer or any 
of its Material Subsidiaries becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a 
default thereunder, or (ii) any Financial Debt of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is not 
paid when due after allowing for any applicable grace period; provided that no Event of Default 
will occur under this Condition 10 if (x) the aggregate amount of the Financial Debt in respect of 
which one or more of the events described above have occurred is less than Euro 200,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies), or (y) the Issuer is disputing in good faith that such Financial 
Debt is due and payable before a competent court or by other appropriate proceedings, or (z) the 
claim alleging that such Financial Debt is due and payable is withdrawn, dismissed or stayed within 
ninety (90) calendar days from the date on which the relevant Financial Debt was first alleged to 
have become or be due and payable; or 
(d) 
the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its Financial Debt or a 
judgement is rendered for its judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a transfer of the 
whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer; 
then the Representative may, by notice in writing to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, if so instructed by a 
Collective Decision, before all continuing Events of Default shall have been remedied, cause the Notes to 
become immediately due and payable whereupon such Notes shall become immediately due and payable 
without further formality at their principal amount together with any accrued interest thereon until their 
actual redemption date.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of a Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of articles L.228-
46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality of the Masse 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed. Collective Decisions in relation to the appointment or replacement of the 
Representative shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or (ii) 
by unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written 
Unanimous Decision"), or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 
66 2/3 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation 
(the "Written Majority Decision").  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or 
more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to 
be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a simple majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 11(k) not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on 
second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a 
representative at the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at 
the General Meeting, the Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L. 228-64 of the 
French Code de commerce, designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been 
appointed. 
(f) 
Written Decisions 
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions.  
(i) 
Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders. 
Approval of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L. 
228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Notices seeking the 
approval of a Written Unanimous Decision are not required to comply with the conditions 
of form and time limits set by the French Code de commerce. Any such decision shall, 
for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document, or 
in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
(ii) 
Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will be published as provided 
under Condition 11(k) no less than fifteen (15) days prior to the date fixed for the passing 
of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). Notices 
seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of form 
and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing their 
approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake not to 
dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least 66 2/3 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a 
Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written 
Majority Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a 
General Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained 
in one document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one 
or more of the Noteholders, and shall be published in accordance with Condition 11(k). 
(g) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of: 
(i) 
Article L. 228-65 I. 1° (providing for the prior approval of the general meeting of 
noteholders for any change in corporate object or corporate form of an issuer) and the 
related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes, and will 
not require a prior approval by a Collective Decision, with respect to (i) any change in the 
corporate form of the Issuer and (ii) any change in the corporate object clause of the 
articles of association (statuts) of the Issuer as disclosed on the website of the Issuer 
(www.loreal-finance.com) and quoted in the 2022 Universal Registration Document,  
(ii) 
Article L. 228-65 I. 3° (providing for the prior approval of the general meeting of 
noteholders in relation to any proposal within the legal perimeter of the merger (fusion) 
or demerger (scission) of an issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L. 236-13 and L. 
236-18 of the French Code de commerce) and the related provisions of the French Code 
de commerce shall not apply to the Notes, and will not require a prior approval by a 
Collective Decision, in the context of an Intra-Group Reorganisation of the Issuer, and 
(iii) 
Article L. 228-65 I. 4° (providing for the prior approval of the general meeting for an 
issue of bonds benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle)) shall not apply to the 
Notes.  
(h) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may 
be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(i) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13 
(Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. 
(j) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse and the Representative by the provisions of 
the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole 
Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of 
any of the Notes of such Series.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
 
(k) 
Notices for the purpose of this Condition 11 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be published on 
the website of the Issuer (www.loreal-finance.com) and,  
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominative), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant Notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared; and 
(iii) 
so long as such Notes are listed on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such 
Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published on the website of the relevant 
Regulated Market, or as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. 
Any decision to proceed with a transaction, notwithstanding the failure to obtain Noteholders' 
approval, as contemplated by Article L. 228-72 of the French Code de commerce will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(k). Any Noteholder will then have the right 
to request redemption of its Notes at par within thirty (30) days of the date of notification, in which 
case the Issuer shall redeem such Noteholder within thirty (30) days of the Noteholder's request for 
redemption. 
If a merger (fusion) or a demerger (scission) which is not an Intra-Group Reorganisation is 
contemplated by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to submit the proposal for approval by 
a Collective Decision of the Masse or to offer redemption at par to Noteholders pursuant to Article 
L. 236-13 of the French Code de commerce (subject to Condition 11(g)). Such redemption offer 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). If the Masse does not 
approve the merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) proposal, any decision to proceed with the 
transaction pursuant to Article L. 228-73 of the French Code de commerce will be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11(k). 
In this Condition 11, the expression "outstanding" does not include the Notes subscribed or purchased by 
the Issuer in accordance with applicable laws which are held by the Issuer and not cancelled. 
12. 
Replacement of Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time 
to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen 
or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and 
the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the nominal amount thereof, 
the issue price and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of 
such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 14(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which 
case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe; provided that, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) 
shall be valid if published in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe and so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to 
such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long 
as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as 
otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of 
Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) (au nominatif ou au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication required by Conditions 14 (a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as such Notes are 
listed on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, 
notices shall also be published on the website of the Issuer (www.loreal-finance.com) and the 
website of the relevant Regulated Market, or as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that 
Regulated Market, as the case may be.  
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 14 shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any dispute related to the Notes, Coupons and/or Talons will be submitted to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Commercial Court of Paris, provided that, if the Chambre 
Internationale du Tribunal de Commerce de Paris has jurisdiction, the Issuer agrees to submit any 
such dispute to such Chambre of the court.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with 
a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged 
(if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that has not already been paid on the 
Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed in accordance with 
any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the calendar day falling after the expiry of 
forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such day pursuant to Condition 13, the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed 
to the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer either:  
- 
for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds. 
If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the use of proceeds 
allocated, in whole or in part, for the purpose of the acquisition will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. The Final 
Terms will also state the potential use for general corporate purposes if the Acquisition Event occurs but the Issuer 
elects not to use its call option following an Acquisition Event.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
The description of the Issuer set out in the 2022 Universal Registration Document has been incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference").

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
On 3 April 2023, the Issuer published the following press release:  
 
"L’Oréal announced today that it has signed an agreement with Natura &Co to acquire Aēsop, the Australian 
luxury beauty brand. 
 
The proposed transaction values Aēsop at an enterprise value of USD 2.525 billion. 
 
Created in 1987, Aēsop is world widely renowned for its skin, hair and body products. With its signature amber 
packaging, plant-based ingredients, sustainable vegan formulations, and its bespoke customer service, Aēsop has 
evolved into a global super brand available across luxury retail, beauty, and hospitality locations around the world. 
 
Aēsop currently operates around 400 points of sale across the Americas, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and Asia, 
with a nascent footprint in China where the first store opened in 2022. 
 
The brand posted sales of USD 537 million in 2022. 
 
Nicolas Hieronimus, Chief Executive Officer, L’Oréal Groupe, said, "I am very excited to welcome Aēsop and its 
teams to the L’Oréal Groupe family. Aēsop is the epitome of avant-garde beauty, whose products are not only made 
with great care and exceptional attention to detail; they are a superb combination of urbanity, hedonism and 
undeniable luxury. Aēsop taps into all of today’s ascending currents and L’Oréal will contribute to unleash its 
massive growth potential, notably in China and Travel retail." 
 
Commenting on the acquisition, Cyril Chapuy, President of L’Oréal Luxe, added, "My Team and I are thrilled to 
have Aēsop join the L’Oréal Luxe portfolio of iconic global brands. Aēsop holds a very unique positioning on the 
global luxury beauty market thanks to its design led brand essence, its highly efficacious and sensorial products as 
well as its customer-obsessed retail philosophy. We look forward to welcoming Aēsop’s CEO Michael O’Keeffe and 
his experienced and passionate teams to continue to grow together the brand’s remarkable potential, by carrying on 
cultivating its uniqueness and its values. We have great confidence that Aēsop will join the L’Oréal Luxe Billionaire 
brands club and therefore contribute significantly to the growth of the Division in the years to come." 
 
Fábio Barbosa, Chief Executive Officer of Natura &Co, said: "The divestment of Aēsop marks a new development 
cycle for Natura &Co. With a strengthened financial structure and a deleveraged balance sheet, Natura &Co, 
exercizing strict financial discipline, will be able to sharpen its focus on its strategic priorities, notably our 
investment plan in Latin America. We will also be able to concentrate on continuing to improve The Body Shop’s 
business and refocusing Avon International’s footprint. We are proud of the remarkable success of the Aēsop brand, 
and we are extremely grateful to all Aēsop’s associates, who contributed immensely not only to Aēsop’s success, but 
also to making Natura &Co what it is today. We are confident that Aēsop’s growth story will continue under the 
ownership of L’Oréal and wish Aēsop continued success in this new chapter." 
 
The closing is subject to certain regulatory approvals and other customary conditions." 
 
On 20 April 2023, the Issuer published the following press release: 
 
"L'Oréal fund for nature regeneration accelerates biodiversity preservation efforts with three new investments 
 
High-impact projects tackle biodiversity loss through reforestation and the restoration of ecosystems 
 
Ahead of Earth Day, L’Oréal today announced three new recipients of its Fund for Nature Regeneration. NetZero, 
ReforesTerra and Mangroves.Now were chosen for their innovative approaches to carbon capture in soils, 
reforestation and mangrove restoration, and for their potential to have a far-reaching, positive impact on the 
environment and local communities.  
 
According to the COP151 , one million species are already threatened with extinction and 75% of the earth’s surface 
has been significantly altered. With the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) calling for more global 
cooperation in biodiversity preservation efforts2 , L’Oréal is accelerating its longstanding commitment to biodiversity 
beyond its own value chain. Through the fund, which has committed EUR22 million in projects to-date, L’Oréal is

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
engaging with partners with proven expertise to support in the regeneration of degraded lands and mangroves, as 
well as the restoration of marine areas and forests.  
 
The latest projects were selected following due diligence and based on key criteria including business model 
readiness, economic viability, and positive environmental and social impacts:  
 
NetZero is a French climate venture operating in tropical areas such as Cameroon and Brazil, that specializes in 
longterm carbon removal from the atmosphere by turning agricultural residues into biochar. Biochar is a stable, 
nonpolluting carbon that can be added to improve degraded soil. It is recognized by the IPCC as a viable solution 
with the potential to remove one-to-two billion tons of CO2 emissions from the planet’s atmosphere each year.  
 
ReforesTerra aims to restore 2,000 hectares of land degraded by pastures – one of the greatest challenges facing the 
Amazon. The project will engage with smallholder farmers to directly plant new trees and create a favorable 
environment for natural regeneration in the lower Rio Jamari basin of Rondônia, covering 75 per cent of the project 
area. The remaining 25 per cent will benefit from strategic planting in small clusters that attracts wildlife to naturally 
propagate new forests. This project is one of the largest Afforestation, Reforestation and Revegetation (ARR) projects 
in Brazil.  
 
Mangroves.Now will facilitate community-based mangrove restoration projects in South Asian countries such as 
Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka. This region has been the most affected by mangrove deforestation in the last thirty 
years. Mangroves.Now will provide access to financing for small-scale projects with local NGOs. The aim is to 
restore approximately 20,000 hectares of previously degraded land and provide equitable benefit-sharing with local 
communities.  
 
“At L’Oréal Groupe, our environmental duty goes beyond our business. It is our responsibility to address today’s 
most pressing challenges, like the erosion of biodiversity and its social and ecological impact,” said Rachel Barré, 
Environmental Leadership Director, L’Oréal Groupe. “The L’Oréal Fund for Nature Regeneration is an important 
vehicle in our efforts towards a more sustainable future for all. With the new projects signed, our aim is to help 
restore the planet’s biodiversity and preserve its abundant ecosystems.”  
 
“Our vision for value creation is one where financial performance and environmental and socio-economic impact 
are inextricably linked,” said Muriel Atias, Chief Investment Officer, L’Oréal Groupe. “The L’Oréal Fund for Nature 
Regeneration is a catalyst for sustainable value creation through private capital, enabling the acceleration of 
environmental solutions with long-term benefit. Through our impact investing strategy, we can play an important 
role in tackling biodiversity loss with expert local partners.”  
 
The L’Oréal Fund for Nature Regeneration was created in 2020 and is endowed with EUR 50 million for impact 
investment. In 2021, L’Oréal announced the first two recipients of funds: the Real Wild Estates Company (RWEC), 
the UK’s first rewilding business; and RIZE carbon financing, which helps accelerate France’s farming sector 
towards sustainable practices. The fund is managed by Mirova Natural Capital, a subsidiary of Natixis Investment 
Managers, one of the pioneers in natural capital investment." 
 
 
On 21 April 2023, the Issuer published the following press release: 
 
"Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors' Meeting of 21 April 2023 
 
 Renewal of the term of office as Directors of Ms Sophie Bellon and Ms Fabienne Dulac 
 Dividend of €6.00 per share, increased by +25% 
 Speech by Ms Alexandra Palt, Chief Corporate Responsibility Officer and CEO of the Fondation L’Oréal, 
on L'Oréal for the Future, the Group's Sustainable Development Policy with a focus on climate strategy 
 
The L’Oréal Annual General Meeting took place today in Paris, under the chairmanship of Mr Jean-Paul Agon, 
Chairman of the Board of Directors. The General Meeting was livestreamed on the Company’s website. 
 
The Annual General Meeting adopted all the proposed resolutions, and in particular:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
 
• 
decided on the distribution of a dividend of €6.00 per share. This dividend is increased to €6.60 for shares 
that have been continuously held in the registered form since 31 December 2020 at the latest and until the 
ex-dividend date, i.e. Wednesday 26 April 2023, for a payment date, Friday 28 April 2023; 
 
• 
renewed the term of office as Directors of Ms Sophie Bellon and Ms Fabienne Dulac for a four-year term. 
 
Mr Jean-Paul Agon invited the shareholders to the 2024 Annual General Meeting on 23 April 2024. 
 
The results of the votes and the webcast of the Annual General Meeting are available on the www.loreal-finance.com  
website."

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
EEA PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.  
UK PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes are eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in EU MiFID II) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]1 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 
2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products][capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Excluded][Specified] 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).] 
 
 
 
 
1    The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance 
legend or where both are included.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
 
L'Oréal  
 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer: 529900JI1GG6F7RKVI53 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Series No.: [] 
Tranche No.: [] 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 May 2023 which received approval no. 23-147 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") in France on 9 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented].  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus] and the Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.loreal-finance.com).  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) Series Number: 
[       ] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[       ] 
(iii) Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the existing [insert issue amount] Notes due [insert 
maturity date] issued by the Issuer on [insert issue 
date]/the Issue Date] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[       ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
[       ] 
(i) Series: 
[       ] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[       ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[       ] (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[       ] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[       ] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR/EUR CMS] +/– [•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any change of interest basis occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 12 and 13 below and identify 
there] 
10. Put/Call Options: 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Call Option] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-Up Call Option] 
[Optional Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Acquisition Event Call Option] 
[Put Option] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. Date of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes: 
[    ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 5(a)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[s] of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
(ii) Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[     ] in each year  
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[s]: 
[   ] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Broken Amount[s]: 
[   ] per Specified Denomination, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ] [Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 1(a))): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) Determination Dates 
(Condition 1(a)): 
[   ] in each year (Insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))[Not Applicable] 
13. Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(Condition 5(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period[s]: 
[   ] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[[   ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (iv) below] / 
[not subject to any adjustment] 
(iii) First Interest Period Date: 
[      ] 
(iv) Business Day Convention 
(Condition 5(b)): 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(v) Business Centre[s] (Condition 
1(a)): 
[    ] (Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payments to which 
item 22 relates) 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate[s] 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined: 
[ISDA Determination/FBF Determination/Screen Rate 
Determination-IBOR/Linear Interpolation] 
 
(vii) Interest Period Dates: 
[Not Applicable/Specify dates] 
(viii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate[s] of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount[s] (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[      ] 
(ix)    ISDA Determination: 
 
        –  
ISDA Definitions 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[●] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(x)    FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
         – Floating Rate: 
[       ] 
         – Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[       ] 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination-
IBOR: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
– Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ EUR CMS]   
– Relevant Financial Centre: 
[       ]   
– Interest Determination Date: 
[       ]   
– Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
[       ]   
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate)       
(xii)   Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
– Applicable Maturity: 
[       ] 
(xiii) Margin[s]: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[Zero /[•]] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 1(a)): 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
14. Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(Conditions 5(d) and 6(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)     [Amortisation] Yield: 
[       ] per cent. per annum 
(ii)     Day Count Fraction in 
relation to Early Redemption: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (FBF)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/Actual (FBF)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[30/360], [360/360] or [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] or [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (FBF)] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. Call Option (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date[s]: 
[       ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[[       ] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) 
applies] 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Specified Denomination 
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Specified Denomination

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
 
16. Residual Maturity Call 
Option (Condition 6(e)) 
 
(i) 
Initial Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[    ] 
        (ii) Notice period: 
 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days 
 
17. Clean-Up Call Option (Condition 
6(f)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Minimum Percentage:  
[       ] per cent. 
(ii) Notice period: 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
18. Optional Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer 
(Condition 6(g)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Early Redemption Margin: 
[       ] per cent. 
(ii) Reference Benchmark 
Security: 
[       ]  
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[       ]/[As per Conditions] 
(iv)   Make-whole Calculation 
Agent: 
[       ]  
19. Acquisition Event Call Option 
(Condition 6(h)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)   Acquisition Target: 
[       ]  
(ii)  Acquisition Completion Date: 
[       ]  
(iii)  Acquisition Call Redemption 
Amount: 
[       ] per Specified Denomination  
(iv)  Acquisition Notice Period: 
The period from [[] / [the Issue Date]] to 
[[]/the Acquisition Completion Date]] 
20. Put Option (Condition 6(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 (i) Optional Redemption Date[s]: 
[       ] 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount[s] of each Note: 
[[       ] per Specified Denomination]/[Condition 6(b) 
applies] 
(iii) Notice period: 
 
 
[As per Conditions] /[not less than [●] days nor more than 
[●] days] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. Form of Notes: 
 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form) [Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If applicable, specify 
whether bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) / 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif administré) / 
fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)) 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/If Applicable, give name and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent may be appointed in 
relation to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [•] (the 
"Exchange Date"), being forty (40) calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
 
 
22. Financial Centre[s] (Condition 
7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item refers to 
the date and place of payment and not interest period end 
dates to which item 13(v) relates) 
23. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature) (Condition 7(f)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes) 
[The Materialised Notes provide that the relevant Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of 
those Notes] 
[The Materialised Notes provide that upon the due date for 
redemption of any such Materialised Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them.] 
24. Details relating to Instalment Notes 
(Condition 6(a)):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(i) Instalment Amount[s]: 
[       ]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Instalment Date[s]: 
[       ] 
 
(iii) Minimum Instalment 
Amount: 
[       ] 
 
(iv) Maximum Instalment           
Amount: 
[       ] 
25. Representation 
of 
Noteholder(s)/Masse 
Condition 11 applies. 
[Insert below details of Representative and alternate 
Representative and remuneration, if any:  
Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●]]  
[The Representative will be entitled to a remuneration of [●] 
per year/The Representative will not be entitled to a 
remuneration] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned by law to the 
Representative and the general meeting of the Noteholders. 
A Representative will be appointed as soon as the Notes are 
held by several Noteholders.] 
26. 
Possibility to request identification 
information of the 
Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 2(a)(i): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for the admission to trading on the [specify relevant 
regulated market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of L'Oréal.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and Admission to trading 1: 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes issued to be listed and 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [other] with effect 
from [  ].]   
 
[  ] 
 
 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The Notes to be issued [are expected to be/have been] rated:  
[S&P: [       ]] 
[Moody's: [       ]] 
[[Other]: [       ]] 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the European 
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), and is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is [not] established in the 
European Union [nor has/and has not] applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")[.][, but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency] which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).]. 
 
[[The rating [insert credit rating agency] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
 
1 
Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original securities are already admitted to trading.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] 
 
[[Insert credit rating agency] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)]  
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings.]  
 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interests, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 1) 
"Save as discussed for any fees payable to the Managers and Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests) 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, [USE OF PROCEEDS] AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[                          ] 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer are different from the ["Use of Proceeds"] 
wording of the Base Prospectus, will need to include those 
reasons here. If an Acquisition Event Call Option is specified 
as being applicable, specify (i) the use of proceeds, in whole 
or in part, for acquisition consideration and (ii) the potential 
use for general corporate purposes if the Acquisition Event 
occurs but the Issuer elects not to use the Acquisition Event 
Call Option.)]   
 
 [(ii)] Estimated net proceeds 
[       ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]  
 
1 
When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute "significant new factors" 
and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
 
6 
 [Floating Rate Notes only - HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/EUR CMS] [replicate other as specified in the Conditions] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the 
details of performance].] 
 
7 
[Notes Linked to a Benchmark only – BENCHMARK 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [•] which is provided by [name of 
administrator]. As at [date],[name of administrator] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation").]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]/[On [•], [•] appears in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) ISIN: 
[       ] [until the Exchange Date, [       ]  thereafter] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[       ] [until the Exchange Date, [       ]  thereafter] 
(iii) Depositaries: 
Euroclear France to act as Central Depositary 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream  
(iv) Any clearing system[s] other than Euroclear 
and Clearstream and the relevant identification 
number[s]: 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [ and 
address(es)]] 
(v) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vi) Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent[s] 
(vii) Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent[s] (if any): 
(viii) The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the rate 
of [currency] [       ] per Euro 1.00, producing a 
sum of: 
[       ] 
 
[       ] 
 
[Not Applicable/Euro [       ]] (Only applicable for 
Notes not denominated in Euro) 
 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) Method of distribution 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[syndicated/non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
 
(iii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager[s] (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) Applicable TEFRA Category: 
[TEFRA 
C 
applies 
to 
the 
Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA D applies to the Materialised 
Notes/TEFRA not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
OVERVIEW OF DEALER AGREEMENT 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a dealer agreement dated 9 May 2023 (the "Dealer 
Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas as Arranger and Permanent Dealer and Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Natixis and Société Générale as Permanent Dealers, the Notes will be offered 
on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell 
Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder.  
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor 
regulation issued under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code") section 4701(b) that 
contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "D Rules") unless 
(i) the relevant Final Terms state that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical 
to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes 
are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as 
a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. TEFRA will not apply to Dematerialised Notes. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver 
the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
calendar days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche (the "distribution compliance 
period") within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of 
Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering of such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the 
following:  
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or both) of the following:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014, as amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; and 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Additional United Kingdom Selling Restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as referred to in Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation, and it has only distributed or caused

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
 
to be distributed, and will only distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes in France to such qualified investors; 
and  
(ii) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act") 
and agrees or will agree, as the case may be, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to other for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, 
save as set out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in 
an offer to the public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all 
Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute 
copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(ii) in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions 
applies, as provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) made by an investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended, 
Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other 
applicable laws and regulations;   
(b) in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in 
the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 
2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
any other Italian authority. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of any invitation for

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute this Base 
Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined under Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) 
of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
 
then securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:  
 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
This Base Prospectus received the approval no. 23-147 on 9 May 2023 from the AMF.  
The Base Prospectus shall be valid for admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market for twelve (12) 
months after the approval by the AMF, until 9 May 2024 provided that it is completed by one or more 
supplements, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including information 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such 
date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer and of the quality of the Notes which are subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange or which will be listed or admitted to trading on such Regulated 
Market as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
2 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 529900JI1GG6F7RKVI53.  
3 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Republic of France in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme. 
For this purpose, on 21 April 2023, the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer has 
authorised for a duration of one year from 21 April 2023, the issue of Notes up to an aggregate nominal amount 
of €5,000,000,000.  
4 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, to the extent known by the Issuer, there are no potential conflicts of 
interests between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer 
to the Issuer and their private interests and other duties.  
5 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of Issuer or the Group since 31 March 2023, and no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
6 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or the Group's 
financial position or profitability. 
7 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not entered into contracts outside the ordinary course 
of business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
8 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that are forward-looking 
including statements with respect to the Issuer's and the Group's business strategies, expansion and growth of 
operations, trends in the business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, 
information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include 
the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate" or similar expressions. Such forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual 
results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. 
Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only 
as of the date hereof. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
9 
Application may be made for the Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France and/or Euroclear 
and Clearstream. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire 75009 Paris, France, the address of Euroclear is 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream is 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent.  
If the Notes are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
10 
Ernst & Young Audit and Deloitte & Associés are the statutory auditors of the Issuer.  
Ernst & Young Audit and Deloitte & Associés have audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ended 31 December 2022. Ernst & Young 
Audit and Deloitte & Associés are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members of the Compagnie 
Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre) and regulated by the Haut Conseil du 
Commissariat aux Comptes.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Deloitte & Associés have audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report 
on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Deloitte & Associés are registered as Commissaires aux Comptes (members 
of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre) and regulated by the 
Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes.  
Since 21 April 2022, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit are no longer statutory auditors to the Issuer.  
11 
The following documents:  
(i) 
the articles of association (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; and  
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference, including: 
a. 
the Issuer's 2022 universal registration document (document d'enregistrement universel 2022) in the 
French language filed with the AMF under registration N° D.23-0098, dated 16 March 2023;  
b. 
the Issuer's 2021 universal registration document (document d'enregistrement universel 2021) in the 
French language filed with the AMF under registration N° D.22-0118, dated 17 March 2022; and 
c. 
the Quarterly Information Press Release at 31 March 2023 in the French language, 
 can be inspected on the website of the Issuer (www.loreal-finance.com).  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus are available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
Non-official English translations of (i) the 2022 Universal Registration Document, (ii) the 2021 Universal 
Registration Document and (iii) the Quarterly Information Press Release at 31 March 2023 are available on the 
website of the Issuer (www.loreal-finance.com). These documents are available for information purposes only 
and are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding versions are the French 
language versions filed with the AMF. 
The Agency Agreement will be available for inspection during usual business hours on any week day except 
Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays at the primary business office of the Issuer.  
12 
Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and the information in such 
websites does not form any part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the Base Prospectus. 
13 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price and the rate of interest applicable to the 
Notes. It is not an indication of future yield. The yield of the relevant Notes, if applicable, will be stated in the 
Final Terms of the Notes. 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to Reference Rates including 
EURIBOR or EUR CMS which are respectively provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI")

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
 
with respect to EURIBOR and by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE") with respect to EUR 
CMS. The EMMI has been authorised as regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and appears on the public register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. ICE has been authorised as a 
regulated benchmark administrator pursuant to Article 34 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended, the "UK BMR") and appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR. As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
ICE is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant benchmark, the 
relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register referred to above or in the 
FCA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. 
 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK BMR is a matter 
of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base 
Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
14 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) 
(the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or any person acting for the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the relevant 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of thirty (30) days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and sixty (60) 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
15 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. Where there is a lending relationship between the Issuer and one or 
several Dealers, it cannot be excluded that all or part of the proceeds of an issue of Notes be used to repay or 
reimburse all or part of such loans. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistently with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term "affiliate" also includes parent 
companies. 
Potential conflicts of interests may arise between the Calculation Agent, the Make-whole Calculation Agent, if 
any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations 
and judgments that such Calculation Agent or Make-whole Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
16 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro" 
or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which was 
introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom, references to "¥", "Yen", "yen" and "Japanese Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, 
references to the "U.S." and the "United States" are to the United States of America and references to "U.S.$" 
and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
 
 
L'Oréal 
14 rue Royale 
75008 Paris 
France 
Duly represented by Christophe Babule, Chief Financial Officer  
(Directeur Général Administration et Finances) 
signed in Paris 
dated 9 May 2023 
 
 
Autorité des marches financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval should not be considered as a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the suitability of investing in 
such Notes. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 9 May 2023 and is valid until 9 May 2024 and shall during this period, 
in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies.  
The Base Prospectus has been given the following approval number: 23-147.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
L'Oréal 
14 rue Royale 
75008, Paris 
France 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
 
Dealers 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 92 547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
 
Natixis  
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
Tour EST 
BP4 
75060 Paris Cedex 02 
France   
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France     
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and  
Calculation Agent 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France 
 
Make-whole Calculation Agent 
Aether Financial Services  
36 rue de Monceau  
75008 Paris France 
 
Statutory Auditors 
Deloitte & Associés  
6, Place de la Pyramide 
92908 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
 
Ernst & Young Audit  
Tour First  
1-2 Place des Saisons 92400 Courbevoie 
Paris La Défense 1  
France

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
in respect of French law 
To the Dealers 
in respect of French law 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
1 rue d’Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
75008 Paris 
France