--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 14 MARCH 2025 
 
 
 
L S LIMITED 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended), with 
registered number 144329) 
 
CRYPTO COLLATERALISED EXCHANGE TRADED SECURITIES PROGRAMME 
Words and expressions not defined in this section shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus. 
What is this document? 
This document is a Base Prospectus issued in respect of ETP Securities issued by L S Limited (the “Issuer”). 
It is important that a prospective investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Base Prospectus 
before making any investment in the ETP Securities. 
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issue of Series of ETP Securities which are limited recourse debt 
securities of the Issuer.  The ETP Securities are intended to provide investors with a leveraged, inverse 
leveraged or an unleveraged long (+1x) exposure to the price of certain digital currencies by entering into 
futures contracts linked to such digital currencies. 
All Series of ETP Securities are secured on the cash and relevant Reference Assets held in an account with 
one or more futures clearing merchants (“FCMs”) appointed by the Issuer, in accordance with the relevant 
LS FCM Agreement. 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle, established for the issue of the ETP Securities. 
The ETP Securities can be subscribed for or redeemed by Authorised Participants.  All other investors may 
buy and sell the ETP Securities on Relevant Stock Exchanges on which such ETP Securities are traded or 
listed. 
What is this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to 
the Issuer and the ETP Securities to enable them to make an informed assessment of: (i) the assets and 
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer; and (ii) the rights attaching to the 
ETP Securities. 
The rights attaching to the ETP Securities are contained in the Terms and Conditions set out in the section 
of this Base Prospectus headed “Terms and Conditions of the ETP Securities”. Also set out in this Base 
Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, risk factors relating to an investment in the ETP 
Securities, the key parties to the Programme and the terms of any material contracts of the Issuer. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus is available at www.leverageshares.com.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
General 
The Issuer alone has been responsible for the formulation and structuring of this Base Prospectus and the 
terms hereof and for the custody and security arrangements relating to the ETP Securities. The Trustee 
expresses no views on the adequacy, suitability and enforceability thereof and accepts no responsibility for 
such matters and shall have no liability to any person for any loss suffered or incurred by any person by 
reason of investing in, or otherwise, relating to the ETP Securities. 
Arranger 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
This table sets out the contents of this Base Prospectus together with an outline description of the 
contents of each section. 
 
Section of Base Prospectus 
 
Pages  
What is covered by this section
Description of the Programme  
5 
This section provides details in 
relation to the Programme. 
 
Risk Factors 
16 
This section sets out the principal 
risks inherent in investing in ETP 
Securities. 
Important Notices 
45 
This section provides important 
notices 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
Programme. 
Economic Overview of the ETP 
Securities 
52 
This section sets out how the 
returns 
are 
generated 
with 
respect to the ETP Securities. 
 
Description of the Reference 
Assets 
 
69 
This section sets out information 
regarding the Reference Assets  
Supplements 
71 
This section sets out details in 
relation to Supplements to the 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Purpose of Final Terms 
72 
This section provides details on 
the purpose of the Final Terms. 
 
Terms and Conditions of the ETP 
Securities 
 
73 
This section sets out the detailed 
contractual terms of the ETP 
Securities. Where the Terms and 
Conditions of the ETP Securities 
indicate that an option may be 
specified in the Final Terms, the 
Final Terms will indicate which of 
these options shall apply. 
 
Form of Final Terms 
110 
This section sets out a template 
for the Final Terms to be used for 
each specific issuance of ETP 
Securities. 
 
Settlement and Clearing of ETP 
Securities 
118 
This section sets information 
regarding how the ETP Securities 
are cleared and settled. 
 
Summary of the Programme 
Documents 
119 
This section provides a summary 
of the provisions of the principal 
agreements entered into by the 
Issuer 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
Programme. 
 
Use of Proceeds 
123 
This section describes what the 
Issuer 
does 
with 
the 
issue 
proceeds of the ETP Securities.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
 
 
Description of the Investment 
Strategies 
124 
This section sets out information 
regarding 
the 
investment 
strategies. 
 
Security Arrangements 
127 
This 
section 
provides 
a 
description 
of 
the 
security 
arrangements relating to the 
Programme. 
 
The Issuer  
129 
This section provides details 
about the Issuer. 
 
The Arranger 
131 
This section provides details 
about the Arranger. 
 
The Futures Clearing Merchant 
132 
This section provides details 
about 
the 
Futures 
Clearing 
Merchants. 
 
The Determination Agent 
133 
This section provides details 
about the Determination Agent. 
 
The Broker Dealer of Record 
134 
This section provides details 
about the Broker Dealer of 
Record. 
 
The Portfolio Manager 
135 
This section providers details 
about the Portfolio Manager. 
 
Jersey Tax Considerations 
136 
This section sets out certain 
Jersey tax considerations relating 
to the ETP Securities. 
 
Swiss Tax Considerations 
 
138 
This section sets out certain 
Swiss tax considerations relating 
to the ETP Securities. 
 
Subscription and Sale 
142 
This section sets out certain 
restrictions 
as 
to 
who 
can 
purchase 
ETP 
Securities 
in 
certain jurisdictions. 
 
General Information 
145 
This section provides additional 
information 
relating 
to 
ETP 
Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the Programme and the ETP Securities does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to and qualified by the detailed information contained elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and in the 
Final Terms in respect of each Series of ETP Securities. Words and expressions not defined in this 
description shall have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Description of the Programme 
On 14 March 2025 the Issuer established a programme (the “Programme“) for the issuance of collateralised 
exchange-traded securities (“ETP Securities“) which pursue an investment strategy (the “Investment 
Strategy”). Series of ETP Securities can offer leveraged long exposure (“Leveraged Exposures”) or short 
inversed leveraged exposures (“Short Exposures”) to the price of certain digital currencies by entering into 
futures contracts linked to such digital currencies. The degree of leverage or inverse leverage will be as set 
out in the relevant Investment Strategy (the “Leverage Factor”).  
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears below: 
 
 
 
ETP SecuriƟes 
may be purchased 
or sold on any 
stock exchange on 
which they have 
been admiƩed to 
trading 
Security created 
over the 
Collateral Assets 
and rights of the 
Issuer under the 
Programme 
Documents for 
the beneﬁt of 
investors and the 
other Secured 
Creditors 
Return on ETP 
SecuriƟes 
ETP SecuriƟes
Market-
making of 
ETP SecuriƟes 
CreaƟon and 
RedempƟon 
Payments 
Opens posiƟons 
in the Reference 
Assets to pursue 
the Investment 
Strategy 
ETP Security 
issue 
proceeds 
Pro-rata 
LiquidaƟon (to fund 
ETP Security 
RedempƟons) 
First lien 
security over 
the Collateral 
Assets in the 
FCM Account 
ETP 
Security 
issue 
proceeds  
 
Security  
Documents 
Authorized 
ParƟcipant 
Agreement 
Porƞolio 
Management 
Agreement 
Agreements
Cashﬂows 
FCM Account 
Agreement 
Payment of 
Arranger Fee 
INVESTORS 
AUTHORIZED 
PARTICIPANTS 
PORTFOLIO 
MANAGER 
ISSUER (Jersey)
TRUSTEE 
ARRANGER
FUTURES 
CLEARING 
MERCHANT 
FCM ACCOUNT 
AND CASH 
ACCOUNT 
(Reference Assets 
and Cash) 
Buyer/ 
Seller of 
Futures 
Contracts 
STOCK 
EXCHANGE(S) 
Services 
Agreement

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
Parties to the Programme 
 
Issuer 
L S Limited, a limited liability company incorporated 
and registered in Jersey under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended), with registered 
number 144329. 
Arranger 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited, a 
private company limited by shares incorporated in 
Ireland with registered number 596207. 
FCM 
For each Series of ETP Securities, Interactive Brokers 
LLC and Hidden Road Partners CIS US LLC. For the 
avoidance of doubt, all FCMs shall apply to all Series 
of ETP Securities. The Portfolio Manager has the 
discretion to decide whether one or both FCMs shall 
be used with respect to a Series of ETP Securities at 
any time. 
Portfolio Manager 
Flexinvest Limited. 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited. 
Paying Agents 
The Issuer may appoint additional paying agents in 
relation to a Series of ETP Securities if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which ETP Securities 
are listed or admitted to trading. For the purposes of 
any ETP Securities that are listed on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange, the Swiss Paying Agent will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited. 
Determination Agent 
Calculation Agent Services LLC. 
Broker Dealer of Record  
GWM Limited.  
Authorised Participant(s) 
Virtu Financial Ireland Limited and any other Eligible 
Authorised Participant that has entered into an 
Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer.  
 
Only an Authorised Participant may subscribe for or 
require the Issuer to repurchase the ETP Securities 
(except in limited circumstances).  
 
The ETP Securities are to be traded on one or more 
stock exchanges (see below “Listing and admission to 
trading”). The ETP Securities may be bought and sold 
on such exchanges without the involvement of an 
Authorised Participant. 
 
“Eligible 
Authorised 
Participant” 
means 
any 
reputable bank or financial services institution, subject 
to the appropriate regulation to carry out such activity 
in: (A) the European Union; (B) Jersey; (C) the United 
Kingdom; and/or (D) any other jurisdiction that is not a 
country or territory identified as presenting higher risks 
in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial 
services business published by the JFSC  from time

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
to time. 
Details of the Authorised Participants will be available 
on the Issuer’s Website. 
 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of ETP Securities, the Issuer consents to the 
use of the Base Prospectus by any Authorised 
Participant (an “Authorised Offeror”) in connection 
with any offer of ETP Securities that is not within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a “EU 
Non-exempt Offer“) during the offer period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the “Offer Period”), in the 
relevant Member State(s), and subject to the 
applicable conditions, in each case specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods 
occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Programme  
 
Maximum number of ETP Securities  
The maximum number of ETP Securities that may be 
outstanding at any time under the Programme is 
5,000,000,000,000. 
Issuance of Series of ETP Securities 
The Issuer may issue Series of ETP Securities under 
the Programme (each a “Series”). With the exception 
of the Issuer’s obligations under the LS FCM 
Agreement, each Series of ETP Securities constitutes 
limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, secured on 
and payable solely from the assets constituting the 
Secured Property in respect of such Series. Each 
Series of ETP Securities may comprise one or more 
tranches (each, a “Tranche“).  
 
With the exception of the Issuer’s obligations under 
the LS FCM Agreement, if the net proceeds of the 
enforcement of the assets constituting the Secured 
Property for a Series of ETP Securities are not 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of such 
Series of ETP Securities (after payment of all 
obligations of the Issuer ranking senior thereto), no 
other assets of the Issuer (including the Security in 
respect of any other Series of ETP Securities) will be 
available to meet such shortfall and the claims of the 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of such Series and 
such shortfalls shall be extinguished. 
Method of issuance 
 
 
ETP Securities will be issued in Series. Each Series 
may comprise a number of different Tranches issued 
on identical terms other than the Issue Date and Issue 
Price and with the ETP Securities of each Tranche of 
a Series being interchangeable with all other ETP 
Securities of that Series. 
Continual issuance and redemption 
It is intended that the ETP Securities of each Series 
shall be subject to a continual issuance and 
redemption mechanism, under which additional ETP

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
Securities of such Series may be issued as further 
Tranches, and ETP Securities may be redeemed by 
ETP Securityholders who are Authorised Participants.
Issuer expenses 
 
Pursuant to a services agreement between the Issuer 
and the Arranger and certain of the Programme 
Documents, the Arranger has agreed to pay all fees, 
costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in relation 
to the Programme and the ETP Securities (including 
remuneration and other amounts payable to the 
Trustee and the Agents) other than:  
(a) 
the Arranger Fee;  
(b) 
amounts payable to the FCM; 
(c) 
all securities lending fees, brokerage 
fees, exposure maintenance fees 
(which include the portion attributable 
to each Series (as determined by the 
Determination Agent) of all fees, 
costs and expenses that may be 
incurred by the Issuer in entering into 
transactions or instruments, acquiring 
assets or otherwise engaging in 
activities which it considers prudent, 
appropriate or otherwise desirable for 
maintaining its access to sufficient 
leverage for the operation of the 
Programme and maintaining the 
exposure and leverage levels for the 
ETP 
Securities) 
and 
costs 
of 
transaction taxes on the sale or 
purchase of the Reference Assets 
(where relevant), including the fees 
and expenses set out in the sections 
of this Base Prospectus entitled “The 
Investment Strategies” (the “Funding 
and Brokerage Fees”); 
(d) 
any taxes, fees and other amounts 
payable to the relevant authorities; 
(e) 
the costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with the liquidation of the 
Collateral Assets. 
(f) 
any amount due or payable by way of 
principal, 
interest, 
premium 
or 
otherwise to any person under, 
pursuant to or in respect of any ETP 
Security; and  
(g) 
any 
indemnity 
or 
equivalent 
payments which the Issuer may be 
required to make to any party from 
time to time.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
Principal features of the ETP Securities 
 
Form of the ETP Securities 
The ETP Securities may be issued the form of 
uncertificated registered securities. 
Terms and Conditions of the ETP Securities 
Each Series of ETP Securities will have the terms and 
conditions set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Terms and Conditions of the ETP 
Securities” as completed by the Final Terms in respect 
of each Tranche of that Series.  
Status of ETP Securities  
The ETP Securities of each Series are secured, 
limited recourse debt obligations of the Issuer, at all 
times ranking pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves.  
 
Notwithstanding the above, there can be no 
assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in 
any jurisdiction would not recharacterise the ETP 
Securities as units in a collective investment scheme. 
Any recharacterisation of the ETP Securities as units 
in a collective investment scheme may have adverse 
consequences for an investor (including, without 
limitation, adverse tax consequences and / or a 
mandatory redemption of the ETP Securities).  
Prospective 
investors 
should 
consult 
their 
professional advisers on the implications, and in 
particular the tax and accounting implications, of 
investment in the ETP Securities. 
Issue Price 
The Issue Price in respect of each Tranche of ETP 
Securities will be set out in the Final Terms with 
respect to such Tranche. 
Principal Amount 
The Principal Amount in respect of each Tranche of 
ETP Securities will be set out in the Final Terms with 
respect to such Tranche. 
Principal Protection Amount 
An amount per ETP Security, in respect of each 
Tranche of ETP Securities, corresponding to 2.00 per 
cent of the Principal Amount for the ETP Security of 
such Tranche. 
Minimum Denomination 
The Denomination of each ETP Security is equal to its 
Principal Amount. 
Interest 
The ETP Securities will not bear interest at a 
prescribed rate. 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased 
and cancelled by the Issuer, the ETP Securities of 
each Series will become due and payable on their 
Final Redemption Settlement Date at their Final 
Redemption Amount. 
Final Redemption Settlement Date 
The Final Redemption Settlement Date in respect of a 
Series of ETP Securities will be the day that falls three 
Currency Business Days after the Final Redemption 
Date.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
Final Redemption Date 
The Final Redemption Date in respect of each Series 
of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms with respect 
to such Series.   
Final Redemption Amount 
An amount equal to the greater of: 
 
(1) 
the Principal Protection Amount of the ETP 
Security; and 
(2) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
Pro-rata Liquidation 
The Pro-rata Liquidation means an amount equal to 
the liquidation of the relevant Collateral Assets held in 
the FCM Account or Cash Account for a Series of ETP 
Securities, pro rata to the amount of ETP Securities 
being redeemed divided by the total number of ETP 
Securities for such Series, after the pro rata deduction 
of (i) all costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in 
connection with the liquidation of such Collateral 
Assets; (ii) the Arranger Fee and (iii) the Funding and 
Brokerage Fees.  
Mandatory Redemption  
The ETP Securities of a Series may fall for mandatory 
redemption prior to their Final Redemption Date at the 
Mandatory Redemption Amount if a Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurs.  
Mandatory Redemption Events 
The ETP Securities of a Series may fall for mandatory 
redemption if any of the following events occur: 
 
(1) 
if on any Valuation Date falling on or after the 
200th calendar day following a Threshold 
Event Date, the ETP Security Value is less 
than the Principal Protection Amount; 
 
(2) 
any of the Determination Agent, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio 
Manager and/or all of the Authorised 
Participants in relation to the ETP Securities 
resign their appointment or their appointment 
is terminated for any reason and no successor 
or replacement has been appointed at the 
time that such resignation or termination takes 
effect; 
 
(3) 
if the ETP Security Value in respect of the 
ETP Securities has not been published by or 
on behalf of the Issuer for 14 consecutive 
Non-Disrupted 
Valuation 
Dates 
(a 
"Publication Failure Event") and the Trustee 
is notified in writing of such Publication Failure 
Event and directed in writing by holders of at 
least a majority by number of the ETP 
Securities then outstanding of such Series or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(a copy of which has been provided to the 
Trustee) to trigger a Mandatory Redemption 
Event; 
 
(4) 
(a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
procedure or (b) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation, 
the 
Issuer 
gives 
notice 
to 
the 
ETP 
Securityholders and the Programme Parties 
that the ETP Securities of a Series are to be 
redeemed, because: 
(i) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) 
incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under such 
ETP Securities and/or the LS FCM 
Agreement; or  
(ii) 
it would become illegal for the Issuer 
to (x) hold, acquire or dispose of all of 
the types of Collateral Asset, and/or 
(y) perform its obligations under the 
ETP Securities and/or the LS FCM 
Agreement; or 
 
(5) 
the Issuer exercises its option to call all or 
some of the ETP Securities for early 
redemption. 
Mandatory Redemption Amount 
An amount per ETP Security calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to the greater of:  
(A) 
Principal Protection Amount of such ETP 
Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
Optional Redemption by ETP Securityholders 
who are Authorised Participants 
An ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised 
Participant may on any Valuation Date require the 
Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of ETP 
Securities of a Series at the Optional Redemption 
Amount on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Settlement Date by submitting to the Issuer a valid 
Redemption Order. 
Optional Redemption by ETP Securityholders 
who are not Authorised Participants 
An ETP Securityholder which is not also an Authorised 
Participant may on any Valuation Date require the 
Issuer to redeem all or any part of its holding of such 
ETP Securities at the Optional Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date 
by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order 
only if the Issuer has notified the ETP Securityholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 in respect of such 
Valuation Date that redemption requests from ETP 
Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants 
will be permitted and no later notice to the contrary has 
yet been delivered. 
Optional Redemption Amount 
 
An amount per ETP Security equal to the ETP 
Security Value. 
Investment Strategy 
Each Series of ETP Securities will be linked to an 
investment strategy specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
Terms (see the section of this Base Prospectus 
headed “Description of the Investment Strategies”). 
The Investment Strategy will describe the manner in 
which the proceeds of the issuance of the ETP 
Securities are to be invested along with any leverage 
to be employed in respect of such Investment 
Strategy. 
Where the Investment Strategy provides for a long 
exposure, any increase in the value of the Underlying 
Assets will cause an increase in the ETP Security 
Value (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and 
adjustments). 
Where the Investment Strategy provides for a short 
exposure, any decrease in the value of the Underlying 
Assets will cause an increase in the ETP Security 
Value (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and 
adjustments). 
Underlying Asset 
The digital currency referenced by an Investment 
Strategy (the “Underlying Asset”). 
Reference Assets 
 
 
The relevant futures contracts linked to an Underlying 
Asset in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, as 
specified in the Final Terms and/or Investment 
Strategy, as applicable (the “Reference Assets”). 
Collateral Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The assets of the Issuer in respect of each Series of 
ETP Securities, being: 
(a) 
the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
any cash, 
in each case as held in the FCM Account, as 
described below or in any customer segregated 
account maintained by the FCM in accordance with 
section 4(d)(a)(2) of the Commodity Exchange Act 
and  CFTC rule 1.20 (the “Cash Account” and the 
“Collateral Assets”).  
Leverage Factor 
Each Series of ETP Securities is assigned a Leverage 
Factor in the relevant Final Terms or Investment 
Strategy, as applicable.  
Events of Default  
If: 
 
(1) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum 
due in respect of a Series of ETP Securities or 
any of them for a period of 14 calendar days 
or more; 
 
(2) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with 
any one or more of its obligations (other than 
a payment obligation) under the ETP 
Securities, the Trust Deed or any other 
Programme Document, which default is 
incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
within 30 calendar days (or such longer period 
as the Trustee may permit) after notice of 
such default shall have been given to the 
Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these 
purposes, a failure to perform or comply with 
an obligation shall be deemed to be 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure 
results from not doing an act or thing by a 
particular time); 
 
(3) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs; or  
 
(4) 
an FCM Event of Default occurs in respect of 
all FCMs appointed in relation to such Series 
of ETP Securities unless the Issuer appoints 
a new FCM within 60 calendar days of such 
FCM Event of Default occurring. 
 
then the Trustee at its discretion may, or shall, if so 
directed in writing by the holders of at least a majority 
by number of the ETP Securities then outstanding or 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (a copy 
of which has been provided to the Trustee), provided 
that it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction, declare that the ETP 
Securities of such Series are immediately due and 
payable at their Final Redemption Amount. 
Limited recourse 
In respect of the ETP Securities of any Series, with the 
exception of the FCM with respect to the LS FCM 
Agreement, the Programme Parties and the ETP 
Securityholders shall have recourse only to the 
Secured Property in respect of such ETP Securities, 
subject always to the Security, and not to any other 
assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of 
the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation 
or enforcement) and application of available cash 
sums as provided in the Conditions and the Trust 
Deed, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
respect of the Secured Obligations remains unpaid, 
then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and 
no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Following the extinguishment of any such claim, with 
the exception of the FCM with respect to the LS FCM 
Agreement, none of the Programme Parties, the ETP 
Securityholders of any relevant Series or any other 
person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of 
its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers 
or directors to recover any further sum in respect of 
the extinguished claim and no debt, liability or 
obligation shall be owed to any such persons by the 
Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
 
With the exception of the FCM with respect to the LS 
FCM Agreement, none of the Programme Parties, the 
ETP Securityholders of any Series or any person 
acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, bring, 
institute or join with any other person in bringing, 
instituting or joining insolvency, administration,

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other 
similar 
proceedings 
(whether 
court-based 
or 
otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets 
(save that the Trustee may lodge a claim in the 
liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by another 
non-affiliated party or take proceedings to obtain a 
declaration as to the obligations of the Issuer and 
without limitation to the Trustee's right to enforce or 
realise the relevant Security (including by appointing 
a receiver and/or Appointee)), and none of them shall 
have any claim arising with respect to the sums, 
assets and/or property attributable to any other 
securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further 
securities which form a single Series with the ETP 
Securities). 
Governing law of ETP Securities 
Each Series of ETP Securities, the Master Trust Deed 
and the Supplemental Trust Deed relating to a Series 
of ETP Securities will each be governed by Irish law. 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application may be made for ETP Securities issued 
under this Programme to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the Italian Stock Exchange and/or SeDeX, 
Application may be made for the ETP Securities 
issued under this Programme to be admitted to listing 
and trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange.  
Application may be made for the ETP Securities 
issued under this Programme to be admitted to listing 
and trading on Nasdaq Stockholm AB. 
Selling and transfer restrictions 
There are restrictions in relation to the offering and 
sale of ETP Securities and the distribution of offering 
materials in certain jurisdictions. See the section of 
this Base Prospectus headed “Subscription and Sale”.
Portfolio Management Agreement  
Pursuant to the terms of the Flexinvest Portfolio 
Management Agreement, the Portfolio Manager shall 
ensure that the net proceeds of issuance of each 
Series of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such 
Series and on the issuance of further Tranches of 
such Series shall be used to fund the FCM Account as 
may be required to maintain positions in the 
Reference Assets in order to pursue the Investment 
Strategy for such Series. 
FCM Account 
An account established for a Series with the FCM for 
the purpose of holding the Collateral Assets.  
Investment Objective 
 
The investment objective of each Series of ETP 
Securities is to provide ETP Securityholders with a 
return generated by pursuing the Investment Strategy 
of such Series of ETP Securities. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities will be funded by the investment of the net 
proceeds of the issuance of each Tranche of such

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
Series of ETP Securities in the Reference Assets of 
the relevant Investment Strategy of such Series. 
 
The only funds available to the Issuer to pay the 
amount due in respect of the redemption of any ETP 
Security will be proceeds of the liquidation of the pro 
rata portion of the Collateral Assets (after deduction of 
all costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in 
connection with the liquidation of such Collateral 
Assets, the Arranger Fee and the Funding and 
Brokerage Fees). 
Security for the ETP Securities 
In respect of the ETP Securities of each Series, the 
Security shall be constituted by the Security 
Documents relating to such Series.  
 
Pursuant to the applicable Security Documents, the 
Issuer will create security in respect of each Series of 
ETP Securities in favour of the Trustee (for its benefit 
and the benefit of the relevant Secured Creditors) over 
(subject to the FCM’s first ranking security interest as 
described below) (i) all of the Issuer’s rights, title, 
interest and benefit present and future in, to and under 
the Programme Documents to the extent that they 
relate to the ETP Securities; (ii) all sums held now or 
in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar to meet payments due in respect 
of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the 
Security Documents and the ETP Securities, (iii) the 
Collateral Assets and any sums of money, securities, 
financial instruments or other property received or 
receivable now or in the future by or on behalf of the 
Issuer under the LS FCM Agreement, (iv) all of the 
Issuer’s rights as against the FCM in respect of any 
sum or property now or in the future standing to the 
credit of the FCM Account, the Cash Account and any 
other relevant accounts of the Issuer with the FCM 
and (v) all of the Issuer’s rights in respect of any sum 
or property now or in the future standing to the credit 
of the FCM Account and the Cash Account, in each 
case to the extent that they relate to the ETP 
Securities, in favour of the Trustee for its benefit and 
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors. 
 
The Security created in favour of the Trustee for the 
benefit of the Secured Creditors will be subordinated 
to a first ranking security interest created by the Issuer 
in favour of the FCM as security for the Issuer’s 
obligations under the LS FCM Agreement. 
Settlement and clearing 
The settlement of transactions in the ETP Securities 
of each Series will take place within the clearing 
system specified in the Final Terms for that Series 
which shall be CREST or another recognised clearing 
system.  
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
“Settlement and Clearing of ETP Securities”.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section contains a number of risk factors pertaining to the Issuer, the ETP Securities and the Issuer’s 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the ETP Securities issued under the Programme. All of these factors are 
contingencies that may or may not occur. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with ETP Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in ETP 
Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts on or in connection 
with any ETP Securities may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any ETP Securities are exhaustive. Before making an investment 
decision, prospective purchasers of ETP Securities should consider carefully, in the light of their own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere in this document and, 
in particular, the considerations set forth below in order to reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
The assessment of materiality of each risk factor is based on the Issuer’s assessment (as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus) of the probability of its occurrence and the expectation of the magnitude of its adverse 
impact which are disclosed by rating the relevant risks as low, medium or high. Prospective investors should 
note that, in practice, any risk(s) may materialise and the magnitude of the associated impact may vary 
depending on the circumstances. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category is/are presented 
first under such category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality 
or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk 
factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Words and expressions not defined in this Risk Factors section shall have the meanings given to them 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
1. Risk factors relating to the ETP Securities 
1.1 
Market price of the ETP Securities 
The ETP Securities may have a long term and the Final Redemption Date could be up to 50 years from the 
original Issue Date of the Series. Unless the Issuer permits redemption requests from ETP Securityholders 
which are not Authorised Participants. the only means through which an investor will be able to realise value 
from an ETP Security prior to its Final Redemption Settlement Date will be to sell it at its then market price in 
a secondary market transaction. 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the ETP Securities. 
Investors should note that general movements in markets and factors that affect the investor climate and 
investor sentiment may have different effects on each Series of ETP Securities. The ETP Security Value 
and/or market price of the ETP Securities may be volatile and may fall rapidly and an investor may not be 
able to sell its ETP Securities quickly and/or at a price such that the investor is able to prevent or minimise 
any loss of its investment. This may result in the ETP Securities experiencing a significantly higher degree of 
volatility compared to financial instruments exposed to the price of traditional assets. 
The market price of the ETP Securities of a Series will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not 
limited to: 
(i) 
the value of the Reference Assets (and the associated Underlying Assets) referenced by such 
Investment Strategy; 
(ii) 
the degree of leverage applicable to such Series of ETP Securities;

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
(iii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
(iv) 
whether or not any market disruption is subsisting; 
(v) 
the nature and value of any Collateral Assets relating to such Series of ETP Securities; 
(vi) 
the creditworthiness of the FCMs and the Authorised Participants; 
(vii) 
any fees or execution costs applicable to subscriptions for or redemptions of the ETP Securities; 
and 
(viii) 
the liquidity in the ETP Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the ETP Security Value and the secondary market price of the 
ETP Securities can go down as well as up throughout the term of the ETP Securities. Prospective investors 
should be aware that the ETP Security Value and market price of any ETP Securities on any Valuation Date 
may not reflect their prior or future performance. There can be no assurance as to the future value and market 
price of any ETP Securities. 
AN INVESTMENT IN ETP SECURITIES INVOLVES A SIGNIFICANT DEGREE OF RISK AND AN 
INVESTOR MAY LOSE THE VALUE OF ITS ENTIRE INVESTMENT OR PART OF IT. 
Risk Rating: High 
1.2 
Market-making by Authorised Participants 
The price (if any) provided by an Authorised Participant for the purchase or sale of ETP Securities in the 
secondary market (whether in an on-exchange or off-exchange transaction), and the number of ETP 
Securities subject to any such offer, will be determined at the absolute discretion of that Authorised Participant 
by reference to such factors as it sees fit. 
An Authorised Participant may maintain such bid/offer spread as it determines in its absolute discretion. The 
bid/offer spread is the difference between the bid price (i.e. the price at which a holder can sell ETP Securities 
to the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the price at which a holder can buy ETP Securities from 
the Authorised Participant). Any price provided by an Authorised Participant or other secondary market price 
may take into account fees (including any dealing order fees charged by the Issuer to such Authorised 
Participant), charges, duties, taxes, commissions, liquidity, market spreads and/or other factors.  
Investors should be aware that no Authorised Participant is obliged to make a market for any Series of ETP 
Securities (including any Series in respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant) and in 
circumstances where an Authorised Participant acts as market maker with respect to any Series of ETP 
Securities, such Authorised Participant may discontinue making a market at any time. Where an Authorised 
Participant discontinues making a market and there is no other liquidity in the secondary market, investors 
would be not be able to realise their investment in the ETP Securities and may be required to hold their ETP 
Securities until the Final Redemption Date.  In addition, investors should be aware that in the event that there 
is no market maker with respect to a Series of ETP Securities and there is no other liquidity in the secondary 
market, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, redeem all the ETP Securities of the relevant Series in 
accordance with the Issuer Call Redemption provisions set out at Condition 8.6. 
Prospective investors should note that: 
(i) 
not all market participants and Authorised Participants will determine the price of the ETP Securities 
of a Series in the same manner, and the variation between such valuations and prices quoted may 
be substantial; 
(ii) 
the number of ETP Securities of a Series subject to any offer made by an Authorised Participant or 
otherwise in the secondary market may be affected by market demand for the ETP Securities of that 
Series, the number of ETP Securities of that Series in issue, whether the relevant FCM has requisite 
capacity to increase the exposure under the LS FCM Agreement to the extent required for any new 
ETP Securities, whether subscriptions can be processed and prevailing market conditions;

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
(iii) 
they may not be able to sell their ETP Securities quickly, easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to other similar investments; 
(iv) 
any price at which the ETP Securities of a Series may be sold prior to the Final Redemption Date 
may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the price at which such ETP Securities were 
acquired by the relevant investor; and 
(v) 
illiquidity of the Reference Assets to which a Series of ETP Securities is exposed may have a severely 
adverse effect on the ETP Security Value. Furthermore, because a Series of ETP Securities may 
provide a leveraged or inversed leveraged exposure to a single digital currency the impact of illiquidity 
of any such digital currency – particularly during an environment with significant price fluctuations – 
is intensified due to the concentrated nature of the exposure of the ETP Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that ETP Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an 
Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for sale 
and/or sold over a period of time. Investors should not assume that ETP Securities will automatically be 
placed with investors by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) immediately upon issue. To the extent that the 
Authorised Participants hold ETP Securities at any time, they may exercise their rights under them in such 
manner as they see fit in their own interests and need not have regard to the interests of other holders of 
ETP Securities or any other person. In particular, an Authorised Participant that is a holder of ETP Securities 
may vote at any meeting of holders of such ETP Securities or approve any resolution of such holders as it 
sees fit (including with respect to any changes to the terms of the ETP Securities proposed by the Issuer). 
Risk Rating: High 
1.3 
Investment capacity risk 
The Issuer’s ability to obtain exposure to the Underlying Assets consistent with its investment objective and 
the applicable Leverage Factor may be disrupted for a number of reasons, including but not limited to, limited 
liquidity in the futures market for the Underlying Assets, a disruption to the futures market for the Underlying 
Assets, or as a result of margin requirements or position limits imposed by the FCMs, the relevant exchange, 
or the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”). If such a disruption occurs and the Issuer 
is not otherwise able to generate exposure to the Underlying Assets consistent with its investment objective 
and the applicable Leverage Factor, the Issuer would not be able to achieve its investment objective and the 
actual level of exposure to the Underlying Assets may be less than the applicable Leverage Factor. In those 
circumstances, the return on the ETP Securities may deviate significantly from investors expectations based 
on the stated investment objective of the Series.  
Risk Rating: High 
1.4 
Foreign exchange risk 
Prospective investors should be aware that if a Reference Asset of the Investment Strategy for a Series of 
ETP Securities is denominated in a currency other than the currency in which the ETP Securities are listed, 
they will be exposed to the risk that the exchange rate between those currencies moves against them. If the 
currency of denomination of the Reference Asset depreciates against the listing currency in which prospective 
investors buy the ETP Securities, such movement may impact negatively the return that they will derive from 
an investment in such Series of ETP Securities.  
Risk Rating: High 
1.5 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Issuer will satisfy its payment obligations in respect of the ETP Securities in the currency of denomination 
of the ETP Securities. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor’s Currency") other than 
the specified currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the specified currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk 
that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the specified currency would decrease (a) the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the payment payable on the ETP Securities and (b) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the ETP Securities.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less payment than 
expected and may receive no payment. 
Risk Rating: High 
1.6 
Issuer’s right to vary fees 
 
The fees that are taken into account in calculating the ETP Security Value in respect of a Series on any 
Valuation Date may be varied upon the Issuer giving notice to the ETP Securityholders. Potential investors 
should note that the Issuer is not required to consider the interests of the ETP Securityholders in making any 
such variation. Any increase in fees would negatively impact the return for ETP Securityholders. 
Risk Rating: High 
1.7 
Optional redemption 
Only Authorised Participants may deal with the Issuer in subscribing for or requiring the Issuer to redeem 
outstanding ETP Securities, save in relation to Optional Redemptions at any time following notification by the 
Issuer that redemption requests from ETP Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants will be 
permitted. 
Prospective purchasers should note that the calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount payable by the 
Issuer to an ETP Securityholder in respect of an ETP Security will take into account any amounts owing to 
the FCM as well as costs and expenses in relation to the liquidation of the relevant Collateral Assets and the 
pro rata deduction of the Arranger Fee and any other applicable Funding and Brokerage Fees. As such, the 
amount due to an ETP Securityholder in respect of each ETP Security held by it on the Optional Redemption 
Settlement Date may be less than the ETP Security Value in respect of such ETP Securities. 
The amount of any Optional Redemption is subject to the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit, being a 
maximum limit (if applicable) on the redemption number of ETP Securities of a Series on any Optional 
Redemption Pricing Date, as may be amended from time to time. 
Prospective investors should be aware that it is possible that the Maximum Daily Redemption Limit could 
cause the ETP Securities to trade at a higher premium or result in a discount to the ETP Security Value.  An 
investor who buys ETP Securities in such circumstances may incur a significant loss should market demand 
change.  Significant loss could occur even where the ETP Security Value has increased during the investor’s 
holding period.  The Maximum Daily Redemption Limit could also lead to higher trading spreads for the ETP 
Securities in the secondary market, which could increase the execution costs for an investor purchasing the 
ETP Securities in the secondary market.   
In the event that an investor is not able to immediately redeem their ETP Securities due to a breach of the 
Maximum Daily Redemption Limit, such investor will be subject to market risk (i.e. that the value of the ETP 
Securities will decline prior to redemption and therefore reduce the redemption amount).  As a result, it is 
possible that the redemption amount could be reduced due to an adverse change in the price of the 
Underlying Assets (which would consequently impact the value of the ETP Securities). 
In addition, prospective investors should be aware that if trading in the Reference Assets in respect of a 
Series of ETP Securities is suspended, any Optional Redemption would be delayed.  As a result, any 
redemption request relating to the relevant ETP Securities placed on the day upon which the relevant 
Reference Assets are suspended from trading would be delayed and such suspension from trading of the 
relevant Reference Assets could ultimately lead to a Disruption Event Redemption.  Investors would therefore 
be subject to market risk (i.e. that the value of the ETP Securities will decline prior to redemption and therefore 
reduce the redemption amount).  As a result, it is possible that the redemption amount could be reduced due 
to an adverse change in the price of the Underlying Assets (which would consequently impact the value of 
the ETP Securities). 
Risk Rating: Medium

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
1.8 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect to redeem all or some only of the ETP 
Securities of a Series. In exercising such discretion, the Issuer will have no regard to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders. In such circumstances it is possible that the ETP Securityholders may receive less, or 
substantially less, than their initial investment.  
Risk Rating: Medium 
1.9 
Mandatory Redemption Events and Events of Default  
The ETP Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Final Redemption Date, as further 
described in Conditions 8.8 and 12, in connection with the occurrence of an Event of Default (including an 
event of default with respect to the Issuer or the FCM under the LS FCM Agreement) or a Mandatory 
Redemption Event. In such circumstances it is possible that the ETP Securityholders may receive less, or 
substantially less than their initial investment. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
1.10 
Disruption events/adjustment events/change in law impacting the ETP Securities 
Any Valuation Date of a Series of ETP Securities may become subject to disruption due to occurrence of 
certain events including, without limitation: 
(i) 
any applicable Exchange fails to open for its regular trading session, or suspends or limits trading of 
any Reference Assets of an Investment Strategy, as applicable, or an event occurs that impairs 
trading or valuation on the Exchange of any Reference Assets of an Investment Strategy; 
(ii) 
the ETP Security Value falling by more than the applicable threshold; 
(iii) 
the Portfolio Manager making operational adjustments to the Investment Strategy to ensure that, so 
far as possible, the basic principles and economic effect of the Investment Strategy are maintained; 
and 
(vi) 
a change in any applicable law or regulation that causes it to become illegal for the Issuer to perform 
its duties under the LS FCM Agreement.  
The consequences of such events may include disruptions or delays to pricing of ETP Securities, the 
postponement of subscriptions for, and redemptions of, ETP Securities and adjustments to the terms of the 
ETP Securities.  Ultimately, the occurrence of any such event may trigger the mandatory redemption of the 
affected Series of ETP Securities. In this eventuality, the amount which an ETP Securityholder may receive 
in respect of each ETP Security subject to such redemption may be lower than the ETP Security Value. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
1.11  
Suspension of Trading and Termination of Listing 
Each exchange where the ETP Securities are listed, and/or their regulatory bodies may at any time, in their 
sole and absolute discretion, elect to temporarily suspend trading at the request of the Issuer or on their own 
initiative if this is deemed necessary in exceptional circumstances, in particular, in the event of suspected 
price manipulation, falsification of liquidity or criminal activity.  Each exchange where the ETP Securities are 
listed may also order a suspension in trading if the ongoing listing requirements are no longer fulfilled. 
 
If trading has been suspended for a continuous period of three months, the ETP Securities are likely to be 
delisted from the relevant exchange, unless the reasons for the suspension ceased to exist.  
 
Neither the exchanges nor any of their regulatory bodies accept liability for damage or loss incurred in 
connection with the suspension of trading and delisting. 
 
ETP Securityholders will not be able to buy or sell ETP Securities on exchanges where a suspension of 
termination of listing has occurred.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
1.12 
Restricted Investors 
The Issuer may redeem the ETP Securities if at any time the Issuer, in its sole discretion, considers that an 
ETP Securityholder is a Restricted Investor. 
Risk Rating: Medium  
1.13 
The Conditions and the Master Trust Deed contain provisions which may permit modifications 
without the consent of ETP Securityholders  
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the Conditions and the Master Trust Deed permit the Issuer to 
agree, without the consent of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders, to any adjustments, variations or 
modifications of the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any Programme Document including but not limited to any 
adjustments, variations or modifications which are made:  
 
(i) 
in connection with the accession of a new Authorised Participant to the Programme or the termination 
of the appointment of an existing Authorised Participant (including the Initial Authorised Participant); 
(ii) 
in connection with any variation of the terms of appointment of a Programme Party or Agent, the 
termination of the appointment of a Programme Party or Agent, the replacement of a Programme 
Party or Agent, the appointment of additional Programme Parties or Agents or any adjustment, 
variation or amendment to the terms of any Programme Document or the Conditions; 
(iii) 
in connection with any variation of the terms of appointment of an FCM, the termination of the 
appointment of an FCM, the replacement of an FCM, the appointment of additional FCMs or any 
variation or amendment to the terms of any LS FCM Agreement; 
(iv) 
in connection with an amendment to the terms of the Programme and/or the Conditions to extend 
the range of assets which may be included as Collateral Assets for any Series of ETP Securities; 
(v) 
in connection with an amendment to the terms of the Programme to facilitate the issue of Series of 
ETP Securities which pursue actively managed Investment Strategies; 
(vi) 
in order to facilitate any application for the admission of the ETP Securities of any Series to listing or 
trading on any stock exchange or the de-listing of any ETP Securities from any stock exchange; 
(vii) 
in order to effect the transfer of the LS FCM Agreement to a new FCM or to make amendments 
consequent upon such transfer;  
(viii) 
to effect any adjustment to the Conditions of the ETP Securities and/or the terms of the LS FCM 
Agreement pursuant to the Conditions as a consequence of the occurrence of an Adjustment Event 
provided that the adjustments do not take effect until at least three calendar days have elapsed after 
they are announced to the ETP Securityholders in accordance with the Conditions; or  
(ix) 
to effect any adjustment, including but not limited to: (i) any amendment(s), variation(s), or 
modification(s) to the Programme, a Programme Document, the Conditions of a Series of ETP 
Securities, the Supplemental Trust Deed, a Security Document, the Programme Parties or Agents; 
and (ii)  any adjustment, variation or modification related to or concerning the matters contemplated 
by paragraphs (i) to (viii) above but not otherwise permitted by those paragraphs which the Issuer 
considers to be necessary or desirable for the Programme or any Series of ETP Securities. 
 Any adjustment, variation or modification within the scope of paragraphs (i) to (ix) above being “Relevant 
Adjustment(s). 
Any Relevant Adjustment shall be subject to the following provisions:  
(a) 
such Relevant Adjustment(s) are notified to ETP Securityholders at least 5 Business Days in advance 
of becoming effective;

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of a Relevant Adjustment within the scope of paragraph (ix) above, the Issuer certifies in 
the notice to ETP Securityholders that, in the opinion of the Issuer, such Relevant Adjustment(s) are 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the ETP Securityholders; and 
(c)    
following such Relevant Adjustment(s) becoming effective, the Issuer shall, as soon as practicable, 
notify such Relevant Adjustment(s): (i) to the ETP Securityholders of each of the relevant Series in 
accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Series; and (ii) where relevant, to any stock exchange 
on which the relevant ETP Securities are admitted to trading.  
Furthermore, to the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required in order to give effect to any permitted 
adjustment, variation or modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed, or any Programme Document to 
which the Trustee is a party which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee is necessary or desirable to be made for 
the purposes described above, the Trustee is required to agree, without the consent of the ETP 
Securityholders, to such adjustment, variation or modification provided however that the Trustee shall be 
entitled to refuse to agree to any adjustment, variation modification or any other matter which would, in the 
Trustee’s sole opinion, have the effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and/or (ii) adding to or increasing the 
obligations, liabilities or duties or decreasing the rights, powers, authorisation, indemnities, discretions or 
protections of the Trustee. 
 
In addition, the Issuer shall not have any ability to unilaterally make any adjustment, variation, modification 
or any other matter which would, in the Trustee’s sole opinion, have the effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to 
any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction 
and/or (ii) adding to or increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties or decreasing the rights, powers, 
authorisation, indemnities, discretions or protections of the Trustee. 
 
Accordingly, a situation could arise whereby the Issuer makes an adjustment, variation or modification to the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed, any Programme Document, any Programme Party or Agent which would not 
otherwise have been made if the consent of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders was required (as the 
Trustee or ETP Securityholders would not have consented to such modification). 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
2. Risk factors relating to Reference Assets  
2.1 
Risks related to futures contracts 
Series of ETP Securities may be issued where the Reference Assets are comprised of futures contracts. 
Futures contracts are derivative contracts whereby the parties agree to exchange payments on a future date 
based on changes to the value of an Underlying Asset.  Accordingly, the value of the ETP Securities of such 
Series will be subject to the risks which apply to investing in futures contracts generally and also to the 
relevant Underlying Asset.  
If the Issuer takes a long position in the relevant futures contract by acting as the buyer, the value of the 
Issuer’s position in the futures contract may increase if the price of the Underlying Asset increases. 
Conversely, the Issuer may be required to make payments to the seller of the futures contract to the extent 
that the price of the Underlying Asset decreases over the term of the futures contract. If the Issuer takes a 
short position in the relevant futures contract by acting as the seller, the value of the Issuer’s position in the 
futures contract may increase if the price of the Underlying Asset decreases. Conversely, the Issuer may be 
required to make payments to the buyer of the futures contract to the extent that the price of the Underlying 
Asset increases over the term of the futures contract. 
As there is no limit to which the price of an Underlying Asset can potentially increase, short positions involve 
the potential of an unlimited loss. By contrast, the potential loss of the Issuer in respect of any long position 
is limited to amount of the contract settlement price. See “Leveraged or Inversed Leveraged Series” at Risk 
Factor 4.1 below for more details.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
Futures contracts involve, to varying degrees, elements of market risk and exposure to loss in excess of the 
amounts of any margin which is required to be delivered. Additional risks associated with the use of futures 
contracts are imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the futures contracts and the level of 
the Underlying Asset and the possibility of an illiquid market for a futures contract. The futures markets are 
subject to temporary distortions and other disruptions due to various factors, including the lack of liquidity, 
congestion, disorderly markets, manipulation, limitations on deliverable supplies, the participation of 
speculators, government regulation and intervention, technical and operation or system failures, nuclear 
accidents, terrorism, riots and acts of God.  In connection with such events, a futures exchange may 
determine to halt trading, to cancel trades executed during a specified period and to take any other actions it 
deems appropriate.  
With exchange traded futures contracts, there is minimal but some counterparty risk to the Issuer since the 
exchange’s clearinghouse, as counterparty to all exchange-traded futures contracts, effectively guarantees 
futures contracts against default. Many futures exchanges and boards of trade limit the amount of fluctuation 
permitted in futures contract prices during a single trading day. Once the daily limit has been reached in a 
particular contract, no trades may be made that day at a price beyond that limit or trading may be suspended 
for specified times during the trading day. Futures contracts prices could move to the limit for several 
consecutive trading days with little or no trading, thereby preventing prompt liquidation of futures positions 
and potentially subjecting the holders of ETP Securities linked to such futures contracts to substantial losses. 
If trading is not possible or if the Issuer determines not to close a futures position in anticipation of adverse 
price movements, the Issuer may be required to make daily cash payments of additional margin. 
Risk Rating: High 
2.2 
Risks related to bitcoin and ethereum futures contracts risk.  
Bitcoin and ethereum futures contracts are subject to collateral requirements and daily limits which may 
impact the Issuer’s ability to achieve the target Leverage Factor for a Series of ETP Securities. If the Issuer 
is unable to meet the investment objective of a Series of ETP Securities, the returns for that Series of ETP 
Securities may fluctuate. Additionally, these collateral requirements may require the Issuer to liquidate its 
position when it otherwise would not do so.  
The performance of bitcoin futures contracts and ethereum futures contracts, in general, have historically 
been highly correlated to the performance of bitcoin and ethereum, respectively. However, there can be no 
guarantee that this will continue. Transaction costs (including the costs associated with futures investing), 
position limits, the availability of counterparties and other factors may impact the cost of bitcoin and ethereum 
futures contracts and decrease the correlation between the performance of bitcoin futures contracts and 
bitcoin and ethereum futures contracts and ethereum, over short or even long-term periods. The differences 
in the prices of bitcoin and bitcoin futures contracts and ethereum and ethereum futures contracts will expose 
the Issuer to risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in 
bitcoin or ethereum, including larger losses or smaller gains. 
Currently, the Issuer does not anticipate that the liquidity of bitcoin and ethereum futures contracts will have 
any material negative impact on its ability to achieve the investment objective of each Series of ETP Securities 
or meet any redemptions. If the Issuer’s ability to obtain exposure to the relevant bitcoin futures contracts or 
ethereum futures contracts were to be disrupted for any reason, including, for example, limited liquidity in the 
bitcoin or ethereum futures market, a disruption to the bitcoin or ethereum futures market, or as a result of 
margin requirements, position limits, accountability levels, or other limitations imposed by the FCMs, the 
listing exchanges, or the CFTC, the Portfolio Manager  would take such action as it believes appropriate and 
in the best interest of the Issuer in consideration of the facts and circumstances at such time, including to 
underleverage the Series of ETP Securities, relative to its stated Leverage Factor by an amount reflecting 
prevailing position limits. 
 
Additionally, when a futures contract is nearing expiration, the Portfolio Manager will, in the case of Leveraged 
Exposure Investment Strategies, generally sell it and use the proceeds to buy a futures contract with a later 
expiration date and, in the case of Short Exposure Investment Strategies, buy such futures contract and short 
another one with a later expiration.  This is commonly referred to as “rolling”.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
If the market for these contracts is in “contango,” meaning that the prices of futures contracts in the nearer 
months are lower than the price of contracts in the distant months, the sale of the near-term month contract 
would be at a lower price than the longer-term contract, resulting in a cost to “roll” a long position in the futures 
contract.  
Conversely, futures contracts with a longer term to expiration may be priced lower than futures contracts with 
a shorter term to expiration, a relationship called “backwardation”. The presence of backwardation may 
positively affect the performance of Leveraged Exposure Investment Strategies and negatively the 
performance of Short Exposure Investment Strategies. 
The actual realisation of a potential roll cost will be dependent upon the difference in price of the near and 
distant contract. The costs associated with rolling long positions in bitcoin and ethereum futures contracts 
typically are substantially higher than the costs associated with other futures contracts and may have a 
significant adverse impact on the performance of the ETP Securities which employ a Leveraged Exposure 
Investment Strategy. Contango in the bitcoin and ethereum futures market may cause bitcoin and ethereum 
futures contracts and the ETP Securities employing Leveraged Exposure Investment Strategies to 
underperform spot bitcoin and ethereum.  
Both contango and backwardation would reduce the ETP Securities’ correlation to their Underlying Assets 
and may limit or prevent the ETP Securities from achieving their investment objective.  
 
Risk Rating: High 
 
2.3 
Concentration risk 
Where there is a single Reference Asset or a limited number of Reference Assets, prospective investors 
should be aware that there are risks deriving from such concentration, the most significant of which is the 
impact on the liquidity and the volatility of the ETP Securities. A similar concentration risk arises to the extent 
that the Reference Asset is a futures contract which is linked to a single Underlying Asset or a limited number 
of Underlying Assets.  
 
In respect of liquidity, a concentrated leveraged and inversed leveraged exposure to a digital currency 
heightens the impact of the illiquidity of any such Underlying Asset or related Reference Asset on the ETP 
Securities, particularly during an environment with significant price declines and inclines. Furthermore, the 
volatility of the ETP Securities is also intensified due to their concentrated leveraged or inversed leveraged 
exposure, as there is no other Underlying Asset or Reference Asset to counterbalance potential volatile 
movements on the Underlying Asset or Reference Asset of the relevant Investment Strategy for a Series of 
ETP Securities. 
 
 
Risk Rating: High 
2.4 
Risks related to digital currencies 
(i) 
Regulatory Risks 
The legal status of digital currencies varies widely from country to country.  In many countries, the legal status 
is not yet defined or is changing. Some countries may have made the use of digital currencies illegal.  Other 
countries have banned digital currencies or securities or derivatives relating to them, prohibited local banks 
from working on digital currencies or otherwise restricted digital currencies.  In addition, the legal treatment 
of digital currencies is often unclear, and there is uncertainty as to whether the underlying digital currencies 
are securities, money, commodities or property. In some countries, such as the United States, different 
government agencies define digital currencies differently, leading to regulatory conflict and uncertainty.  This 
uncertainty is exacerbated by the rapid evolution of regulations. Some countries may explicitly restrict, 
prohibit or limit the acquisition, use, trading or redemption of digital currencies in the future. In such a scenario,

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
the ownership or trading of securities replicating or linked to digital currencies, such as the ETP Securities, 
could be deemed illegal or subject to sanctions. 
The tax treatment of digital currencies can vary significantly across jurisdictions and is subject to change. 
Investors holding and transacting in digital currencies may face unexpected tax liabilities, reporting 
requirements, or accounting hurdles. 
It is also difficult to predict how the regulatory outlook and policies regarding digital currencies could and will 
change. A shift to a generally more negative view could lead to risk for investors as tightening regulations 
may restrict access for investors. 
Risk rating: High  
(ii)  
Digital currency market uncertainty 
The digital currency market operates with a high degree of uncertainty, influenced by factors including 
regulatory shifts, technological developments, security concerns, and market manipulation. Regulatory 
changes or government actions, including restrictions on digital currency trading or taxation policies, may 
significantly impact the value of any Series of ETP Securities invested in any underlying that itself its linked 
to digital currencies. Additionally, unforeseen events such as security breaches, network disruptions, or 
changes in market sentiment can further contribute to market uncertainty and affect returns.  
Risk Rating: High 
(iii) 
The value of digital currencies can change quickly and could even drop to zero 
Digital currencies, including bitcoin, ethereum and others, are known for their price volatility. The prices of 
digital currencies can fluctuate over short periods due to various factors such as market demand, regulatory 
developments, technological advancements, macroeconomic trends, and investor sentiment. Investors 
should be aware that the value of any Series of ETP Securities invested in any Reference Asset that itself is 
linked to digital currencies may experience rapid and substantial changes, leading to potential losses or the 
value of the ETP Securities dropping to zero. 
Risk rating: High 
(iv) 
Valuation 
Digital currencies do not represent an underlying claim on income or profits, nor do they represent a liability 
that must be repaid. Their price reflects the assessment of value by market participants (or a particular 
marketplace) and supply and demand dynamics. As a result, the value of digital currencies may be more 
speculative and more volatile than the traditional assets which represent claims on income or profits or debts. 
Digital currencies are also unlike traditional commodities (such as oil) in that they are not raw materials and 
do not have a physical existence. Lastly, digital currencies are unlike traditional currencies (such as the Euro) 
in that digital currencies are not issued by a central bank and may not be broadly accepted for payments. As 
a consequence, fundamental valuations typically do not exist. In many cases, there may be limited use of the 
digital currencies and potential use cases are still being explored. 
The speculative nature of the underlying digital currencies can make it difficult to apply consistent valuation 
methods for the digital currencies. Furthermore, extreme volatility can impact the ability of market participants 
to provide reliable, consistent pricing, which, in turn, could adversely affect the price at which investors are 
able to trade the ETPs in the secondary markets. 
Risk Rating: High 
(v) 
Risk associated with development protocols 
The protocols governing digital currencies are publicly available and in the process of development. However, 
the progress and acceptance of these protocols depend on various factors. Disagreements between 
participants, developers, and network members can impede or delay the development of these digital 
currencies. Upgrades to the source code may be implemented through majority voting by network 
members/miners, who update their nodes accordingly. If consensus cannot be reached on implementing a

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
new protocol version, it may hinder scalability improvements and other enhancements. Such delays or 
prevention in protocol development can adversely impact the value of the digital currencies, which, in turn, 
affects the value of associated ETP Securities. Furthermore, the lack of direct compensation for protocol 
developers may reduce incentives for continuous protocol development. If the protocols do not progress 
further, it could lead to a decrease in the value of the associated digital currency, consequently affecting the 
value of the ETP Securities. Additionally, the risk rating is considered medium, but for digital currencies with 
larger market capitalization, the risk is assessed as low due to the involvement of a substantial number of 
developers. Conversely, digital currencies with fewer active developers, often associated with lower market 
capitalization compared to other digital currencies, carry a higher risk rating, assessed as medium. As 
protocols mature, gain adoption among developers, and the number of active developers increases, the 
likelihood and impact of this risk diminish. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium  
 
(vi) 
Risk of errors / bugs in the underlying code behind most digital currencies 
 
The source code of digital currencies is accessible to the public, allowing anyone to download and examine 
it. However, despite this transparency, there is a possibility of undiscovered bugs or flaws in the code, which 
could pose a threat to the security and integrity of one or more digital currency networks. In the case of digital 
currencies with larger user bases, widespread adoption, and a larger number of developers, any errors or 
issues in their protocols are more likely to be detected and rectified promptly. On the other hand, digital 
currencies with new protocols, fewer developers, or limited adoption are at a higher risk of encountering such 
problems. If a significant error in the code arises and proves challenging to resolve or can be exploited 
maliciously, it can lead to a decline in the value of the associated digital currency. Consequently, the value 
of the related ETP Securities would be negatively affected. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
(vii)   
Forking and Governance Risks 
 
Digital currencies reside on the public blockchain in a distributed ledger, which means it is not held by a 
central authority at a single location, but rather distributed among a network or community of users. Digital 
currencies can undergo "forks," where the blockchain splits into two or more separate chains due to 
disagreements within the community or technical upgrades. This can lead to confusion and volatility, 
potentially impacting the value of the ETP Securities. Additionally, the governance of many digital currencies 
is decentralized, meaning decisions are made through consensus among network participants. 
Disagreements or lack of consensus on future developments could hinder progress and affect the value of 
the underlying digital currencies. 
 
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
(viii) 
Limited Recourse and Investor Protection 
 
Investors in digital currencies may have limited legal recourse in the event of fraud, hacking, or other adverse 
events affecting the underlying digital currencies. Regulatory frameworks for digital currencies are still 
evolving, and investor protection mechanisms may not be as robust as those for traditional securities. This 
exposes investors to greater risks compared to traditional investments. 
  
Risk Rating: Medium 
 
As a consequence of the risk set out in this risk factor 2.3, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities. 
3. Risk factors relating to Investment Strategies 
3.1 
Investment Strategy-linked securities 
Prospective investors should note that the amount payable on the redemption of the ETP Securities will be 
linked to the performance of the Investment Strategy referenced by that Series. Potential Investors should 
note that they will have no entitlement to the Reference Assets of such Investment Strategy and will be

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
entitled solely to the Pro-Rata Liquidation (as defined herein), which, depending on the performance of the 
Investment Strategy, may be less, than their initial investment. 
Accordingly, before investing in any ETP Securities, prospective investors should carefully consider whether 
an investment based on the performance of the applicable Investment Strategy is suitable for them and in all 
cases an investor in ETP Securities should carry out its own detailed review of the applicable Investment 
Strategy.  
3.2 
The actions of the Portfolio Manager, including changing the composition of or discontinuing 
an Investment Strategy could adversely affect the market value of the ETP Securities 
referencing such Investment Strategy. 
The Portfolio Manager is responsible for the maintenance of the Investment Strategy. The Portfolio Manager 
may make certain operational adjustments to the Investment Strategy to ensure that, so far as possible, the 
basic principles and economic effect of the Investment Strategy are maintained. For example, if the fututes 
contracts listed as Reference Assets in the relevant Investment Strategy are delisted and not available for 
investment, the Portfolio Manager may make adjustments to the Investment Strategy to replace such futures 
contracts with alternative Reference Assets to ensure the basic principles and economic effect of the 
Investment Strategy are maintained. The Portfolio Manager may take any actions in respect of such 
Investment Strategy without regard to the interests of the investor in the ETP Securities, and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of the ETP Securities.  
Risk rating: Medium 
3.3 
Investing in ETP Securities is not the same as an investment in the Reference Asset of the 
Investment Strategy  
Investing in ETP Securities is not the same as making an investment in the Reference Assets of the relevant 
Investment Strategy. Accordingly, investors in ETP Securities may receive a lower payment upon settlement 
or redemption of such ETP Securities than such investor would have received if it had invested directly in the 
Reference Assets of the relevant Investment Strategy. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
4.  Risk factors relating to ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures 
For an explanation of the risks covered here and some simulated numerical examples, see the Section of 
this Base Prospectus titled "Economic Overview of the ETP Securities". 
4.1 
Leveraged or Inverse Leveraged Series 
Where a Series of ETP Securities employs leverage, the effect which any negative or positive changes in the 
price of the relevant Reference Asset will have on the ETP Security Value will be multiplied by the applicable 
Leverage Factor for the relevant Series of ETP Securities. 
Series of ETP Securities which provide for a Leveraged Exposure seek to achieve a return which is a multiple 
of the Rebalance Period return of the relevant digital currency (excluding the effects of any applicable fees 
and adjustments). Conversely, Series of ETP Securities which provide for a Short Exposure seek to achieve 
a return which is a multiple of the Rebalance Period rate of decrease of the price of the Underlying Asset 
(excluding the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments). Thus the ETP Securities will magnify losses 
in market environments adverse to their objective compared to similar exchange traded products that are not 
leveraged. In addition, losses will be magnified as the amount of leverage increases.  
For Series which pursue Leveraged Exposures, the Leverage Factor may be between 2x and 3x. For Series 
which pursue Short Exposures, the Leverage Factor may be between -1x and -3x. The Leverage Factor 
applicable to a Series of ETP Securities will be set out in either the Investment Strategy or the Final Terms 
for such Series. 
Risk rating: High  
4.2 
Rebalancing Risk

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
If for any reason the Issuer is unable to fully or partially rebalance an ETP Security to its applicable Leverage 
Factor, or any ETP Security’s exposure to the Underlying Asset is rebalanced incorrectly, the Issuer’s 
exposure to the Underlying Asset may not be consistent with the Leverage Factor set out in the relevant 
Invesment Strategy. In these instances, the Issuer may not successfully track the performance of the relevant 
Underlying Asset and may not achieve its investment objective. Additionally, the rebalancing of futures 
contracts may impact the trading in such futures contracts and may adversely affect the value of the ETP 
Secuirty. For example, such trading may cause the FCM’s to adjust their hedges. The trading activity 
associated with such transactions will contribute to the existing trading volume on the underlying futures 
contracts and may adversely affect the market price of such underlying futures contracts. 
Risk Rating: High 
4.3 
Risk of unscheduled rebalancing 
As defined in the Investment Strategy in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, where relevant, there is a 
possibility of unscheduled rebalancing in the event of (i) a significant decline in the price of the Reference 
Asset if such Series provides a Leveraged Exposure; and (ii) a significant increase in the price of the  
Reference Asset if such Series provides a Short Exposure, in both cases before the beginning of the next 
rebalance period of the Series as set out in the Final Terms (the “Rebalance Period”). On a day in which an 
Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered, the Rebalance Period return of the relevant Series of ETP Securities 
will not be equal to the Leverage Factor of such Series multiplied by the Rebalance Period price change of 
the Reference Asset. Such unscheduled adjustment seeks to protect the holder of ETP Securities providing 
Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure in the event of extreme market movements during Rebalance 
Periods by crystallising the losses incurred up to that point.  
As a result of the unscheduled rebalancing, a Series of ETP Securities may not track what an investor might 
expect for such Rebalance Period. For example, in the case of a Series providing a Leveraged Exposure, if 
the price of the Reference Asset was to reverse its fall after the unscheduled rebalancing, then the holder of 
the relevant ETP Security will not benefit from the reversal of the price decline of the Reference Asset to the 
same extent that it might have if the unscheduled rebalancing had not occurred. However, if the price of the 
Reference Asset continues to fall, then the holder of such ETP Security will not suffer a loss to the same 
extent as if the unscheduled rebalancing had not occurred. Similarly, in the case of a Series providing for a 
Short Exposure, if the price of the Reference Asset was to fall after the unscheduled rebalancing, then the 
holder of the relevant ETP Security will not benefit from the reversal of the price of the Reference Asset to 
the same extent that it might have if the unscheduled rebalancing had not occurred. However, if the price of 
the Reference Asset continues to increase, then the holder of such ETP Security will not suffer a loss to the 
same extent as if the unscheduled rebalancing had not occurred. 
Risk rating: High 
4.4         Risks of Holding the ETP Securities for longer than their Rebalance Period  
Where applicable, the Rebalance Period applicable to a Series of ETP Securities will be set out in the 
Investment Strategy or in the Final Terms. Due to the Rebalance Period investment goal of ETP Securities, 
an ETP Security’s return over holding periods longer than the Rebalance Period will likely differ from the 
return of the relevant Investment Strategy (as adjusted to take account of the Leverage Factor), and this 
difference will become more significant as the holding period increases in length.  
The return on ETP Securities over a period longer than the Rebalance Period will reflect the return for each 
Rebalance Period compounded over all Rebalance Periods in that holding period and the effects of the 
Rebalance Period rebalancing. As a consequence of the Rebalance Period and the leveraged exposure of 
ETP Securities, over periods longer than the Rebalance Period, the redemption entitlement of an ETP 
Security will fall if the Investment Strategy’s performance is flat (i.e. has a zero or close to zero return).  
Similarly, if an investor holds ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure for longer than 
their Rebalance Period, the return of such ETP Securities over that holding period will likely differ from the 
return of the Reference Assets over such holding period multiplied by the Leverage Factor of the ETP 
Securities.  This means that where an investor holds an ETP Security over a period longer than the Rebalance 
Period, the value of the ETP Security on redemption will (i) fall where the Investment Strategy’s performance 
is zero or close to zero and (ii) may not reflect the performance of the Reference Assets over that holding 
period multiplied by their Leverage Factor, and may have a negative impact on the value of the ETP Security

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
the longer the holding period, the higher the Leverage Factor and the greater the volatility of the Reference 
Assets over the holding period. 
Risk rating: High 
4.5         Effective daily Leverage Factor where Rebalance Periods are longer than a day 
At the end of each Rebalance Period, where relevant, the Portfolio Manager will buy or sell the relevant 
Reference Assets so that, at the beginning of the immediately following Rebalancing Period, the ETP 
Securities offer their Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure to the Underlying Asset determined by their 
stated Leverage Factor. If the Rebalance Period is longer than a day, the exposure of such ETP Securities 
to the Underlying Asset will not be rebalanced daily to maintain such exposure constant by reference to the 
Leverage Factor. As such, the effective level of Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure offered by such ETP 
Securities, as the case may be, will vary on each day of the Rebalance Period as prices of the Underlying 
Asset fluctuate and subscriptions and redemptions are fulfilled by the Issuer on a daily basis. What this means 
is that, for example, in the case of a Leveraged Exposure, where the value of the Underlying Asset decreases 
during the Rebalance Period, the exposure of the ETP Securities of such Series to the Underlying Asset will 
increase (i.e., the effective leverage exposure to the Underlying Asset will be greater than the stated Leverage 
Factor of the ETP Securities), which may negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
 
Risk Rating: High 
 
4.6 
Factors affecting leverage risk 
Higher leverage, higher volatility and longer holding periods will increase the risk from investing in ETP 
Securities and hence may adversely affect the value of the ETP Securities. For leveraged returns with holding 
periods longer than the Rebalance Period (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments):  
(a) the return of such ETP Securities will likely differ from the product of the Reference Asset return and the 
Leverage Factor; and  
(b) an ETP Security may lose value if the relevant Reference Asset’s performance is flat (i.e. has a zero or 
close to zero return); and  
(c) it is possible for an ETP Security with Leveraged Exposure to the price of Underlying Assets by investing 
in Reference Assets to lose value even if the relevant Reference Asset’s return is positive. Similarly it is 
possible for an ETP Security with a Short Exposure to the price of Underlying Assets by investing in 
Reference Assets to lose value even if the relevant Underlying Asset’s return is negative; and  
(d) the risks in (a) to (c) will be magnified for longer holding periods, higher Reference Asset volatility and 
higher leverage.  
See section of the Base Prospectus entitled “Economic Overview of the ETP Securities” for simulated 
examples on how the above risks may occur. 
Risk Rating: High 
5. Risk factors relating to the Security 
5.1 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks 
In respect of the ETP Securities of any Series, the Secured Creditors (which includes the ETP 
Securityholders), with the exception of the FCM with respect to the LS FCM Agreement, will have recourse 
only to the Secured Property in respect of such ETP Securities, subject always to the Security, and not to 
any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of 
liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash in accordance with the applicable orders of 
priority and the Trust Deed, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of the Secured Obligations 
remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in 
respect thereof. Following such extinguishment, with the exception of the FCM with respect to the LS FCM 
Agreement, none of the Programme Parties, the ETP Securityholders of any relevant Series or any other

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
person acting on behalf of any of them will be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of 
its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the 
extinguished claim and no debt, liability or obligation will be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect 
of such further sum.  
With the exception of the FCM with respect to the FCM Agreement, none of the Programme Parties, the ETP 
Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, bring, institute or join with 
any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, 
examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or 
any of its assets (save that the Trustee may lodge a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by 
another non-affiliated party or take proceedings to obtain a declaration as to the obligations of the Issuer and 
without limitation to the Trustee's right to enforce or realise the relevant Security (including by appointing a 
receiver and/or Appointee)), and none of them will have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets 
and/or property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which 
form a single Series with the ETP Securities). 
 
There is also the risk that the Issuer may become subject to claims or other liabilities (whether or not in 
respect of the ETP Securities) which are not themselves subject to limited recourse or non-petition limitations. 
There is a risk that such claims or liabilities may negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities of a 
particular Series.  
Investors should be aware that the LS FCM Agreement does not contain limited recourse provisions with 
respect to the obligations of the Issuer. There is a risk therefore that, in respect of a claim against the Issuer 
by the FCM in relation to the LS FCM Agreement, if following realisation in full of the Collateral Assets in 
respect of a Series of ETP Securities and application of the proceeds by the FCM, a claim which is attributable 
to such Series remains outstanding against the Issuer, such claim may be made by the FCM against assets 
attributable to all other outstanding Series of ETP Securities (the “FCM Claim”), which may, in certain 
circumstances, result in a Mandatory Redemption of all Series of ETP Securities at a Mandatory Redemption 
Amount of zero or close to zero.  In other circumstances the Portfolio Manager will reconstitute the FCM 
Account with respect to each outstanding Series of ETP Securities to ensure that such FCM Claim is 
apportioned to all outstanding Series of ETP Securities on a pro rata basis. The Broker Dealer of Record, 
however, has agreed to indemnify the Issuer, against any loss, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which 
the Issuer may incur as a result of any such claims by the FCM. Such indemnity is limited to the lower of the 
value of 5% of the Collateral Assets of the Largest Series or $20 million. The Largest Series means any 
Series of ETP Securities, the Collateral Assets of which has the highest value of all Series of ETP Securities 
in issue at any time.  If for any reason the Broker Dealer of Record cannot or does not honour such indemnity 
or the Broker Dealer of Record resigns its appointment under the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement, such 
claim would negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities of such outstanding Series of ETP Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
5.2 
The claims of ETP Securityholders are subordinated upon enforcement of the Security 
The obligations of the Issuer in respect of a Series of ETP Securities are secured by the Security Documents 
in respect of such Series of ETP Securities. Pursuant to such Security Documents, the Issuer will create 
security in respect of that Series in favour of the Trustee (for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured 
Creditors) over (i) all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and future in, to and under the 
Programme Documents to the extent that they relate to the ETP Securities; (ii) all sums held now or in the 
future by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar) to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the Security 
Documents and the ETP Securities, (iii) the Collateral Assets and any sums of money, securities, financial 
instruments or other property received or receivable now or in the future by or on behalf of the Issuer under 
the LS FCM Agreement, (iv) all of the Issuer’s rights as against the FCM in respect of any sum or property 
now or in the future standing to the credit of the FCM Account, the Cash Account and any other relevant 
accounts of the Issuer with the FCM, and (v) all of the Issuer’s rights in respect of any sum or property now 
or in the future standing to the credit of the FCM Account and the Cash Account, in each case, to the extent 
that they relate to the ETP Securities.  
Following the enforcement of the security, the Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of 
the assets that are the subject of the security constituted by the Security Documents in the applicable order

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
of priority under which amounts due to the ETP Securityholders will be subordinated to all costs, fees, 
expenses and all other amounts including (without limitation) the costs of enforcing and/or realising any 
security due to the Trustee itself and any receiver(s) and/or Appointee(s), amounts owing to the FCM under 
the LS FCM Agreement, including margin interest, securities lending and brokerage fees (as applicable), and 
amounts due to the Arranger in respect of the Arranger Fee, in each case in relation to the ETP Securities.  
The impact of such subordination is that the ETP Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less than 
their initial investment. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
5.3 
Recognition of Security in other jurisdictions 
The laws of certain jurisdictions may affect some or all of the assets comprising the Collateral Assets. In the 
event that the laws of a jurisdiction do not recognise the security granted by the Security Documents, such 
security may not be effective in relation to assets deemed located in that jurisdiction and/or such assets may 
be subject to claims which would otherwise rank after claims secured by the Security Documents. In the event 
that it becomes necessary to enforce the security granted by the Security Documents in a jurisdiction that 
does not recognise such security (or in which it has not been perfected) there may be delays in enforcing the 
security or it may not be possible to enforce such security which could result in losses to the ETP 
Securityholders. 
Risk Rating: Low 
6. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and its legal structure 
6.1 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of issuing ETP Securities. The contracts which 
may be entered into by the Issuer (such as the LS FCM Agreement entered into by the Issuer in relation to 
one or more Series of ETP Securities) and the payments of the Issuer and the parties thereunder are 
structured to have the capacity to provide the Issuer with funds to service payments due and payable in 
respect of the ETP Securities and on any redemption by the Issuer of the ETP Securities.  
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than (i) the small sums of money raised by issuing shares in 
relation to its incorporation, (ii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it in connection with the issue or redemption 
of any Series of ETP Securities from time to time and (iii) any rights, property, sums or other assets on which 
any Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme are secured. 
This means that if the assets on which a Series of ETP Securities are secured are not sufficient to meet sums 
payable by the Issuer in respect of that Series, there are no other assets that are available to the Issuer to 
make those payments.  In such circumstances, the holders of the ETP Securities would not receive the 
amounts owing to them in full. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
6.2 
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities or banking 
laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction. 
There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a 
contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary view by such 
regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of the ETP Securities. For 
instance, if it was determined by a regulatory authority that the Issuer was required to be authorised in a 
particular jurisdiction, it may not be possible for the Issuer as a special purpose vehicle to receive such 
authorisation.  In such a scenario there is a risk that the Issuer could be required to effect a mandatory 
redemption of the ETP Securities which could result in a loss being incurred by holders of the ETP Securities.   
Risk rating: Low

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
6.3 
The Issuer is structured to be insolvency-remote, but not insolvency proof 
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of ETP Securities and related and 
incidental matters. Any issue of ETP Securities must be on terms that provide for the claims of the ETP 
Securityholders and the Programme Parties (with the exception of the claims of the FCM with respect to the 
LS FCM Agreement) in respect of such ETP Securities to be limited to the proceeds of the assets on which 
such ETP Securities are secured (see “Risk factors relating to the Security – Limited recourse obligations, 
non-petition and related risks” above). In addition, with the exception of the FCM with respect to the LS FCM 
Agreement, there are restrictions on the ETP Securityholders and Programme Parties bringing insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer. If such provisions are upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could 
become insolvent.  
However, notwithstanding the restrictions described in Condition 7 and the limited recourse and non-petition 
provisions, should the Issuer have outstanding liabilities to the FCM or third parties which it is unable to 
discharge or should the limited recourse or non-petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a 
particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of any 
country having jurisdiction over it or any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine the 
validity of the claims of ETP Securityholders and may prevent ETP Securityholders from enforcing their rights 
with respect to any ETP Securities held by it or delay such enforcement.  If the ETP Securityholders are 
prevented from enforcing their rights with respect to the ETP Securities, this may result in the ETP 
Securityholders losing their investment in the ETP Securities. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction 
concerned and the nature of the assets and security, the Security created in favour of the Trustee in respect 
of such Series of ETP Securities may be set aside or ranked behind certain other creditors and the assets 
subject to such Security may be transferred to another person free of such Security. The impact of the 
occurrence of such scenarios is that the ETP Securityholders may either lose all their investment in the ETP 
Securities or receive less, or substantially less than their initial investment. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions, the rights of the Trustee or of the Issuer to enforce the Security created 
pursuant to any Security Document may be limited or delayed by such procedures. Such a situation may 
adversely impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
6.4 
Jersey insolvency 
The Issuer is incorporated under the laws of Jersey. Consequently and, in the event of an insolvency issuer, 
insolvency proceedings may be initiated in Jersey. 
There are two principal regimes for corporate insolvency in Jersey: a declaration of “en désastre” under the 
Bankruptcy (Désastre) (Jersey) Law 1990 (“Bankruptcy Law”) and a winding up under the Companies 
(Jersey) Law 1991 (“Companies Law”). 
The primary insolvency procedure available to creditors under Jersey law is an application for an Act of the 
Royal Court of Jersey (“Royal Court”) under the Bankruptcy Law declaring the property of a debtor to be “en 
désastre”.  On a declaration of “en désastre,” title and possession of the property of the debtor vests 
automatically in the Viscount, an official of the Royal Court (“Viscount”).  With effect from the date of 
declaration, a creditor has no other remedy against the property of the debtor, and may not commence or, 
except with the consent of the Viscount or the Royal Court, continue any legal proceedings to recover the 
debt. However, a secured party with the benefit of a security interest pursuant to the Security Interests 
(Jersey) Law 2012 (the “Security Interests Law”) may, without the consent of the Viscount or an order of 
the Royal Court, exercise any power of enforcement it may have under that law. 
To the extent that the proceeds of such enforcement are insufficient to discharge liabilities owed, that secured 
party has no other remedy against the property or person of the debtor, and may not commence any legal 
proceedings or, except with the consent of the Viscount or the Royal Court, continue any legal proceedings 
to recover the balance of the debt.  
Additionally, the creditors and shareholders of a Jersey company can instigate a winding up of an insolvent 
company pursuant to Part 21 of the Companies Law (a “creditors’ winding up”).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
On a creditors’ winding up commenced by a company’s shareholders, a liquidator is nominated by the 
shareholders and creditors may approve such a liquidator or apply to appoint a different liquidator.  The 
shareholders must give creditors 14 days’ notice of the meeting to commence the creditors’ winding-up. 
On a creditors’ winding up commenced by a company’s creditors, an application is made to the Royal Court 
to place the company in a creditors’ winding up.  At any time after the application has been made to the Royal 
Court, the Royal Court may appoint a provisional liquidator with such powers as it sees fit.  If the application 
is successful, the Royal Court will place the company in a creditors’ winding up and appoint a liquidator. 
After the commencement of the winding up, or the appointment of a provisional liquidator, no action can be 
taken or continued against the company except with the permission of the Royal Court. 
The liquidator will stand in the shoes of the directors and administer the winding up, gather assets, make 
appropriate disposals of assets, settle claims and distribute assets as appropriate. 
However, a secured party (with the benefit of a security interest pursuant to the Security Interests Law) may, 
without the permission of the Royal Court, exercise any power of enforcement it may have under that law.  
To the extent that the proceeds of such enforcement are insufficient to discharge liabilities owed, the secured 
party has no other remedy against the company without the permission of the Royal Court in the same 
manner as unsecured creditors. 
The Jersey Companies Law requires a creditor of a company (subject to appeal) to be bound by an 
arrangement entered into by the company and its creditors immediately before or in the course of its winding 
up if (among others) three quarters in number and value of the creditors acceded to the arrangement. 
Compromises and arrangements with creditors 
The Companies Law also grants the Royal Court the power to sanction a compromise or arrangement 
(“Scheme”) between a Jersey company and its creditors or shareholders (or a class of either of them) if 
approved by the relevant majorities of its creditors or shareholders (or a class of either of them).  Once 
sanctioned, the Scheme is binding on all creditors or shareholders (or a class of either of them). 
Reviewable transactions 
Under the Bankruptcy Law and the Companies Law the Royal Court or a liquidator (as applicable) may set 
aside a transaction entered into by a company with any person at an undervalue. There is a five-year look-
back period from the date of commencement of the winding up or declaration of “en désastre” during which 
transactions are susceptible to being set aside as a transaction at an undervalue. 
Under the Bankruptcy Law and the Companies Law the Royal Court or a liquidator (as applicable) may set 
aside a preference given by the company to any person.  There is a 12-month look-back period from the date 
of commencement of the winding up or declaration of “en désastre” during which transactions are susceptible 
to being set aside as a preference. 
Under the Bankruptcy Law and the Companies Law the Royal Court or a liquidator (as applicable) may set 
aside a transaction providing credit to the debtor company which is or was extortionate. There is a three-year 
look-back period from the date of commencement of the winding up or declaration of “désastre” during which 
transactions are susceptible to being set aside as an extortionate credit transaction. 
Under the Bankruptcy Law and the Companies Law the Royal Court or a liquidator (as applicable) may within 
six months following the commencement of a creditors’ winding up, disclaim any onerous property of the 
company. For this purpose “onerous property” includes any moveable property, a contract lease or other 
immoveable property if it is situated outside of Jersey that is unsaleable or not readily saleable or is such that 
it might give rise to a liability to pay money or perform any other onerous act, and includes an unprofitable 
contract. 
A disclaimer operates to determine the rights, interests and liabilities of the company/debtor in the property 
disclaimed and discharges the company/Viscount from all liability in respect of the property but does not, 
except so far as is  necessary for the purpose of releasing the company/debtor from liability, affect the rights 
or liabilities of any other person.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
A person sustaining loss or damage as a result of a disclaimer is deemed to be a creditor of the company to 
the extent of the loss or damage and has standing as an unsecured creditor in the “en désastre” or creditors’ 
winding up. 
In addition to the Jersey statutory provisions referred to above, there are certain principles of Jersey 
customary law under which dispositions of assets with the intention of defeating creditors’ claims may be set 
aside. 
Preferred creditors 
If the Issuer becomes subject to an insolvency proceeding and the Issuer has obligations to creditors that are 
treated under Jersey law as creditors that are senior relative to the Secured Creditors, including the ETP 
Securityholders, the ETP Securityholders (and other Secured Creditors) may suffer losses as a result of their 
subordinated status during such insolvency proceedings. In particular, under Jersey law, upon an insolvency 
of a Jersey company, such as the Issuer, when applying the proceeds of assets subject to security not created 
under Jersey law which may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or other bankruptcy 
proceedings, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of 
creditors holding the relevant security. These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and expenses 
properly incurred by a liquidator, the Viscount or other insolvency practitioner. Such preferred claims may 
negatively impact on the value of the ETP Securities. 
Foreign law governed security 
Under the laws of Jersey, a person incorporated or established in Jersey is deemed to have capacity to grant 
security governed under foreign law over property situated outside Jersey.  However, to the extent that any 
security interest governed by a foreign law (including a floating charge) is expressed to apply to any assets 
situated in Jersey such floating charge or other security interest is not likely to be held valid and enforceable 
by the Jersey courts in respect of such assets. 
Further, Irish insolvency laws do not apply in Jersey and receivers, administrators and other similar officials 
are not part of the laws of Jersey. Accordingly, the Jersey courts may not recognize the powers of an 
administrator, receiver or other similar official appointed in respect of Jersey situs assets.  
The Royal Court may, however, assist the courts of prescribed countries and territories and, applying general 
principles of comity, assist the courts in other jurisdictions, in all matters relating to the insolvency of any 
person to the extent that the Royal Court think fit.  
If insolvency proceedings have been commenced in relation to the company outside of Jersey, the nature 
and extent of the cooperation from Jersey is likely to depend on the nature of the requesting country’s 
insolvency regime. 
When considering how to proceed, the Royal Court may have regard to the UNCITRAL model law, even 
though the model law has not been implemented as a separate law in Jersey, but this is matter for the Court’s 
discretion and they may choose not to follow the provisions of the UNCITRAL model law.  
Further, as Jersey is not part of the European Union Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2260 (“Recast Insolvency Regulation”) does not have direct effect in Jersey and has not been 
implemented in Jersey as a separate law.  Accordingly, the automatic test of centre of main interests does 
not apply and the approach adopted by the Royal Court may not be consistent with the Recast Insolvency 
Regulation. 
If insolvency proceedings have been commenced in another jurisdiction in relation to the company, the nature 
and extent of the cooperation from Jersey is likely to depend on the nature of the requesting country’s 
insolvency regime and any reciprocity between the jurisdictions. 
Enforcement of a security interest against a Jersey company may be further limited by fraud, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, re-organization or other laws of general application relating to or affecting 
the rights of creditors. 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
6.5 
The Issuer is operated by an administrator 
The Issuer has appointed and is operated by the Administrator in accordance with the Administration 
Agreement.  The Administrator is an independent, third party entity which has agreed to provide certain 
administrative, corporate governance and director services to the Issuer.  
The operations of the Issuer may be adversely affected by the termination of the appointment of the 
Administrator, the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Administrator or any default, negligence or fraud on the 
part of the Administrator or any or its employees. 
Risk Rating: Low  
6.6 
The Issuer is subject to anti-money laundering legislation which, if violated, could materially 
and adversely affect the timing and amount of payments made by the Issuer 
The Issuer and the Administrator are subject to certain anti-money laundering legislation and regulations in 
Jersey (“Jersey AML Regulations”). 
In order to comply with legislation or regulations aimed at the prevention of money laundering the 
Administrator is required to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures, and may require 
prospective investors who subscribe directly from the Issuer (i.e. Authorised Participants) to provide evidence 
to verify their identity, the identity of their beneficial owners/controllers (where applicable), source of funds 
and wealth.  Any failure by the Administrator to comply with its obligations under the relevant legislation or 
regulations may have an adverse impact on the Issuer, its on-going administration and its ability to comply 
with its own obligations under the Jersey AML Regulations to which it is subject. 
The Issuer and the Administrator reserve the right to request such information as is necessary to verify the 
identity of Authorised Participants and the identity of their beneficial owners/controllers (where applicable).  
Where the circumstances permit, the Issuer, in consultation with the Administrator, may be satisfied that full 
due diligence may not be required at subscription where a relevant exemption applies under applicable law.  
However, detailed verification information may be required prior to the payment of any proceeds in respect 
of, or any transfer of, an interest in the ETP Securities. 
In the event of delay or failure on the part of an Authorised Participant in producing any information required 
for verification purposes, the Issuer may refuse to accept the application, or if the application has already 
occurred, may suspend or withdraw the interest, in which case any funds received will, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, be returned without interest to the account from which they were originally 
debited. Such a delay, failure or violation could materially adversely affect the timing and amount of payments 
by the Issuer to the holders of the ETP Securities. 
The Issuer also reserves the right to refuse to make any redemption (or prepayment) or distribution payment 
to a holder of any ETP Securities if the Issuer suspects or is advised that the payment of redemption or 
distribution proceeds to such interest holder may be non-compliant with applicable laws or regulations, or if 
such refusal is considered necessary or appropriate to ensure the compliance by the Issuer and the 
Administrator with any applicable laws or regulations. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission has a discretionary power to impose substantial administrative 
fines upon the Issuer and/or the Administrator in connection with any breaches by them of prescribed 
provisions of the Proceeds of Crime (Jersey) Law 1999 and Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as 
applicable), as amended and revised from time to time, and upon the Issuer and/or any director or officer of 
the Issuer who either consented to or connived in the breach, or to whose neglect the breach is proved to be 
attributable.  To the extent any such administrative fine is payable by the Issuer, the Issuer will bear the costs 
of such fine and any associated proceedings. 
If any person in Jersey knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another 
person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing 
and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of 
business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be 
required to report such knowledge or suspicion to their Money Laundering Reporting Officer (if they are 
required by relevant legislation to appoint one) or in their absence direct to the Jersey Financial Crime Unit 
of the States of Jersey Police as required in section 34A of the Proceeds of Crime (Jersey) Law 1999. Such

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information 
imposed by any enactment or otherwise. 
The Issuer is not required by the Jersey AML Regulations to appoint a Money Laundering Reporting Officer, 
Deputy Money Laundering Reporting Officer, to adopt and maintain anti-money laundering procedures nor 
to register with the Jersey Financial Services Commission pursuant to Proceeds of Crime (Supervisory 
Bodies) (Jersey) Law 2008. 
Investors may obtain details (including contact details) of any current Money Laundering Reporting Officer 
and Deputy Money Laundering Reporting Officer of the Administrator, by contacting the Issuer. 
Risk Rating: Low 
7 
Legal, Regulatory and Taxation matters impacting the Issuer 
7.1 
Taxation and no gross-up 
Each ETP Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the ETP Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is imposed on payments on the ETP 
Securities, the ETP Securityholders will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
The Issuer may become liable for tax charges whether by direct assessment or withholding. If any such event 
occurs as a result of a change in law or regulation that materially increases the cost to the Issuer of performing 
its obligations under the ETP Securities or the LS FCM Agreement or makes it illegal for the Issuer to do the 
same or to hold, acquire or dispose of the Collateral Assets, the ETP Securities may become subject to early 
redemption or a shortfall could arise in the amount available to meet the obligations of the Issuer under the 
ETP Securities, which in turn could negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
7.2 
Markets in Crypto-Assets Regulation (MiCAR) 
The Markets in Crypto-Assets Regulation (“MiCAR”) introduces a new regulatory framework for European 
crypto-assets. MiCAR aims to protect consumers and investors and mitigate risks to financial stability. MiCAR 
will become applicable for issuers of utility tokens and Crypto-Asset Service Providers (“CASPs”) on 30 
December 2024.  
The impending implementation of MiCAR introduces uncertainty regarding its potential impact on the 
Programme. As MiCAR comes into force, it remains unclear how precisely it will affect the operational and 
legal landscape of the Programme. Given the evolving nature of crypto regulations, potential changes or 
adjustments may be required to ensure continued compliance with MiCAR requirements. As such, investors 
should be aware that the introduction of MiCAR may lead to modifications in the Programme’s structure, 
governance, and operational procedures to align with the regulatory framework. 
Risk Rating: Medium

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
7.3 
Change of law   
 
The Conditions of the ETP Securities are governed by Irish law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
ETP Securities. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
Irish law or administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant ETP Securities. Any such change 
could have a significant adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the ETP Securities.  For example, such 
changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of the ETP 
Securities, which could materially adversely impact the value of any ETP Securities affected.     
In addition, if any change in law or regulation materially increases the cost to the Issuer of performing its 
obligations under the ETP Securities and/or the Programme Documents or makes it illegal for the Issuer to 
do the same or to hold, acquire or dispose of the Reference Assets, or otherwise materially adversely impacts 
the Issuer, the Issuer may determine to exercise its right to redeem the ETP Securities.  As a result of any 
such Mandatory Redemption Event, ETP Securityholders may receive less, or substantially less, than their 
initial investment. 
Risk Rating: Low 
7.4 
Legality of purchase  
The purchase of the ETP Securities by any prospective investor may be subject to investment laws, 
regulations and/or restrictions or review by certain authorities.  None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, 
the FCMs, the Broker Dealer of Record, the Authorised Participants and any Affiliates of such persons are 
responsible for compliance by a prospective investor of such ETP Securities (whether for its own account or 
for the account of any third party) with such investment laws, regulations and/or restrictions.  There may be 
risks to such investors which acquire or hold ETP Securities in contravention of such laws, regulations and/or 
restrictions and breach of such laws, regulations and/or restrictions may have adverse consequences 
including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences for any investor, which ultimately may impact on the 
return an investor receives on the ETP Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
7.5 
Recharacterisation risk 
The ETP Securities are issued in the form of debt securities and are listed as non-equity securities on each 
relevant Exchange.  The ETP Securities are not units in a collective investment scheme for the purposes of 
the Directive of 13 July 2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (No 2009/65/CE), as amended.   
There can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction would not apply a 
different interpretation, including recharacterising the ETP Securities as units in a collective investment 
schedule or a fund. Any such difference in interpretation may have adverse consequences (including, without 
limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor, which ultimately may impact the return an investor 
receives on the ETP Securities. 
Prospective investors should consult their professional advisers on the implications, and in particular the tax 
and accounting implications, of investment in the ETP Securities and any risk of recharacterisation of the 
ETP Securities. 
Risk rating: Low  
7.6 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") provides, among other things, 
that all alternative investment funds ("AIFs") must have a designated alternative investment fund manager 
("AIFM") with responsibility for portfolio and risk management.  
The requirements of AIFMD have, in general, taken effect from 22 July 2013. If, AIFMD were to apply to the 
Issuer, the Issuer would need to be appropriately regulated. AIFMD and any other changes to the regulation 
or regulatory treatment of the ETP Securities for some or all investors may negatively impact the regulatory

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
position of individual investors and, in addition, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the ETP 
Securities affected by such rules in the secondary market.  
Risk Rating: Low 
7.7 
Risk of Data Security Breach 
There is a risk that a security breach impacting a Programme Party could lead to a loss or theft of the Issuer’s 
or Programme Parties’ confidential data. A major data security breach could lead to significant reputational 
damage for the Issuer and/or the relevant Programme Party and result in regulatory intervention and/or fines, 
which may, in turn, negatively impact the price of the ETP Securities.   
Risk Rating: Low 
7.8  
Disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may adversely impact the Issuer 
 
The value of the Reference Assets may be impacted by numerous factors beyond the Issuer’s control, 
including global, regional, political, economic or financial events and situations (including the Covid 19 
pandemic and Russia’s invasion of the Ukraine).  These effects include spikes in volatility, lower or negative 
interest rates, widening of credit spreads and credit deterioration.  
Disruptions and volatility in global financial markets may affect the value of the Reference Assets and/or the 
Portfolio Manager’s ability to pursue an Investment Policy, which may ultimately impact the value of the ETP 
Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
7.9 
Adjourned Meetings of ETP Securityholders 
Any adjourned meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution requires a low quorum threshold. In the event 
of an adjourned meeting, the quorum requirement remains at one or more ETP Securityholders or agents 
present in person, regardless of the number of ETP Securities represented. ETP Securityholders should 
understand that any Extraordinary Resolution passed at such an adjourned meeting will be binding on all 
ETP Securityholders, irrespective of their presence at the meeting. 
 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
8. 
Risk factors relating to the Programme Parties 
 
8.1 
Risks relating to the Futures Clearing Merchant 
As a consequence of the risks set out in this risk factor 8.1, the ETP Securityholders may lose some or all of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.  
(i) 
Operational Adjustments to the FCM Account 
It is possible that the FCM may make adjustments to the operation of the FCM Account, including amending 
margin call requirements, which could adversely impact the ability of the Portfolio Manager to maintain the 
positions in the Reference Assets in order to pursue the Investment Strategy of the ETP Securities. 
Risk Rating: Medium 
(ii) 
Creditworthiness of the Futures Clearing Merchant 
Any funds that the Issuer deposits with an FCM, in its capacity as an FCM, are subject to risk of loss, including 
in the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the FCM.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
Collateral Assets in the form of cash will be held in the FCM Account or in a customer segregated account 
maintained by the FCM in accordance with section 4(d)(a)(2) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC rule 
1.20 (the “Cash Account”). 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations with respect to the ETP Securities may be dependent upon 
receipt by the Issuer of payments from the FCM or the relevant institution where the Cash Account is held 
(the “Cash Account Institution”) (if the Collateral Assets are so held). Consequently, the ETP 
Securityholders are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Collateral Assets, but also on the 
creditworthiness of the FCM and the Cash Account Institution in respect of the performance of its obligations 
for such Series of ETP Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
(iii) 
An FCM or an Exchange’s clearing house could fail 
In the event of the bankruptcy of an FCM or an Exchange’s clearing house, the Issuer could be exposed to 
a risk of loss with respect to its assets that are posted as margin. If such a bankruptcy were to occur, the 
Issuer would be afforded the protections granted to customers of a futures commission merchant and 
participants to transactions cleared through a clearing house, under the United States Bankruptcy Code and 
applicable CFTC regulations. Such provisions generally provide for a pro rata distribution to customers of 
customer property held by the bankrupt futures commission merchant or an Exchange’s clearing house if the 
customer property held by the futures commissions merchant or the Exchange’s clearing house is insufficient 
to satisfy all customer claims. In any case, there can be no assurance that these protections will be effective 
in allowing the Issuer to recover all, or even any, of the amounts it has deposited as margin.  
Bankruptcy of an FCM can be caused by, among other things, the default of one of an FCM’s customers. In 
this event, the Exchange’s clearing house is permitted to use the entire amount of margin posted by the 
Issuer (as well as margin posted by other customers of an FCM) to cover the amounts owed by the bankrupt 
FCM. Consequently, the Issuer could be unable to recover amounts due to it on its futures positions, including 
assets posted as margin, and could sustain substantial losses.  
The FCM is subject to regulations relating to enhanced customer protections, risk management programs, 
internal monitoring and controls, capital and liquidity standards, customer disclosures and auditing and 
examination programs for futures clearing merchants. There can be no assurance that the implementation of 
these regulations will prevent losses to, or not materially adversely affect, the Issuer or ultimately the ETP 
Securityholders. 
Risk Rating: Low 
 
(iv) 
Risks Related to Affiliates  
As an FCM may be dependent on group companies affiliated with the FCM ("the FCM Affiliates”) to a 
significant extent, including for access to capital and funding and for risk management, risks that could affect 
FCM Affiliates could also have a significant impact on an FCM. FCM Affiliates may face a variety of risks that 
are substantial and inherent in its businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory 
and reputational risks. Further, certain FCM Affiliates may have exposure to virtual currencies and other 
digital currencies. In the event that one or more FCM Affiliates experience materially adverse effects on their 
businesses or profitability, the FCM’s businesses, reputation or financial condition may also be adversely 
affected. Financial losses or changes in regulations could affect the ability of FCM Affiliates to contribute 
capital to an FCM, their ability to extend loans to an FCM, or their ability to continue business, investment or 
credit arrangements that the FCM currently has in place with the FCM Affiliates.  
Risk Rating: Low 
(v) 
Risks Related to the Economic Environment  
An FCM may be adversely affected by U.S. and global market and economic conditions that may cause 
fluctuations in interest rates, exchange rates, equity and commodity prices and credit spreads. The financial 
services industry and the U.S. and global financial markets are influenced by numerous unpredictable factors

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
including economic conditions, monetary and fiscal policies of various governments, the liquidity of global 
markets, availability and cost of capital, international and regional political events, acts of war or terrorism 
and investor sentiment.  
(vi) 
Customer or Counterparty Credit Risk 
An FCM may incur losses from its credit exposure related to clearing business activities. An FCM may be 
exposed to the potential for credit-related losses that can occur because of a customer or counterparty being 
unable or unwilling to honour its contractual obligations. These exposures may arise, for example, from a 
decline in the financial condition or insolvency of a customer or counterparty, from a decrease in the value of 
securities of third parties held by an FCM as collateral and from extending credit or margin to customers or 
counterparties through various arrangements. An FCM’s credit exposures could have an adverse effect on 
its business and profitability if credit losses exceed any credit provisions.  
Risk Rating: Low 
(vii) 
Operational Risk  
An FCM may incur losses arising from its exposure to operational risk. Financial services firms, including the 
FCMs, are exposed to the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, the 
actions of employees, customers, counterparties or third-party vendors and from external events. Such 
operational risks may include, for example, exposure to natural or man-made disasters, mistakes made in 
the confirmation or settlement of transactions or from the improper recording, evaluating, or accounting for 
transactions. In such instances, an FCM could suffer financial loss, disruption of its business, liability to 
customers, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage, which would affect its business and financial 
condition.  
Risk Rating: Low 
(viii) 
Reputational Risk 
Maintaining an FCM’s reputation among customers, investors and regulators is an important aspect of its 
business, and depends on many factors, including the selection of customers, the conduct of business 
activities and regulatory actions. In the event one of these factors or other risks set forth herein materialize, 
an FCM could experience market losses, loss of access to credit, or an inability to do business because of 
the adverse impact these risks may have on its reputation. 
Risk Rating: Low  
(ix) 
Liquidity Risk  
An FCM’s business and financial condition could be adversely affected by an inability to borrow funds or sell 
assets to meet obligations. Financial services firms, including an FCM, are exposed to funding liquidity risk, 
which is the potential inability to repay financial obligations (both contractual as well as behavioural) when 
due. This could be most pronounced in times of stress when tenor mismatches between funding sources and 
uses or incremental requirements put a strain on available sources of liquidity. An FCM’s liquidity could be 
impaired due to circumstances that it may be unable to control, such as general market disruptions or an 
operational problem that affects its customers, third parties or itself. An FCM’s ability to sell assets also could 
be impaired if other market participants are seeking to sell similar assets at the same time in significant 
volumes or in a thinly traded market environment. 
Risk Rating: Low 
(x) 
 Litigation Risk  
Legal proceedings could adversely affect an FCM’s operating results and financial condition for a particular 
period and have a negative impact. The FCM could be named as a defendant in legal actions, including 
arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation arising in connection with its activities as a financial services 
institution. 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
(xi)      Regulatory and Legislative Risks 
An FCM’s business is highly regulated and could be adversely affected by regulatory and legislative 
initiatives. An FCM could be subject to investigations and/or proceedings by governmental, regulatory, and 
self-regulatory authorities including federal and state securities regulators such as the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission, the CFTC, self regulatory organizations including the National Futures Association, 
the CME, and FINRA. Such investigations and proceedings could result in fines, penalties, and sanctions, 
including a loss of the necessary licenses to conduct business, as well as increased governmental and self-
regulatory scrutiny following an investigation.  
If, due to a change of applicable law or regulation, it becomes illegal for an FCM to perform its obligations 
under the LS FCM Agreement, the LS FCM Agreement will terminate. There is therefore a risk that if the 
Issuer is unable to find a replacement FCM the ETP Securities of the relevant Series will fall for mandatory 
early redemption.  In such a situation the relevant ETP Securities will be redeemed at the Mandatory 
Redemption Amount. It is possible that such amount may be less than an investor’s initial investment 
Risk Rating: Low 
(xii) 
Tax Risk  
An FCM is subject to the tax laws in all jurisdictions in which it operates. Tax risk is the risk associated with 
changes in tax law or in the interpretation or application of tax law. It also includes the risk of changes in tax 
rates and the risk of failure to comply with procedures required by tax authorities. Failure to manage tax risks 
could lead to additional tax charges or a financial penalty for failure to comply with required tax procedures 
or other aspects of tax law. 
Risk Rating: Low 
(xiii) 
Competitive Environment 
Competitive pressures in the financial services industry in which an FCM operates could adversely affect its 
business and results of operations. The futures and prime brokerage business in the United States is highly 
competitive. An FCM competes with numerous U.S. and international competitors for customers based on 
price, the range of products that it offers, the quality of its services, its financial resources, and product and 
service innovation. The financial services industry continues to be affected by an intensifying competitive 
environment, as demonstrated by the introduction of new technology platforms, consolidation through 
mergers, increased competition from new and established industry participants and diminishing margins in 
many mature products and services. Plans to enter new businesses could be unsuccessful or could expose 
the FCM to new or increased risks which, if materialised in a manner or to a degree outside of the FCM’s 
expectations, its business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely 
affected. 
Risk Rating: Low 
(xiv) 
Provision of information 
None of the Issuer, any Programme Party or any Affiliate of any such persons makes any representation as 
to the credit quality of an FCM or any Collateral Assets. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during 
the term of the ETP Securities may acquire, non-public information in relation to the FCM and/or the Collateral 
Assets which could have an adverse effect on the value of the ETP Securities. None of such persons are 
under any obligation to make such information directly available to ETP Securityholders. None of the Issuer, 
any Programme Party or any Affiliate of any such persons are under any obligation to make available any 
information relating to, or keep under review on the ETP Securityholders’ behalf, the business, financial 
conditions, prospects, creditworthiness or state of affairs of the FCM or any issuer/obligor in relation to any 
Collateral Assets or conduct any investigation or due diligence thereon or to monitor such FCM. 
Risk Rating: Low 
(xv) 
Business relationships and capacity of the FCM

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
An FCM or any FCM Affiliate may have existing or future business relationships with any Authorised 
Participant and will pursue actions and take steps that they deem or it deems necessary or appropriate to 
protect their or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for an ETP Securityholder. 
In addition, an FCM or any FCM Affiliate may make a market or hold positions in respect of any of the ETP 
Securities. From time to time, an FCM and its Affiliates may own significant amounts of ETP Securities issued 
under the Programme.  
There are no restrictions on the future business operations or activities of an FCM, and, accordingly, the 
ability of an FCM to meet its obligations under the LS FCM Agreement may be adversely affected depending 
on such future business operations or activities (the “Business Changes”). The Arranger will not be 
responsible for updating any Programme Party, including the Portfolio Manager, of any Business Changes 
and shall not be responsible for any adverse effects of such Business Changes on the ETP Securities.  
The FCM and any FCM Affiliate may actively trade futures contracts and options on assets that underlie the 
Investment Strategy linked to Series of ETP Securities, over-the-counter contracts on those assets and other 
instruments and derivative products based on such assets. Any such trading by an FCM and any FCM Affiliate 
and unaffiliated third parties could adversely affect the value of the Reference Assets to which certain Series 
of ETP Securities are linked, which could in turn affect the return on, and the value of, such Series of ETP 
Securities.  
Any FCM and/or any FCM Affiliate may also issue or underwrite other securities or financial or derivative 
instruments which compete with a Series of ETP Securities. By introducing competing products into the 
marketplace in this manner, the FCM and/or any FCM Affiliate could adversely affect the market value of 
certain ETP Securities, and therefore the amount payable on such ETP Securities on the stated maturity date 
or any early redemption date, as applicable, and the value of such ETP Securities before that date. To the 
extent that an FCM and/or any FCM Affiliate serves as issuer, agent or underwriter of, or as futures clearing 
merchant in relation to, those securities or other similar instruments, their interests with respect to those 
products may be adverse to the interests of an ETP Securityholder.  
Risk Rating: Low 
(xvi) 
Lack of third party execution agents 
An FCM may rely on the services of  third party entities to provide technology solutions for the execution of 
futures contracts. There is a risk that if no third party is able to provide such services then the FCM may be 
unable to trade the futures contracts which may result in adverse consequences for the ETP Securityholders.  
Risk Rating: Low 
8.2 
Other business activities of Authorised Participants  
The Authorised Participants and/or their respective Affiliates may be active traders, in the futures markets 
and the over-the-counter markets. These trading activities may present a conflict between the interests of 
holders of the ETP Securities and the interests the Authorised Participants and their respective Affiliates may 
have in their proprietary accounts, in facilitating transactions, including options and other derivatives 
transactions, for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities, if they 
influence the value of an Investment Strategy which a Series of ETP Securities pursues could be adverse to 
the interests of the ETP Securityholders.  
Such activities could give rise to conflicts of interest which are adverse to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders and could adversely affect the market value of such ETP Securities. With respect to any of 
the activities described above, none of the Authorised Participants or any of their respective Affiliates has 
any obligation to the Issuer to take the needs of any buyers, sellers or holders of the ETP Securities into 
consideration at any time. 
Risk Rating: Low

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
8.3 
Determination Agent 
Calculation Agent Services LLC will act as Determination Agent. The Determination Agent will, pursuant to 
the provisions of the Determination Agency Agreement and the Conditions, make various non-discretionary 
calculations, that affect the ETP Securities, including calculating, among other things, the ETP Security Value 
and the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount. 
The value of the ETP Securities could be adversely affected by such calculations. In making such calculations 
the Determination Agent will depend upon timely and accurate provision of information and certain constituent 
values of the relevant formulae which are provided to the Determination Agent by various parties, including, 
but not limited to, the FCM and the Issuer. Any consequent variation in the value of the amounts required to 
be calculated by the Determination Agent could result in a change to value of the ETP Securities. 
Risk Rating: Low 
8.4 
Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual ETP 
Securityholders and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any ETP Securityholder be entitled to 
claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise 
upon individual ETP Securityholders.  
Accordingly, a situation would potentially arise whereby the Trustee takes a certain action and in doing so 
will have regard to the interests of the ETP Securityholders as a class, however such action may not be in 
the best interests of a particular individual ETP Securityholder, for example such action may have an adverse 
tax consequence for such individual ETP Securityholder.   
Risk Rating: Low 
8.5 
Common Ownership of Arranger, Portfolio Manager, Determination Agent and Broker Dealer 
of Record 
Prospective investors should be aware that the Broker Dealer of Record, the Portfolio Manager and the 
Determination Agent are under the common ownership of Jose Gonzalez who is also a director and ultimate 
majority shareholder of the Arranger.  
Where such entities are acting, they will have only the duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by them 
in the relevant capacity and will not, by virtue of being related to an entity acting in any other capacity, be 
deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as 
expressly provided with respect to each such capacity.  
For example, GWM Limited will not be responsible for the liabilities of Calculation Agent Services LLC, despite 
the fact that both entities are under common ownership.  Therefore if the Issuer has a claim against the 
Determination Agent and the Determination Agent cannot satisfy such claim in full, the Issuer shall have no 
recourse against GWM Limited in its capacity as Broker Dealer of Record in respect of such claim.  The value 
of the ETP Securities may be negatively impacted in such circumstances. 
Risk Rating: Low 
8.6 
Issuer’s right to replace agents and providers 
The Issuer reserves the right to replace the FCM, the Portfolio Manager, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Broker Dealer of Record, the Determination Agent, and any other agents or providers herein 
at its sole discretion, without the consent of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders, in order to ensure the 
efficient operation of the Programme. In addition, prior to the enforcement of the Security for the Secured 
Obligations, the Issuer has the right to replace the Trustee without the consent of the Trustee or the ETP 
Securityholders. Accordingly, a situation could arise whereby an agent or service provider is appointed by 
the Issuer, however such appointment would not otherwise have taken place if the consent of the Trustee or 
the ETP Securityholders was required (as the Trustee or ETP Securityholders would not have consented to 
such appointment).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
Risk rating: Low

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Under the Collateralised Exchange Traded Securities Programme described in this Base Prospectus,  L S 
Limited  (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time 
to time issue collateralised exchange traded securities which provide Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure 
to the price of certain Underlying Assets by investing in Reference Assets and by pursuing a stated 
investment strategy, on the terms set out herein, as completed by the final terms in respect of the relevant 
ETP Securities (the “Final Terms”). The aggregate number of ETP Securities issued under the Programme 
will not at any time exceed 5,000,000,000,000. Investors should note that the Issuer anticipates that the Base 
Prospectus and other Programme Documents (as defined herein) may be amended from time to time to 
permit the Issuer to issue series of ETP Securities backed by asset classes other than as described herein 
and to pursue investment strategies other than those described herein. 
The ETP Securities may offer long or short exposure to the performance of the digital currencies underlying 
such Investment Strategies. 
ETP Securities will be issued in Series (as defined in the section entitled “Description of the Programme”) 
and each Series will be secured in favour of the Trustee for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Creditors 
(as described in the section entitled “Security Arrangements”). Claims against the Issuer by holders of the 
ETP Securities of a particular Series or of any other party to a Programme Document (save as otherwise 
disclosed in the risk factor entitled “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks” on page 29)  
in respect of that Series, will be limited to the Secured Property applicable to that Series.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (the “SFSA”), as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The SFSA only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the ETP Securities that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the ETP 
Securities. 
If the net proceeds of the enforcement of the security over the Secured Property for a Series are not 
sufficient to make all payments then due in respect of the ETP Securities of that Series and, if 
applicable, the other Secured Obligations (as defined herein), the obligations of the Issuer will be 
limited to such net proceeds and the other assets of the Issuer will not be available to meet any 
shortfall. The Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in excess of such net proceeds 
and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect of such shortfall. Furthermore, the ETP 
Securityholders, or any person on their behalf, will not be able to take any action against the Issuer 
(including instituting, or joining with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining, bankruptcy, 
insolvency or examinership proceedings (whether court based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer) 
to recover any such shortfall. 
The ETP Securities will be obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity. 
The Issuer has requested the SFSA to notify the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 
25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the Commissione Nazionale per la Societá e la Borsa of Italy, Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores of Spain, Financial Market Authority (FMA) of Austria, the Bundesanstalt 
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht of Germany, Autorité des Marchés Financiers of France, the Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten (Authority for the Financial Markets) of the Netherlands, the Danish Financial Supervisory 
Authority (DFSA) of Denmark, the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (FIN-SA) of Finland, the Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) of Norway and the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority 
by providing them with, inter alia, certificates of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn 
up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the SFSA to provide competent 
authorities in other EEA Member States with such certificates whether for the purposes of making a public 
offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of all or any Series of ETP Securities on a regulated 
market therein or both. 
Application may be made for ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the Italian Stock Exchange and/or SeDeX.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
Application may be made for the ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange.  
Application may be made for the ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to listing and 
trading on Nasdaq Stockholm AB. 
The ETP Securities may also be listed on additional stock exchanges and admitted to trading on additional 
markets as specified in the Final Terms. 
References in this Base Prospectus to ETP Securities being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such ETP Securities have been admitted to trading on regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities 
for the purposes of MiFID II.  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any ETP Securities will specify which exchange(s) or 
trading facilities the ETP Securities will be admitted to trading on. 
ETP Securities are complex, structured products involving a significant degree of risk. In particular, 
an investment in ETP Securities giving short and/or leveraged exposure to the performance of the 
assets underlying the applicable Investment Strategy is only appropriate for investors that 
understand the increased risk caused by such features. Prospective purchasers of ETP Securities 
should obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and should consult their own 
professional investment advisors in order to determine the merits and risks of an investment in the 
ETP Securities and the suitability to them of an investment to them in the light of their own 
circumstances and financial condition. The ETP Securities involve a high degree of risk and potential 
investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment. See “Risk Factors” 
on pages 16 to 44. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the price of the underlying asset(s) to which the ETP 
Securities are linked can demonstrate higher volatility than other assets and consequently the value 
of the ETP Securities may be extremely volatile. 
This Base Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the ETP Securities. This Base 
Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered 
as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Portfolio Manager, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the FCM or any other Programme Party that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should 
purchase the ETP Securities. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC") has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent under 
Article 4 of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of the ETP Securities. The JFSC is 
protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the 
discharge of its functions under that Law.  A copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered to the registrar 
of companies in accordance with Article 5 of the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and 
the registrar has given, and has not withdrawn, consent to its circulation. It must be distinctly understood that, 
in giving these consents, neither the registrar of companies nor the JFSC takes any responsibility for the 
financial soundness of the company or for the correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, 
with regard to it. 
The investments described in this document do not constitute a collective investment fund for the 
purpose of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they 
are investment products designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge 
of, and  experience of investing in, such investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks 
involved in making such investments and who have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable 
them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making such investments. These 
investments are not regarded by the JFSC as suitable investments for any other type of investor. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this document should consult his 
or her professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with 
making such an investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise 
from it. 
The JFSC does not opine on, or otherwise endorse, whether the Issuer falls within the scope of the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
Collective Investment Funds (Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. Accordingly, the JFSC takes 
no responsibility should the issuer fail to meet the conditions of the Collective Investment Funds 
(Restriction of Scope) (Jersey) Order 2000. 
Neither the Issuer nor the activities of any functionary with regard to the issue of the ETP Securities 
are subject to all of the provisions of the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for all information contained in this document. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this document is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for 12 months after its approval, provided that it is completed by 
any supplement required pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer shall have 
no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or inaccuracy when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under the applicable law. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Reference Assets" 
consists only of extracts from, or summaries of, publicly available information. Such publicly 
available information was not prepared in connection with the offering of the ETP Securities. The 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information published in relation to the Relevant Assets, no 
facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Arranger” consists only of 
information provided to the Issuer by Leverage Shares Management Company Limited. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by Leverage Shares Management Company 
Limited, no facts have been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Portfolio Manager” consists only 
of information provided to the Issuer by the Portfolio Manager listed therein. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by the Portfolio Manager, no facts have been omitted 
which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Futures Clearing Merchants” 
consists only of information provided to the Issuer by Hidden Road Partners CIS US LLC and 
Interactive Brokers LLC. The Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such 
information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
Hidden Road Partners CIS US LLC, and Interactive Brokers LLC no facts have been omitted which 
would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Determination Agent” consists 
only of information provided to the Issuer by Calculation Agent Services LLC. The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by Calculation Agent Services LLC, no facts have been 
omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The information in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “The Authorised Participant” consists 
only of information provided to the Issuer by the Initial Authorised Participant.  The Issuer accepts 
responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by the Initial Authorised Participant no facts have been 
omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
New information with respect to Authorised Participants unknown at the time of the approval of the 
Base Prospectus will be published on the Issuer's website. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(“Non-exempt Offers”) in Sweden, Italy, Germany, France, Austria, Spain, Netherlands, Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland and Norway (the “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction”). Any person making or intending 
to make a non-exempt Offer of ETP Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only 
with the Issuer's consent as described below and must state on its own website that it is using the 
Base Prospectus with the consent described below and the conditions attached thereto. In the 
context of any Non-exempt Offer of ETP Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
“Investor”) who purchases any ETP Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by an “Authorised 
Offeror” (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer 
by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other 
person in connection with any offer of the ETP Securities in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without 
the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Arranger accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the 
persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered ETP Securities by a person which is 
not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible 
for this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person 
is. If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is 
responsible for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
The Issuer expressly consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant 
time, if applicable) and accepts responsibility for the content of this Base Prospectus with respect to 
the subsequent resale or final placement of the ETP Securities in connection with any Non-exempt 
Offer of a Series of ETP Securities in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final Terms by or to each of the following 
financial intermediaries (each, an "Authorised Offeror"), namely each Authorised Participant which 
either: 
(i) 
is expressly named as an Authorised Offeror in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
is expressly named as an Authorised Participant on the Issuer's website: 
www.leverageshares.com (in which case, its name and address will be published on 
the Issuer’s website).  
The consent referred to above relates to made during the Offer Period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
An Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus is required to publish on its website that it uses 
this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions attached 
thereto. 
Arrangements between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror who will distribute the ETP Securities 
Neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the FCMs, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Broker Dealer of Record, the Portfolio Manager or the Determination Agent 
have any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any ETP Securities from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and 
offers and sales of the ETP Securities to such Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance 
with any terms and other arrangements in place between that Authorised Offeror and such Investor including 
as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer"). 
The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with such Investor and, accordingly, this Base 
Prospectus does not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall 
be provided to such Investor by that Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is made. None of the 
Issuer or, for the avoidance of doubt, the FCMs, the Trustee or other Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
The Authorised Participants, the FCMs, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Broker Dealer of Record, the Portfolio Manager and the Determination Agent have not 
separately verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Authorised Participants, the 
FCMs, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Broker Dealer of 
Record, the Portfolio Manager or the Determination Agent as to the accuracy or completeness of the financial 
information contained herein, or any other financial statements or any further information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any of the ETP Securities or their distribution. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or further information supplied 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the ETP Securities and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuer, any Authorised 
Participant, the FCMs, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the 
Broker Dealer of Record, the Portfolio Manager or the Determination Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
or the ETP Securities are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by or on behalf of any of the Issuer or 
any Authorised Participant, the FCMs, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the Broker Dealer of Record,  the Portfolio Manager or the Determination Agent that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any 
of the ETP Securities should subscribe for or purchase any of the ETP Securities. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
The delivery of the Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other financial 
statements or any further information supplied pursuant to the terms of the Programme or any of the ETP 
Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each of the Authorised Participants, the FCMs, the Paying Agents, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, the Broker Dealer of Record, the Portfolio Manager or the Determination Agent expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the validity, effectiveness or adequacy 
of any security provided by the Issuer during the term of the Programme. 
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the SFSA as a result of issuing the ETP Securities.   
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of ETP Securities and on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale”. This Base Prospectus does not constitute 
an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any Authorised Participant, any FCM, the Paying Agents, the 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Broker Dealer of Record, the Portfolio Manager or 
the Determination Agent to subscribe for, or purchase, any ETP Securities.  
ETP Securities may be offered to retail clients, professional clients and other eligible counterparties. This 
Base Prospectus identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective investor should consider 
prior to making an investment in the ETP Securities. However, a prospective investor should, without any 
reliance on the Issuer, the Trustee, the FCMs or any Authorised Participant or any of their respective Affiliates, 
conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal and tax analysis) prior to deciding 
whether to invest in any ETP Securities issued under the Programme. Any evaluation of the suitability for an

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
investor of an investment in ETP Securities issued under the Programme depends upon a prospective 
investor’s particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on specific terms of the relevant ETP 
Securities and, if it does not have experience in financial, business and investment matters sufficient to permit 
it to make such a determination, it should consult with its financial adviser prior to deciding whether or not to 
make an investment in the ETP Securities.  
The ETP Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the ETP 
Securities must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances and should 
consult with its legal, business, tax advisers and such other advisers as it deems appropriate to determine 
the consequences of an investment in the ETP Securities and to arrive at its own evaluations of the 
investment. 
 
The ETP Securities are only suitable for acquisition by a person who (a) has a significantly substantial asset 
base such as would enable him to sustain any loss that might be incurred as a result of acquiring the ETP 
Securities and (b) is sufficiently financially sophisticated to be reasonably expected to know the risks involved 
in acquiring the ETP Securities.  In particular, each potential investor should: 
 
(a)  
be financially sophisticated in that it either (i) has the requisite knowledge and experience in financial, 
business and investment matters and of investing in investments offering a similar economic 
exposure to the ETP Securities, and access to, and knowledge of, appropriate resources, to evaluate 
the information contained in this document and the relevant Final Terms and the merits and risks of 
an investment in the ETP Securities in the context of such investors’ financial position and 
circumstances; or (ii) if it does not have such knowledge, experience and access, have consulted 
with appropriate advisers who do have such knowledge, experience and access; 
 
(b)  
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the ETP Securities and the impact the ETP Securities 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(c)  
understand thoroughly the terms of the ETP Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of the 
market of the Reference Assets and the Investment Strategy relating to a particular Series of ETP 
Securities and any relevant financial markets; and 
 
(d)  
have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable it to sustain any loss that they might suffer 
as a result of an investment in the ETP Securities and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity 
to bear all of the risks of an investment in the ETP Securities including, without limitation, any currency 
exposure arising from the currency for payments being different to the prospective investor’s 
currency. 
 
If a prospective investor is in any doubt as to whether the ETP Securities are a suitable investment for it, it 
should consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the ETP 
Securities. 
 
This Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Arranger, the Authorised Participants or the FCMs make any recommendation as to the 
suitability of the ETP Securities as an investment. The provision of this Base Prospectus to prospective 
investors is not based on any prospective investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon 
as an assessment of suitability for any prospective investor in the ETP Securities. Even if the Issuer, the 
Trustee, any of the Authorised Participants, the FCMs or any of their respective Affiliates possess limited 
information as to the objectives of any prospective investor in relation to any transaction, series of 
transactions or trading strategy, this will not be deemed sufficient for any assessment of suitability for such 
person of the ETP Securities. Any trading or investment decisions a prospective investor takes are in reliance 
on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its advisers and not in reliance on the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Authorised Participants, the FCMs or any of their respective Affiliates.  
In particular, each prospective investor in the ETP Securities must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of 
the ETP Securities (i) is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the ETP Securities in a fiduciary capacity, 
the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the ETP Securities as

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring 
the ETP Securities in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks 
inherent in investing in or holding the ETP Securities. 
Each prospective investor in ETP Securities should have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
all of the risks of an investment in the relevant ETP Securities, including, without limitation, where the currency 
for payments is different from the potential investor’s currency, the associated currency exposure. See 
"Exchange rate risks and exchange controls" above.  
Investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) the ETP Securities are legal investments for it, (ii) if relevant, the 
ETP Securities can be used as underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or, if relevant, pledge, of any ETP Securities. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of ETP Securities under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
MIFID II Product Governance / Target Market  
The Final Terms in respect of any ETP Securities may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the ETP Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the ETP Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination may be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (“MiFID II Product Governance”), any dealer 
subscribing for any ETP Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such ETP Securities, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
MIFID II Product Governance. Neither any Authorised Participant nor any of their affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of MiFID II Product Governance. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any ETP Securities includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the ETP Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC (as 
amended, the “Insurance Mediation Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the ETP Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the ETP Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
All references in this document to “£”, “pounds”, “Pounds Sterling” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom, all references to “$”, “US$”, “USD” and “US dollars” are to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, references to “CHF” and “Swiss Francs” are references to the lawful currency of 
Switzerland, references to “HK$”, “HKD” and “Hong Kong dollars” are references to the lawful currency of the 
Hong Kong SAR, references to “JPY”, “JP Yen”, “¥”, “JP¥” and “Japanese Yen” are references to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to “€”, “euro” and “EUR”, are to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer’s website and other websites referred to in this document and the 
contents thereof do not form part of this Base Prospectus unless explicitly specified.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
 
  
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE ETP SECURITIES 
Overview of the ETP Securities 
 
The Issuer may from time to time issue collateralised exchange traded securities under the Programme, that 
pursue an Investment Strategy. Series of ETP Securities can provide a Leveraged Exposure or Short 
Exposure to the price of Underlying Assets by investing in Reference Assets. Details of the Underlying Assets 
and the Reference Assets will be set out in the relevant Investment Strategy. 
 
The ETP Security Value will reflect the value of the Collateral Assets which will be comprised of the Reference 
Assets selected in accordance with the Investment Strategy taking into account the applicable Leverage 
Factor and any cash. 
 
Post issuance information in relation to composition of the Collateral Assets of each Series of ETP Securities 
will be detailed daily on the Issuer’s website www.leverageshares.com. 
 
Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures  
 
The net proceeds of issuance shall be invested in the Reference Assets referenced by such Investment 
Strategy taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor.  
 
Leveraged Exposure 
 
Where the Series of ETP Securities provides a Leveraged Exposure, this means that the ETP Security Value 
will increase on any day on which the value of the Underlying Asset increases, and will decrease if the value 
of the Underlying Asset falls on such day (in each case excluding the effects of any applicable fees and 
adjustments).  
The Issuer will take net long positions by acting as the buyer of the futures contract.  
By taking a long position, the value of the Issuer’s position in the futures contract may increase if the price of 
the Underlying Asset increases. Conversely, the Issuer may be required to make payments to the extent that 
the price of Underlying Asset decreases over the term of the futures contract. The potential loss of the Issuer 
in respect of any long position is limited to the amount of the contract settlement price.  
Short Exposure 
 
Where the Series of ETP Securities provides a Short Exposure, this means that the ETP Security Value will 
increase on any day on which the value of the Underlying Asset decreases, and will decrease if the value of 
the Underlying Asset increases on such day (in each case excluding the effects of any applicable fees and 
adjustments). 
 
The Issuer will take net short positions by acting as the seller of futures contracts.  
By taking a short position, the value of the Issuer’s position in the futures contract will increase if the price of 
the Underlying Asset decreases. Conversely, the Issuer will be required to make payments to the extent that 
the price of Underlying Asset increases over the term of the futures contract.  
Limiting Losses on Leveraged and Short Exposures 
Any losses incurred on the Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures will lead to a reduction in the amount 
of Collateral Assets. The Portfolio Manager will be responsible for monitoring the potential losses on the 
Leveraged Exposures and Short Exposures to ensure that they do not exceed the amount of the Collateral 
Assets.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
At the end of each Rebalance Period, each FCM Account will be reconstituted, in accordance with the 
Portfolio Management Agreement to ensure leverage levels are in line with the relevant Investment Strategy. 
This will be achieved by buying or selling futures contracts, as the case may be. 
In addition, as set out in the Investment Strategy in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, there is a possibility 
of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Rebalance (as defined below). During a Rebalance Period in which an 
Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered, the Rebalance Period return of the relevant Series of ETP Securities 
will not be equal to the Leverage Factor of such Series multiplied by the Rebalance Period price change of 
the respective Reference Assets. Such unscheduled adjustment seeks to protect the holder of ETP Securities 
providing Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure in the event of extreme market movements during 
Rebalance Periods by crystallising the losses incurred up to that point.  
"Unscheduled Rebalance" means an unscheduled rebalance occurring on a Valuation Date on which the 
rebalancing mechanism referenced in the relevant Investment Strategy in respect of a Series of ETP 
Securities has been triggered by a change in the price of the corresponding Reference Asset of such 
Investment Strategy by more than the relevant trigger level for the Investment Strategy in accordance with 
its methodology. 
 
Rebalance Period return and simulated examples 
 
Each ETP Security offering Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure has a Rebalance Period as set out in the 
Investment Strategy or in the Final Terms. At the end of such Rebalance Period, the Portfolio Manager will 
instruct the FCM to reconstitute the FCM Account so that, at the beginning of the immediately following 
Rebalancing Period, the ETP Securities offer their Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure to the price of 
Underlying Assets determined by their stated Leverage Factor. If the Rebalance Period is longer than a day, 
the exposure of such ETP Securities to their Reference Assets will not be rebalanced daily to maintain such 
exposure constant by reference to the Leverage Factor. As such, the effective level of Leveraged Exposure 
or Short Exposure offered by such ETP Securities, as the case may be, will vary on each day of the Rebalance 
Period as prices of the Underlying Assets fluctuate and subscriptions and redemptions are fulfilled by the 
Issuer on a daily basis. 
Simulated Examples 
For the purposes of this sub-section and the simulated examples below, “ETP Security” will refer to 
ETP Securities offering Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure with a Rebalance Period of one day. 
Each ETP Security is "daily leveraged" in that on any given day, the change in the ETP Security Value 
(excluding the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments) will reflect the performance of the relevant 
Investment Strategy on that day. The ETP Securities seek to pursue the relevant Investment Strategy for a 
single Valuation Date only, as measured from the closing price on that Valuation Date to the closing price on 
the immediately following Valuation Date, and not for any other period. The return of ETP Securities for a 
period longer than one day is the result of its return for each day compounded over all days in that period.   
The simulated returns included in the charts set out below are included merely as examples of possible 
eventualities in order to demonstrate the relationship between the price of ETP Securities (in each case 
excluding the effects of any applicable fees, adjustments and the principal protection component, and 
assuming that no Disruption Event or Adjustment Event occurs) and the performance of the relevant 
Reference Asset.  
The charts below illustrate, for a simulated Series of ETP Securities with Leverage Factors of 3x and -3x, 
which reference hypothetical daily returns for the same Investment Strategy; (i) how daily returns are 
calculated on each Valuation Date (Chart 1) and (ii) how the ETP Security Value can develop over periods 
of more than one Valuation Date (Chart 2).  For comparison purposes, the simulated examples below exclude 
the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chart 1 – Daily Return of Simulated ETP Securities

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chart 2 – Price of Simulated ETP Securities

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chart 3 
 
 
Chart 3 shows how Bitcoin futures contracts, performed between 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2023. 
It also shows the performance of a simulated 3X daily leveraged exposure to Bitcoin futures and -3x daily 
inverse leveraged exposure to Bitcoin futures performed over the same period (which for comparison 
purposes excludes the effects of applicable fees and adjustments).

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Charts 4.a and 4.b show the impact of an Unscheduled Rebalance of the ETP Securities in two hypothetical 
scenarios.  The Unscheduled Rebalance is a mechanism which only occurs in the event of an extreme price 
movement in the Reference Asset, as defined in the Investment Strategy methodology for the relevant Series 
of ETP Securities. In this scenario, the relevant Series of ETP Securities undergoes an Unscheduled 
Rebalance when the Reference Asset experiences a specified percentage decline in price on an intraday 
basis.  This Unscheduled Rebalance follows the same mechanics as the standard end of day rebalance, 
effectively “resetting” the ETP Security’s leveraged exposure back to the Leverage Factor applicable to such 
Series of ETP Securities. In the event that an Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered, the return of the ETP 
Security on the day in which the Unscheduled Rebalance occurred is expected to differ from the daily 
performance of the Reference Asset multiplied by the Leverage Factor, more so than it would on a day in 
which no Unscheduled Rebalance occurred. This performance difference is illustrated in Charts 4.a and 4.b 
below. 
 
Chart 4.a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chart 4.b

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As a consequence of the leveraged returns over periods longer than one day (excluding the effects of any 
applicable fees and adjustments):  
(a) the return of such ETP Securities will likely differ from the product of the Reference Asset return and the 
Leverage Factor; and  
(b) an ETP Security will lose value if the relevant Reference Asset’s performance is flat (i.e. has a zero or 
close to zero return); and  
(c) it is possible for an ETP Security with Leveraged Exposure to the price of Underlying Assets by investing 
in Reference Assets to lose value even if the relevant Underlying Asset’s return is positive. Similarly it is 
possible for an ETP Security with a Short Exposure to the price of Underlying Assets by investing in 
Reference Assets to lose value even if the relevant Underlying Asset’s return is negative; and  
(d) the risks in (a) to (c) will be magnified for longer holding periods, higher Reference Asset volatility and 
higher leverage.  
The examples below (which for comparison exclude the effects of any applicable fees and adjustments) 
illustrate how simulated ETP Securities, which track hypothetical daily returns of a Reference Asset, can 
behave over periods longer than one day. Each example shows simulated ETP Securities with Leverage 
Factors of 3x, and -3x tracking the same hypothetical Reference Asset. In each example, the return on the 
ETP Securities for each day is equal to the product of the return of the Reference Asset for that day and the 
relevant Leverage Factor. 
Examples of the return of such ETP Securities differing from the product of the Reference Asset’s 
return and the Leverage Factor 
 
Example (a.1) below shows a hypothetical scenario of a sideways trending market, which corresponds to a 
pattern in which the market moves in a relatively narrow range and where the initial level and final level of 
the market over the relevant period is similar. The bottom two rows in the table show (1) the cumulative return 
of the simulated ETP Securities and the hypothetical Reference Asset measured over a five-day period, and 
(2) the cumulative return of the Reference Asset over that five-day period multiplied by the Leverage Factor 
of each such ETP Securities (the "Reference Asset Leveraged Return"). 
 
Although the simulated daily return on the ETP Securities for each of the five days is equal to the product of 
the return of the Reference Asset for that day and the applicable Leverage Factor, over the entire five-day 
period the cumulative return of each simulated ETP Security is different to the Reference Asset Leveraged 
Return. Due to the nature of compounded daily leveraged returns over more than one day, this result is typical 
of a flat or sideways trending market.  
 
Example (a.1)

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
Period 
Leverage Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
-3x 
Day 1  
Beginning Value 
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
Return 
4.00%
8.00%
12.00%
-4.00%
-12.00%
Ending Value 
£104.00
£108.00
£112.00
£96.00
£88.00
Day 2 
Return 
-5.00%
-
10.00%
-15.00%
5.00%
15.00%
Ending Value 
£98.80
£97.20
£95.20
£100.80
£101.20
Day 3 
Return 
3.00%
6.00%
9.00%
-3.00%
-9.00%
Ending Value 
£101.76
£103.03
£103.77
£97.78
£92.09
Day 4 
Return 
5.00%
10.00%
15.00%
-5.00%
-15.00%
Ending Value 
£106.85
£113.34
£119.33
£92.89
£78.28
Day 5  
Return 
-4.00%
-8.00%
-12.00%
4.00%
12.00%
Ending Value 
£102.58
£104.27
£105.01
£96.60
£87.67
Entire 5-
day period 
Cumulative 
Return 
2.58%
4.27%
5.01%
-3.40%
-12.33%
Theoretical 
Return = 
Cumulative 
Return of 
Reference Asset 
x Product 
Leverage Factor 
2.58%
5.16%
7.73%
-2.58%
-7.73%
Difference 
Cumulative 
Return - 
Theoretical 
Return 
0.00%
-0.89%
-2.72%
-0.82%
-4.59%
 
Example (a.2) below shows a hypothetical scenario in which the market is trending in one direction (in this 
case upwards). The five-day cumulative return of the simulated ETP Securities "outperforms" the five-day 
return of the Reference Asset Leveraged Return. This is seen where the simulated ETP Securities have 
higher (more positive) returns than the relevant Reference Asset Leveraged Return.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
Example (a.2)  
 
Period 
Leverage 
Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
-3x 
Day 1  
Beginning 
Value 
£100.00
£100.0
0
£100.0
0
£100.0
0
£100.00
Return 
5.00%
10.00%
15.00%
-5.00%
-15.00%
Ending 
Value 
£105.00
£110.0
0
£115.0
0
£95.00
£85.00
Day 2 
Return 
6.00%
12.00%
18.00%
-6.00%
-18.00%
Ending 
Value 
£111.30
£123.2
0
£135.7
0
£89.30
£69.70
Day 3 
Return 
-1.00%
-2.00%
-3.00%
1.00%
3.00%
Ending 
Value 
£110.19
£120.7
4
£131.6
3
£90.19
£71.79
Day 4 
Return 
5.00%
10.00%
15.00%
-5.00%
-15.00%
Ending 
Value 
£115.70
£132.8
1
£151.3
7
£85.68
£61.02
Day 5  
Return 
7.00%
14.00%
21.00%
-7.00%
-21.00%
Ending 
Value 
£123.80
£151.4
0
£183.1
6
£79.69
£48.21
Entire 5-
day period 
Cumulativ
e Return 
23.80%
51.40%
83.16%
-
20.31%
-51.79%
Theoretica
l Return = 
Cumulativ
e Return 
of 
Reference 
Asset x 
Product 
Leverage 
Factor 
23.80%
47.59%
71.39%
-
23.80%
-71.39%
Difference 
Cumulativ
e Return - 
Theoretica
l Return 
0.00%
3.81%
11.78%
3.48%
19.59%
 
 
Example of an ETP Security losing value if the relevant Reference Asset’s performance is flat (i.e. has 
a zero or close to zero return)

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
Example (b) below demonstrates a hypothetical scenario in which the cumulative return of the Reference 
Asset over a period longer than one day is flat (i.e. zero or close to zero). The simulated ETP Securities all 
exhibit negative cumulative returns over the period. 
 
 
Example (b) 
 
Period 
Leverage 
Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
-3x 
Day 1  
Beginning 
Value 
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
Return 
-10.00%
-20.00%
-30.00%
10.00%
30.00%
Ending Value 
£90.00
£80.00
£70.00
£110.00
£130.00
Day 2 
Return 
11.11%
22.22%
33.33%
-11.11%
-33.33%
Ending Value 
£100.00
£97.78
£93.33
£97.78
£86.67
Entire 2-
day period 
Cumulative 
Return 
0.00%
-2.22%
-6.67%
-2.22%
-13.33%
 
 
Example (c) below demonstrates a hypothetical scenario in which the cumulative return of the Reference 
Asset over a period longer than one day is positive, but the simulated ETP Securities exhibit a negative 
return. 
 
 
Example (c) 
 
Period 
Leverage 
Factor 
Reference 
Asset 
ETP Security 
1x 
2x 
3x 
-1x 
-3x 
Day 1  
Beginning 
Value 
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
£100.00
Return 
-10.00%
-20.00%
-30.00%
10.00%
30.00%
Ending 
Value 
£90.00
£80.00
£70.00
£110.00
£130.00
Day 2 
Return 
12.00%
24.00%
36.00%
-12.00%
-36.00%
Ending 
Value 
£100.80
£99.20
£95.20
£96.80
£83.20
Entire 2-
day period 
Cumulative 
Return 
0.80%
-0.80%
-4.80%
-3.20%
-16.80%
 
 
 
Examples of risks being magnified by longer holding periods, higher volatility and higher leverage 
 
The effect of increasing volatility

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
The charts below show the performance of simulated ETP Securities with Leverage Factors of 3x (chart d.1) 
and -3x (chart d.2) over one year for a number of combinations of Reference Asset returns (vertical axis) and 
volatility (horizontal axis). The charts illustrate that for holding periods longer than one day (in this case one 
year), the return of ETP Securities decreases as the volatility of the Reference Asset increases (looking left 
to right), for a specified Reference Asset return. The shaded areas indicate combinations where ETP 
Securities can be expected to return less than the Reference Asset return over the one year holding period. 
 
Chart d.1 
1 year 
return of 
Reference 
Asset 
Reference 
Asset Short 
return (return 
of the 
Reference 
Asset 
multiplied by 
3) 
Simulated 1 year returns of ETP with Leverage Factor 3x 
1 year volatility of the Reference Asset 
10.0% 
20.0% 
30.0% 
40.0% 
50.0% 
50.0%
150.0%
229.7%
174.1%
129.2%
61.4%
11.9%
40.0%
120.0%
161.6%
128.8%
75.8%
32.6%
-10.9%
30.0%
90.0%
107.8%
82.5%
54.0%
7.1%
-37.8%
20.0%
60.0%
65.6%
44.2%
10.4%
-22.8%
-44.6%
10.0%
30.0%
27.0%
14.9%
-12.3%
-38.5%
-55.9%
0.0%
0.0%
-4.7%
-19.1%
-37.1%
-49.1%
-71.9%
-10.0%
-30.0%
-30.0%
-37.9%
-53.4%
-65.5%
-74.9%
-20.0%
-60.0%
-51.5%
-56.6%
-66.8%
-75.2%
-83.7%
-30.0%
-90.0%
-67.6%
-72.1%
-75.6%
-83.5%
-89.7%
-40.0%
-120.0%
-79.1%
-81.7%
-85.1%
-89.6%
-93.3%
-50.0%
-150.0%
-88.1%
-89.7%
-91.4%
-94.1%
-95.8%
 
Chart d.2 
1 year 
return of 
Reference 
Asset 
Reference 
Asset Short 
return (return 
of the 
Reference 
Asset 
multiplied by -
3) 
Simulated 1 year returns of ETP with Leverage Factor -3x 
1 year volatility of the Reference Asset 
10.0% 
20.0% 
30.0% 
40.0% 
50.0% 
50.0%
-150.0%
-72.4%
-74.6%
-80.7%
-85.3%
-90.7%
40.0%
-120.0%
-65.2%
-69.8%
-75.3%
-82.2%
-88.1%
30.0%
-90.0%
-56.1%
-62.5%
-70.9%
-78.0%
-84.0%
20.0%
-60.0%
-44.8%
-51.6%
-60.4%
-68.4%
-80.9%
10.0%
-30.0%
-28.2%
-39.8%
-49.3%
-62.5%
-76.3%
0.0%
0.0%
-4.0%
-14.8%
-28.8%
-53.0%
-63.9%
-10.0%
30.0%
30.5%
12.7%
-3.9%
-31.4%
-58.6%
-20.0%
60.0%
87.7%
60.4%
30.6%
-6.5%
-36.7%

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
-30.0%
90.0%
179.8%
148.5%
80.9%
43.0%
-0.1%
-40.0%
120.0%
332.4%
279.1%
196.4%
118.6%
59.0%
-50.0%
150.0%
657.2%
569.4%
397.9%
293.1%
147.6%
 
The simulation in the charts above assumes a randomly determined daily Reference Asset return ending with 
the specified cumulative Reference Asset return over one year. For ease of illustration, the returns of the 
simulated +3x and -3x ETP Securities are calculated excluding the effects of any applicable fees and 
adjustments. 
 
The effect of longer holding periods 
 
The chart below shows the performance of a simulated Reference Asset with an annualised volatility of 25% 
and simulated ETP Securities with Leverage Factors of 3x and -3x. For each holding period (horizontal axis) 
and each cumulative return of the Reference Asset over such holding period (vertical axis), the chart shows 
the cumulative return of a simulated ETP Security versus the Reference Asset Leveraged Return over that 
period. The charts below illustrate that, for the same Reference Asset return, the cumulative return of ETP 
Security decreases as the holding period increases (looking left to right). The shaded areas indicate 
combinations where the relevant simulated ETP Securities can be expected to return less than the Reference 
Asset Leveraged Return over the holding period. 
 
Chart d.3 
Return of 
Reference 
Asset 
Reference 
Asset Short 
return (return 
of the 
Reference 
Asset 
multiplied by 
3) 
Simulated 1 year returns of ETP with Leverage Factor 3x 
Length of holding period at 25% volatility 
3 Months 
6 Months 
1 Year 
2 
Years 
3 Years 
50.0%
150.0%
215.8%
204.5%
142.8%
92.6%
46.5%
40.0%
120.0%
153.3%
139.1%
107.7%
48.4%
24.5%
30.0%
90.0%
103.7%
93.2%
62.3%
29.7%
-12.7%
20.0%
60.0%
58.2%
49.3%
35.3%
-3.9%
-26.9%
10.0%
30.0%
24.2%
11.2%
2.8%
-27.6%
-42.2%
0.0%
0.0%
-4.3%
-12.1%
-22.4%
-45.0%
-56.4%
-10.0%
-30.0%
-33.4%
-36.9%
-44.9%
-55.9%
-68.2%
-20.0%
-60.0%
-51.8%
-55.6%
-61.0%
-71.0%
-76.4%
-30.0%
-90.0%
-68.9%
-70.0%
-74.8%
-79.8%
-84.6%
-40.0%
-120.0%
-80.3%
-80.9%
-83.7%
-87.9%
-90.2%
-50.0%
-150.0%
-88.6%
-89.4%
-90.1%
-93.1%
-94.2%
 
Chart d.4 
Return of 
Reference 
Asset 
Reference 
Asset Short 
return (return 
Simulated 1 year returns of ETP with Leverage Factor -3x 
Length of holding period at 25% volatility

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
of the 
Reference 
Asset 
multiplied by -
3) 
3 Months 
6 Months 
1 Year 
2 
Years 
3 Years 
50.0%
-150.0%
-73.2%
-75.5%
-77.0%
-83.1%
-87.2%
40.0%
-120.0%
-66.1%
-68.5%
-72.3%
-78.2%
-85.3%
30.0%
-90.0%
-57.5%
-61.0%
-64.4%
-75.3%
-78.9%
20.0%
-60.0%
-45.3%
-49.7%
-58.7%
-66.0%
-74.5%
10.0%
-30.0%
-30.2%
-32.0%
-45.6%
-55.7%
-68.4%
0.0%
0.0%
-8.7%
-12.9%
-27.2%
-41.1%
-58.4%
-10.0%
30.0%
30.2%
20.1%
4.9%
-26.7%
-41.7%
-20.0%
60.0%
79.9%
70.5%
45.7%
12.4%
-21.5%
-30.0%
90.0%
175.8%
146.1%
124.8%
55.5%
18.3%
-40.0%
120.0%
322.4%
289.5%
250.1%
170.3%
86.0%
-50.0%
150.0%
616.2%
587.4%
473.2%
360.8%
221.7%
 
 
The simulation in the charts assume a randomly determined daily Reference Asset return ending with the 
indicated cumulative return over the specified holding period. For ease of illustration, the returns of the 
simulated +3x ETP Security and -3x ETP Security are calculated excluding the effects of any applicable fees 
and adjustments. 
 
ETP Security Value 
 
The ETP Security Value is calculated daily to reflect the value of the Collateral Assets in respect of a Series 
of ETP Securities and will take into account all applicable fees and expenses. On the Issue Date of the 
Tranche, the ETP Security Value will be equal to its Issue Price. On any Valuation Date thereafter (which is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which an Unscheduled Rebalance does not occur), the ETP Security Value is 
calculated as the ETP Security Value on the immediately preceding Valuation Date adjusted by (i) the change 
in the value of the Collateral Assets since such preceding Valuation Date, minus (ii) the applicable Funding 
and Brokerage Fees, minus (iii) the Arranger Fee. 
 
Factors affecting the ETP Security Value and the market value of the ETP Securities 
 
The ETP Security Value may be affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
i. 
the performance of the relevant Reference Asset of the Investment Strategy and the applicable 
Leverage Factor; 
 
ii. 
the level of the fees (including Arranger Fees) and adjustments applied in calculating the ETP 
Security Value; 
 
iii. 
the occurrence of a Disruption Event, an Adjustment Event or a change in law; and 
 
iv. 
the occurrence of an Unscheduled Rebalance.   
 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the ETP Securities. 
The market price of the ETP Securities may also be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: 
 
 
i. 
the value of the Reference Assets referenced by the Investment Strategy;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
ii. 
the degree of leverage applicable to such Series of ETP Securities; 
 
iii. 
market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 
 
iv. 
whether or not any market disruption is subsisting; 
 
v. 
the nature and value of any Collateral Assets relating to such Series of ETP Securities; 
 
vi. 
the creditworthiness of the FCM and the Authorised Participants; 
 
vii. 
any fees or execution costs applicable to subscriptions for or redemptions of the ETP Securities; and 
 
viii. 
the liquidity in the ETP Securities. 
 
The ETP Security Value and the secondary market price of the ETP Securities can go down as well as up 
throughout the term of the ETP Securities. Digital currencies are generally more volatile than prices in other 
asset classes and the secondary market price per ETP Securities which provide for Leveraged Exposure or 
Short Exposure to the price of Underlying Assets by investing in Reference Asset is expected to demonstrate 
higher volatility than the non-leveraged price movements of the Underlying Asset. The ETP Security Value 
and market price of the ETP Securities on any Valuation Date may not reflect their prior or future performance. 
There can be no assurance as to the future value and market price of the ETP Securities. See the section of 
this Base Prospectus headed "Risk Factors" for a description of certain of the risks associated with an 
investment in ETP Securities. 
 
Worked Example of Calculation of ETP Security Value 
 
Assume a Subscription Order for $1 million of the 3x Leveraged Bitcoin ETP with a starting Issue Price of 
$10 (so 100,000 ETP Securities are issued) and annual fees of 2% (0.0056% per day). The ETP Securities 
will invest in Bitcoin Futures (“BRR”) and Micro Bitcoin Futures (“MBT”) traded on the CME to achieve a 3x 
exposure.  
 
Day 1 
 
The ETP aims to achieve a futures position of 3x the investment of $1 million = $3 million. Given below prices 
of each future, trading would be as follows: 
 
Future
Bitcoin 
Price
Starting 
Futures 
Position
Multiplier 
(in BTC)
Current 
Position
Trade
Market 
Value – 
Futures
Total 
Futures 
Market 
Value
BRR 
$60,045 
0
5
$0 
9  
$2,702,025 
$2,996,270
MBT 
$60,050 
0
0.1
$0 
49  
$294,245  
 
ETP Security Value and resulting leverage factor would be calculated as follows: 
 
Cash after daily fee accrual = $1m - $55.56 = $999,944.44 
 
Value of futures position = $2,996,270 
 
Leverage = $2,996,270 / $999,944.44 = 3.00 
 
ETP Security Value = Cash / No of Units = $999,944.44 / 100,000 = $10.00 
 
Day 2 
 
Assume Bitcoin prices increase 8%. 
 
Gain in the futures position is equal to: Number of contracts x price movement x multiplier, which is equal to: 
 
BRR = 9 contracts * ($64,849 - $60,045.00) * 5 = $216,162 
 
MBT = 49 contracts * ($64,854.00 - $60,050) *0.1= $23,540

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
 
Total gain / loss on futures = $239,702 (gain) 
 
New total cash, target futures position value and current position value are: 
 
 
Total Cash = Prior cash +/- Gain/Loss = $1, 239,702 
 
Target position = Total cash * Leverage Factor = $1, 239,702 x 3 = $3,719,104.80 
 
Current Value BMR = 9 contracts * $64,849 * 5 = $2,918,187.00 
 
Current Value MBT = 49 contracts * $64,854.00 *0.1= $317,784.60 
 
Total Current Value of Futures = $3,235,971.60 
 
Value to trade = Target Position –Total Current Value of Futures = $3,719,104.80 - $3,235,971.60 
= $483,133.20 
 
New Trade: buy 1 BRR and buy 24 MBT 
 
 
Future
Bitcoin 
Price
Starting 
Futures 
Position
Current 
Position 
Value
Trade
New 
Position
Market 
Value – 
Futures
Total Futures 
Market Value
BRR 
$64,849 
9 
$2,918,187 
1  
10 
$3,242,430 
$3,715,864.20
MBT 
$64,854
49 
$317,784.6 
24 
73 
$473,434  
 
ETP Security Value and resulting leverage factor would be calculated as follows: 
 
Cash (net of fees) = $1,239,701.60 - $68.57 = $1,239,632.73 
 
Value of futures position = $3,715,864.20 
 
Leverage = $3,715,864.20 / $1,239,632.73 = 3.00 
 
ETP Security Value = Cash / No of Units = $1,239,632.73/ 100,000 = $12.40 
 
ETP Security Value increase = 24% 
 
Day 3 
 
Assume Bitcoin prices decrease by 8%. 
 
Gain in the futures position is equal to: Number of contracts x price movement x multiplier, which is equal to: 
 
BRR = 10 contracts * ($59,661 - $64,849) * 5 = -$259,394 
 
MBT = 73 contracts * ($59,666 - $64,854.00) *0.1= -$37,875 
 
Total gain / loss on futures = -$297,269 (loss) 
 
New total cash, target futures position value and current position value are: 
 
 
Total Cash = Prior cash +/- Gain/Loss = $942,363.59 
 
Target position = Total Cash * Leverage Factor = $942,363.59 x 3 = $2,827,090.78 
 
Current Value BRR = 10 contracts * $59,661 * 5 = $2,983,035.60 
 
Current Value MBT = 73 contracts * $59,666 *0.1= $435,559.46 
 
Total Current Value of Futures = $3,418,595.06 
 
Value to trade = Target Position –Total Current Value of Futures = $2,827,090.78 - $3,418,595.06 
=  -$591,504.29 
 
New Trade: sell 2 BRR and buy 1 MBT 
 
Future
Bitcoin 
Price
Starting 
Futures 
Position
Current 
Position 
Value
Trade
New 
Position
Market 
Value – 
Futures
Total Futures 
Market Value
BRR 
$59,661
10
$2,983,035.60
(2) 
8 
$2,386,428
$2,827,954.51
MBT 
$59,666
73
$435,559.46  
1 
74 
$441,526

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
 
ETP Security Value and resulting leverage factor would be calculated as follows: 
 
Cash (net of fees) = $942,363.59 - $52.35 = $942,311.24 
 
Value of futures position = $2,827,954.51 
 
Leverage = $2,827,954.51 / $942,311.24 = 3.00 
 
ETP Security Value = Cash / No of Units = $942,311.24/ 100,000 = $9.42 
 
ETP Security Value decrease = -24% 
 
Issue Price 
 
The Issue Price in respect of a Tranche of ETP Securities will be specified in the Final Terms relating to such 
Tranche. 
 
Use of issue proceeds 
 
The net proceeds of issuance of each Series of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such Series, or from the 
issuance of a further Tranche of any Series, will be paid to the FCM on behalf of the Issuer, and will be used 
to fund the related FCM Account(s) as may be required to maintain positions in the Reference Assets in order 
to pursue the Investment Strategy referenced by such Series taking into account the applicable Leverage 
Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the FCM Account will be maintained as cash balances in either the 
FCM Account or in the Cash Account, being a customer segregated account maintained by the FCM in 
accordance with section 4(d)(a)(2) of the Commodity Exchange Act and  CFTC rule 1.20. 
 
The holders of a Series of ETP Securities are entitled to the benefit of the security created over the Collateral 
Assets held in the FCM Account and the Cash Account.  
 
Interest on the ETP Securities 
 
The ETP Securities do not bear interest at a prescribed rate. 
 
Amount payable on the maturity of the ETP Securities  
 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, each Series of ETP 
Securities will become due and payable on their Final Redemption Settlement Date at their Final Redemption 
Amount. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount of each ETP Security shall be an amount calculated by the Determination 
Agent to be equal to the greater of (a) the Principal Protection Amount of such ETP Security; and (b) the Pro-
rata Liquidation, as calculated in accordance with Condition 8. 
 
Early redemption 
 
If an Event of Default occurs in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, each ETP Security of such Series will 
become due and payable on the relevant Final Redemption Settlement Date at its Final Redemption Amount, 
subject to the Issuer having sufficient funds available, after applying the proceeds of the enforcement of the 
Security in paying all senior amounts due in accordance with the applicable orders of priority, to pay such 
amounts in full. 
 
Optional redemption of ETP Securities by ETP Securityholders 
 
ETP Securities may be applied for and redeemed on any Valuation Date, but the requisite application and 
redemption notices and orders may, unless otherwise permitted by the Issuer, only be given by Authorised 
Participants. All other persons must buy and sell ETP Securities through trading on the stock exchange(s) 
on which such ETP Securities are admitted to trading. 
 
An ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant may on any Valuation Date require the Issuer 
to redeem all or part of its holding of ETP Securities of a Series at the Optional Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order in 
accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
 
An ETP Securityholder of any Series which is not also an Authorised Participant may require the Issuer to 
redeem all or any part of its holding of such ETP Securities at the Optional Redemption Amount only if the 
Issuer has notified the ETP Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 in respect of any Valuation Date 
that redemption requests from ETP Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted 
and no later notice to the contrary has been delivered. 
 
Any ETP Security that is subject to Optional Redemption in accordance with Condition 8.2 will become due 
and payable on the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date at its Optional Redemption Amount, being 
an amount per ETP Security as calculated by the Determination Agent equal to the greater of: 
 
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of an ETP Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
 
Mandatory redemption 
 
If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, each ETP Security of such 
Series will become due and payable on the Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at its Mandatory 
Redemption Amount.  
 
Funding of payments due to the holders of the ETP Securities 
 
The Issuer will fund any payment(s) due to the holder of an ETP Security (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount due 
in respect of such ETP Security) from the liquidation of the Collateral Assets held in the FCM Account and in 
the Cash Account. The Issuer’s ability to pay to the holder of an ETP Security any amounts due in respect of 
such ETP Security is entirely dependent on the liquidation of the Collateral Assets.  
 
If, following the liquidation in full of the Collateral Assets relating to a Series of ETP Securities there are any 
outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of such Series of ETP Securities, then such outstanding 
claims will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
 
Taxation and no gross-up 
 
Each ETP Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the ETP Securities. In the 
event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on the ETP 
Securities, the ETP Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
 
Transfers of Collateral Assets, and payments made to the Issuer under the LS FCM Agreement in relation to 
a Series of ETP Securities may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction for, or on account of, Taxes. 
In such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer (and/or the Trustee) to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount may not be sufficient to 
satisfy in full the claims of the ETP Securityholders and all creditors whose claims rank in priority to those of 
the ETP Securityholders. 
 
Fees 
The sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Investment Strategies” set out the fees 
payable in respect of the various Series of ETP Securities.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
DESCRIPTION OF THE REFERENCE ASSETS 
The information in this section of the Base Prospectus has been extracted from public information, including 
the websites set out below and has been reproduced on the basis of information available to the Issuer. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is able to ascertain from such 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The websites set out below do not form part of this Base Prospectus. The delivery of this Base 
Prospectus at any time does not imply any representation on the part of the Issuer, the FCMs, Authorised 
Participants, the Trustee, the Agents, the Determination Agent, the Broker Dealer of Record or any other 
person that any information contained therein is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
Each Series of ETP Securities is intended to pursue an Investment Strategy which provides a Leveraged 
Exposure or Short Exposure to the performance of an Underlying Asset by investing in Reference Assets. 
All Reference Assets will be listed futures contracts as set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Description of the Investment Strategies”. Prospective purchasers of the ETP Securities should make their 
own independent investigations and enquiries into the Reference Asset, the obligor(s) in respect thereof and 
the associated Underlying Assets. 
The Reference Assets have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due and payable on the ETP Securities. 
Investors should note that the Issuer anticipates that the Base Prospectus and other Programme Documents 
may be amended from time to time to permit the Issuer to issue series of ETP Securities backed by assets 
other than the Reference Assets as described herein. In addition the Programme may be amended in the 
future to facilitate the issue of actively managed ETP Securities or ETP Securities which track indices. 
Futures Contracts  
A futures contract is a standardised contract traded on, or subject to the rules of, an exchange that calls for 
the future delivery of a specified quantity and type of a particular underlying asset at a specified time and 
place or alternatively may call for cash settlement. Futures contracts are traded on a wide variety of underlying 
assets, including bonds, interest rates, agricultural products, stock indexes, currencies, energy, metals, 
cryptocurrencies, economic indicators and statistical measures. The notional size and calendar term of 
futures contracts on a particular underlying asset are identical and are not subject to any negotiation, other 
than with respect to price and the number of contracts traded between the buyer and seller.  
 
Certain futures contracts settle in cash, reflecting the difference between the contract purchase/sale price 
and the contract settlement price. The cash settlement mechanism avoids the potential for either side to have 
to deliver the underlying asset. For other futures contracts, the contractual obligations of a buyer or seller 
may generally be satisfied by taking or making physical delivery of the underlying asset or by making an 
offsetting sale or purchase of an identical futures contract on the same or linked exchange before the 
designated date of delivery. The difference between the price at which the futures contract is purchased or 
sold and the price paid for the offsetting sale or purchase, after allowance for brokerage commissions, 
constitutes the profit or loss to the trader.  
Margin Requirements  
“Initial” or “original” margin is the minimum amount of funds that a party to a futures contract must deposit 
with its commodity broker in order to establish an open position. Maintenance margin is the amount (generally 
less than initial margin) to which a party’s account may decline before it must deliver additional margin so as 
to maintain open positions. A margin deposit is like a cash performance bond, it helps assure the party’s 
performance of the futures contracts it purchases or sells. 
The margin payments to be made on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the futures contracts will be managed 
by the FCM and such margin payments will be paid from the balance of the FCM Account. The Portfolio 
Manager will monitor the balance of the FCM Account to ensure that it is sufficient to satisfy any margin 
payments that are required from time to time.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
Rolling Forward of Futures Contracts 
The vast majority of futures trades made by speculators are offset before the final expiration of the futures 
contracts. Alternatively, some traders might allow their positions to expire. A small group of investors, 
however, mainly institutions such as pension funds, endowments and money managers, might wish to extend 
their positions beyond the contract expiration. The strategy that allows them to extend a futures contract from 
one expiration to the next is referred to as rolling the futures contract (or rolling forward). A roll forward 
involves two elements, firstly offsetting the current position and secondly establishing a new position in the 
next contract period. One transaction that effects this strategy is called a calendar spread which guarantees 
that the two elements will be filled at the same time or not at all.  This eliminates the possibility that the market 
moves in the interim between the elements. The Portfolio Manager will be responsible for managing the 
rolling forward of futures contracts by the Issuer.  
Clearing of Futures Contracts 
Futures contracts are centrally cleared whereby the Issuer’s counterparty exposure will be to the clearing 
house of the relevant Futures Exchange

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement (each a "Supplement") to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
base prospectus whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which ETP Securities are 
listed or, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation if there is a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus, the inclusion of 
information in respect of which would have been so required if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus was 
prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of ETP Securities of 
any Series, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to 
the ETP Securities. In relation to any ETP Securities which may be issued under the Programme, the Issuer 
has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information 
relating to such ETP Securities which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only 
be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of ETP Securities. 
Any information relating to any ETP Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of ETP Securities will be 
contained in the relevant Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of ETP Securities which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes 
of that Tranche only, supplement this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of ETP Securities which is the 
subject of Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETP SECURITIES 
Terms and Conditions Version 1 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the Final Terms relating 
to a particular Series or Tranche of ETP Securities, will be applicable to the ETP Securities of such Series or 
Tranche. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in these terms and conditions to "ETP Securities” 
are to the ETP Securities of one Series only, not to all ETP Securities which may be issued under the 
Programme from time to time. 
The ETP Securities are issued under the collateralised exchange traded securities programme of the Issuer 
(the "Programme"). 
In respect of a Series of ETP Securities, the ETP Securities of such Series will be constituted by (i) a 
supplemental trust deed dated the Issue Date of the first Tranche of ETP Securities of such Series and made 
between the Issuer and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the "Trustee", which expression shall 
include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined below)), as 
trustee for the holders of the ETP Securities, the Secured Creditors and the other persons specified therein, 
if any, (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Supplemental Trust 
Deed"; and (ii) a master trust deed dated the Programme Effective Date made between the Issuer and the 
Trustee (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, the "Master Trust 
Deed"). The Master Trust Deed and the Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of each Series of ETP Securities 
are referred to together as the "Trust Deed". These terms and conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the ETP Securities of a particular Series are secured by the Security 
Documents in respect of such Series.  
The Issuer has entered into the following agreements with the FCMs: 
(i) 
a New York law governed client agreement and related and supplemental agreements between the 
Issuer and Interactive Brokers LLC dated 1 January 2025 (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the “IB FCM Agreement”); and 
(ii) 
a New York law governed futures customer account agreement between the Issuer and Hidden Road 
Partners CIS US LLC dated on or about 14 March 2025 (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the “HR FCM Agreement”). 
The defined term “LS FCM Agreement” herein shall mean the HR FCM Agreement and/or the IB  FCM 
Agreement and/or any other agreement entered into with an FCM, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities.  
The LS FCM Agreement sets out, amongst other things, the terms on which the FCM will provide clearing 
merchant services to the Issuer in respect of each Series of ETP Securities to which it is applicable. 
The Portfolio Manager has the discretion as to which LS FCM Agreement shall apply with respect to a Series 
of ETP Securities. 
The FCM  does not guarantee payment by the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders of amounts due in respect 
of the ETP Securities, and no ETP Securityholder will have any claim against any FCM in respect of amounts 
due in respect of any ETP Securities. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and Flexinvest Limited entered into an Irish law governed portfolio management  
agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (as further amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time, the "Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement"). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement, for each Series of ETP Securities 
to which the Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement is applicable, the net proceeds of issuance of such 
Series of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such Series, or from the issuance of a further Tranche of such 
Series, will be paid to the FCM, on behalf of the Issuer and will be used to fund the related FCM Account(s) 
as may be required to maintain positions in the Reference Assets in order to pursue the Investment Strategy 
of such Series, taking into account the applicable Leverage Factor. Amounts standing to the credit of the 
FCM Account may also, at the discretion of the Portfolio Manager, be maintained as cash balances in the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
FCM Account or in a customer segregated account maintained by the FCM in accordance with section 
4(d)(a)(2) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC rule 1.20 (the “Cash Account”). 
A registry services agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 has been entered into between the Issuer, 
the Registrar and Issuing and Paying Agent and the Arranger (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the “Computershare Registry Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the 
Issuing and Paying Agent provides certain registration, validation and co-ordination services in relation to the 
issue, payment and cancellation of the ETP Securities. 
A services agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the "Services Agreement") has been entered into between the Issuer and the 
Arranger (as defined below) pursuant to which the Arranger has agreed to provide certain management, 
administration and arrangement services to the Issuer and to discharge certain fees, costs and expenses 
incurred by the Issuer in respect of the Programme and the ETP Securities. 
An determination agency agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (as amended, supplemented, novated 
and/or replaced from time to time, the "Determination Agency Agreement") has been entered into between 
the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger (as defined below) and the Determination Agent (as defined below) 
pursuant to which the Determination Agent has agreed to provide certain calculation services for the Issuer. 
A broker dealer of record agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (as amended, supplemented, novated 
and/or replaced from time to time, the "Broker Dealer of Record Agreement") has been entered into 
between the Issuer and the Broker Dealer of Record (as defined below) pursuant to which the Broker Dealer 
of Record has agreed to provide certain broker dealer related services and support for the Issuer. 
The ETP Securityholders are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the LS FCM Agreement, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Computershare Registry Services 
Agreement, the Services Agreement, the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement, the Master Definitions 
Schedule (as defined below), and each of the other Programme Documents (as defined below) which are 
applicable to them and to have notice of each set of Final Terms (as defined below) issued in respect of a 
Series or Tranche of ETP Securities held by such ETP Securityholders. 
The terms and conditions of a Series of ETP Securities will be the conditions set out below as completed by 
the Final Terms applicable to such Series. References herein to the "Conditions" of the ETP Securities are 
to these terms and conditions as so completed by the Final Terms applicable to the ETP Securities. 
1. 
Definitions 
1.1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"Additional Authorised Participant" means any Eligible Authorised Participant (other than the Initial 
Authorised) that has entered into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. 
"Additional Security Document" means, any security document relating to the ETP Securities 
designated as such by Issuer and the Trustee, as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time but, for the avoidance of doubt, not including the Trust Deed or the FCM Security 
Agreement. 
"Adjustment Event" means with respect to an Investment Strategy, the Portfolio Manager makes 
permanent operational adjustments to the Investment Strategy to ensure that, so far as possible, the 
basic principles and economic effect of the Investment Strategy are maintained or any permanent 
material modification to the Investment Strategy or its implementation by the Portfolio Manager. 
Situations in which the Portfolio Manager underleverages a Series of ETP Securities as a response 
to a disruption to the markets on which the Reference Assets trade, or as a result of margin 
requirements, accountability levels or other limitations imposed by FCMs, listing exchanges or any 
other body shall not be considered an Adjustment Event. 
“Administrator” means IQ EQ Fund Services (Jersey) Limited or any successor or replacement 
thereto or any other entity appointed as administrator with respect to the Programme, as disclosed 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
“Administration Agreement” means the administration services agreement entered into between 
the Issuer and the Administrator dated on or about 14 March 2025 (as amended, supplemented, 
novated and/or replaced from time to time. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
person or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the 
person or entity. For these purposes, "control" of any entity or person means the power, directly or 
indirectly, either to (a) vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the 
election of directors of the relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of such person or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
"Agents" means any agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the ETP Securities 
under the Programme Documents or any other agreement with the Issuer under which such agent is 
appointed from time to time in relation to the ETP Securities, as applicable, and any successor or 
replacement and "Agent" means any of them. 
"Appointee" means any attorney, manager, agent, delegate or other person properly appointed by 
the Trustee under a Security Document to discharge any of its functions or to advise it in relation 
thereto.  
“Arranger” means Leverage Shares Management Company Limited.  
“Arranger Fee” means a fee charged by the Arranger in relation to each Series of ETP Securities, 
as modified by the Arranger from time to time, as set out in the Base Prospectus of the Issuer. 
"Authorised Participant" means the Initial Authorised Participant and any Additional Authorised 
Participant.  
"Authorised Participant Agreement" means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the authorised 
participant agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time) 
entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant. 
“Broker Dealer of Record” means GWM Limited or any successor or replacement thereto or any 
other entity appointed as broker dealer of record in accordance with the terms of the Broker Dealer 
of Record Agreement. 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday or a public holiday in England) on 
which commercial banks generally are open for the transaction of business in London and in Jersey. 
"Collateral Assets" means:  
  
(i)  
the Reference Assets; and  
  
(iii)  
any cash,   
 
in each case as held in the FCM Account and the Cash Account, as applicable. 
“CREST” means the system for the paperless settlement of trades and the holding of uncertificated 
securities operated by EUI in accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations, as amended from time 
to time. 
“CREST Business Day” means a day on which CREST is open for the purpose of effecting 
settlement of ETP Securities. 
"Currency Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency or, in the case of euros, a city in which banks 
in general have access to the TARGET2 System. 
"Denomination" means, in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, an amount equal to its Principal 
Amount.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
"Determination Agent" means Calculation Agent Services LLC and any successor or replacement 
thereto or any other entity appointed as determination agent in accordance with the terms of the 
Determination Agency Agreement, as disclosed in the Final Terms. 
"Determination Agent Breach" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10.5(B). 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Disruption Event", in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, means any event that causes a 
Valuation Date in respect of that Series to be a Disrupted Day. 
"Disruption Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9.3(C). 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Eligible Authorised Participant" means any reputable bank or financial services institution, subject 
to the appropriate regulation to carry out such activity in: (A) the European Union; (B) Jersey; (C) the 
United Kingdom; and/or (D) any other jurisdiction that is not a country or territory identified as 
presenting higher risks in the AML/CFT Handbook for regulated financial services business published 
by the Jersey Financial Services Commission from time to time. 
"ETP Securities" means the Series of ETP Securities to which these Conditions relates or, as the 
context may require, any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
"ETP Security Value" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5. 
"ETP Securityholder" and "holder" mean the person in whose name a Uncertificated Security is 
registered (as the case may be). 
"ETP Securityholder Notice and Direction" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
“EUI” means Euroclear UK and Ireland Limited incorporated in England and Wales. 
"Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
"Event of Default Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12. 
"Exchange" means the exchange where the relevant Reference Asset is traded, as specified in the 
relevant Investment Strategy. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange is open for 
trading during its respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.  
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Arranger) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for the Reference Asset on the Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" mean, in respect of a Series. a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with schedule 1 of the Trust Deed by at least 75 per cent. of the 
votes cast, provided that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the ETP Securities of that Series who for the time being are 
entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in accordance with the Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, 
be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such ETP 
Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
"FCM Account" means for each Series of ETP Securities, each account of the Issuer with the FCM 
in which the Collateral Assets and any cash (as applicable) in respect of a Series of ETP Securities 
will be held by the FCM on behalf of the Issuer. 
“FCM" means for each Series of ETP Securities, Hidden Road Partners CIS US LLC and Interactive 
Brokers LLC (and any of their respective successors) and/or any other entity appointed as a futures 
clearing merchant. 
“FCM Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.5(B).  
“FCM Security Agreement” means each of the HR FCM Security Agreement, the IB FCM Security 
Agreement and/or any other security agreement entered into by the Issuer with respect to an LS FCM 
Agreement, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount per ETP Security calculated by the Determination 
Agent equal to the greater of: 
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of an ETP Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
"Final Redemption Date" means for each Series, the final redemption date specified in the Final 
Terms for such Series.  
"Final Redemption Settlement Date" means the day that falls five Currency Business Days after 
the Final Redemption Date. 
"Final Terms" means the final terms specifying the relevant issue details of the ETP Securities. 
“Funding and Brokerage Fees” means, in respect of a Series, all applicable fees and expenses 
other than the Arranger Fees, including, but not limited to securities lending fees, brokerage fees, 
exposure maintenance fees (which include the portion attributable to the Series (as determined by 
the Determination Agent) of all fees, costs and expenses that may be incurred by the Issuer in 
entering into transactions or instruments, acquiring assets or otherwise engaging in activities which 
it considers prudent, appropriate or otherwise desirable for maintaining its access to sufficient 
leverage for the operation of the Programme and maintaining the exposure and leverage levels for 
the ETP Securities), and costs of transaction taxes on the sale or purchase of Reference Assets 
(where relevant). 
"Further Tranche" means any Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities issued after the Series Issue 
Date in accordance with Condition 15. 
“HR FCM Security Agreement” the New York law governed security agreement dated on or about 
14 March 2025 entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee with respect to the HR FCM 
Agreement.  
“IB FCM Security Agreement” means the New York law governed security agreement dated on or 
about 14 March 2025 entered into between the Issuer and the Trustee with respect to the IB FCM 
Agreement. 
"Initial Authorised Participant" means Virtu Financial Ireland Limited. and any successor thereto. 
"Initial Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Initial Tranche" means the first Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities issued. 
"Investment Strategy" means the investment strategy specified for the ETP Securities in the Final 
Terms. 
“Irish Law Programme Document” means in respect of each Series of ETP Securities, each of the 
Master Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of such Series, the Broker Dealer of 
Record Agreement, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Determination Agency Agreement, 
the Services Agreement and each Authorised Participant Agreement and "Irish Law Programme 
Documents" means all such documents.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
"Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the relevant Tranche as specified in the Final Terms 
relating to such Tranche. 
"Issue Price" means, in respect of a Tranche of ETP Securities, the amount per ETP Security 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Issuer" means LS Limited, a limited liability company incorporated in Jersey under registration 
number 144329. 
"Issuer Call Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.6. 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer: 
(A) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; 
(C) makes a general assignment, scheme, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors, including, without limitation, a compromise or arrangement of the type referred 
to in Article 125 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991; 
(D) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking judgement of insolvency or 
bankruptcy (for the purposes of this definition, including (without limitation) “bankruptcy” as 
defined under Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954, or any other relief under any 
other bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition 
is presented against it, and such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up 
or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(E) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), including, without limitation, any 
procedure or process referred to in Part 21 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991; 
(F) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
liquidator, conservator,  trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(G) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days 
thereafter; 
(H) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to (G) 
(inclusive); or 
(I) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence 
in, any of the foregoing acts. 
"Issuer Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Issuer’s 
Website" 
means 
the 
website 
having 
the 
following 
internet 
address: 
www.leverageshares.com or such other internet address as may be used by the Issuer and notified 
to ETP Securityholders and the Trustee in accordance with Condition 16. 
"Issuing and Paying Agent" means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited and any 
successor or replacement thereto, as specified in the Final Terms for each Series of ETP Securities, 
appointed as Issuing and Paying Agent.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
“Jersey Collateral” means the Issuer’s right, title, interest, in and to any Programme Document 
governed by Jersey law or the obligations of any party under any Programme Document where the 
person who owes such obligations is a Jersey company or a Jersey person. 
“Jersey Security Interests” means the Jersey law security interests over the Jersey Collateral 
granted pursuant to the Master Trust Deed. 
 
“Jersey Security Law” means the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012. 
“Leveraged Exposure” means a leveraged long exposure to the Reference Asset.  
"Leverage Factor" means the leverage factor in respect of a Series of ETP Securities as specified 
in the relevant Investment Strategy or Final Terms. 
“London Business Day” means  a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in London. 
 
"Loss" means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal 
costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, 
assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
"Mandatory Redemption" means a redemption of ETP Securities in accordance with Condition 8.7. 
"Mandatory Redemption Amount" means an amount per ETP Security calculated by the 
Determination Agent equal to the greater of:  
(A) 
the Principal Protection Amount of such ETP Security; and 
(B) 
the Pro-rata Liquidation. 
"Mandatory Redemption Date" means, in respect of a Mandatory Redemption Event, the date 
designated as such in accordance with Condition 8.7. 
"Mandatory Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date" means, in respect of a Mandatory Redemption Event, 
the day that falls three Currency Business Days after the day on which the Issuer has received 
payment in full from the FCM of the amounts payable in respect of the liquidation of the Collateral 
Assets. 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption which in either case the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonably manner to be material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Master Definitions Schedule" means the schedule of definitions relating to the Programme dated 
the Programme Effective Date (as further amended, supplemented and/or replaced from time to 
time). 
"Maximum Daily Redemption Limit" means a maximum limit (if applicable) on the redemption 
number of ETP Securities of a Series on any Optional Redemption Pricing Date, as determined by 
the Issuer from time to time. 
"Non-Disrupted Valuation Date" means a Valuation Date which is not a "Disrupted Day". 
"Notice Deadline" means 2.30 p.m. (Jersey time), provided that the Notice Deadline in respect of 
any Series of ETP Securities may be adjusted by the Issuer. 
"Obligor" means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property. 
"Optional Redemption" means the redemption of ETP Securities at the option of one or more ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8.2.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means an amount per ETP Security equal to the ETP Security 
Value. 
"Optional Redemption Pricing Date" means a Valuation Date on which a Redemption Order is 
determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer by the Portfolio Manager. 
"Optional Redemption Settlement Date" means the second Valuation Date after the Optional 
Redemption Pricing Date, provided that such Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day and that such 
Valuation Date is both a Currency Business Day and a CREST Business Day. 
"outstanding" means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the LS FCM Agreement and the Trust 
Deed, in relation to the ETP Securities and a Valuation Date, (i) on the Series Issue Date, the ETP 
Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any Valuation Date thereafter, all the ETP Securities issued 
on or prior to such Valuation Date except (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with 
Condition 8; (b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which the date 
for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Trustee or to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and which remain available for payment against presentation and 
surrender of ETP Securities; (d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims have 
become prescribed; (e) those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an 
Authorised Participant but in respect of which the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not paid in 
full the relevant subscription amount under the Authorised Participant Agreement; (f) those in respect 
of which a Final Redemption Settlement Date, Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date or Optional 
Redemption Settlement Date has occurred and in respect of which the Issuer (or the Trustee or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may be) has received in full the proceeds of the liquidation of 
the Collateral Assets; (g) those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in 
Condition 8.4; provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any 
meeting of the ETP Securityholders, (2) the determination of how many ETP Securities are 
outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the LS FCM Agreement and the Trust Deed and (3) 
the exercise of any discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, 
to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the ETP Securityholders, those ETP Securities that 
are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) 
be deemed not to remain outstanding. For the avoidance of doubt, ETP Securities (if any) which the 
Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Date to redeem but in respect of which the proceeds 
of the liquidation of the Collateral Assets has not yet been paid in full to the Issuer (or the Trustee or 
Issuing and Paying Agent, as applicable) shall be deemed to be "outstanding" on such Valuation 
Date and ETP Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Date to 
issue but in respect of which payment of the relevant subscription amount has not been received in 
full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and settlement to such relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be "outstanding" on such Valuation Date. 
"Paying Agent" means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 10.7, and any successor or replacement thereto. 
"Payment Business Day" means, in respect of any ETP Securities, any day (i) on which the Relevant 
Clearing System is open and (ii) which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London and the financial centre of the Relevant Currency which, in 
the case of a payment in EUR, is a TARGET Settlement Day.  
“Portfolio Management Agreement” means the Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement or 
any other portfolio management agreement entered into with respect to the Programme, as 
applicable to a Series of ETP Securities. 
"Portfolio Manager" means any entity and any successor or replacement thereto, as specified in the 
Final Terms for each Series of ETP Securities, appointed as Portfolio Manager in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Portfolio Management Agreement. 
"Potential Event of Default" means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
"Principal" means the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Mandatory 
Redemption Amount (as applicable).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of any ETP Security, the amount in the Relevant Currency 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Principal Protection Amount" means an amount per ETP Security, in respect of each Tranche of 
ETP Securities, corresponding to 2.00 per cent of the Principal Amount for the ETP Security of such 
Tranche. 
"Pro-rata Liquidation" means an amount equal to the liquidation of the relevant Collateral Assets 
held in the FCM Account or Cash Account (as applicable) for a Series of ETP Securities, pro rata to 
the amount of ETP Securities being redeemed divided by the total number of ETP Securities for such 
Series, after the pro rata deduction of (i) all costs and expenses incurred by the Issuer in connection 
with the liquidation of such Collateral Assets; (ii) the Arranger Fee; and (iii) any Funding and 
Brokerage Fees.  
"Proceedings" has the meaning given to it in Condition 18.2. 
"Programme Document" means in respect of each Series of ETP Securities, each of the Master 
Trust Deed, the Supplemental Trust Deed (including the Conditions and the ETP Securities 
constituted thereby) in respect of such Series, the Administration Agreement, the Computershare 
Registry Services Agreement, the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement, the LS FCM Agreement, the 
FCM Security Agreement, the Portfolio Management Agreement, the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Services Agreement and each Authorised Participant Agreement and "Programme 
Documents" means all such documents. 
"Programme Effective Date" means 14 March 2025.  
"Programme Maximum Number of ETP Securities" means 5,000,000,000,000. 
"Programme Party" means a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and ETP 
Securityholders) and any receiver and/or Appointee appointed in connection with the Security 
Documents in respect of a Series. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
"Publication Event Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Publication Failure Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
“Rebalance Business Day” means any day which is a, Exchange Business Day and also a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payment in the country in which the 
relevant Reference Asset is admitted to trading or any other day designated as a Rebalance Business 
Day by the Issuer. 
"Record Date" means the CREST Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment. 
"Redemption Amount" means either the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount. 
"Redemption Account" means, in respect of ETP Securities, a bank account to receive payments 
in the Relevant Currency of the Optional Redemption Amount in respect of the redemption of such 
ETP Securities, which account shall be: 
(A) 
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such purposes by the 
Authorised Participant to the Issuer and the Trustee from time to time; and 
(B) 
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Order. 
"Redemption Order" means such other form as may be acceptable to the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
"Redemption Limit" means the sum of the Maximum Daily Redemption Limits relating to the ETP 
Securities. 
“Reference Asset” means the asset(s) of the relevant Investment Strategy in respect of a Series of 
ETP Securities as specified in the Final Terms and/or Investment Strategy, as applicable.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
"Registrar" means Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited or any successor or 
replacement thereto or any other entity appointed as registrar, as disclosed in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means CREST or any other recognised clearing system in which ETP 
Securities of a Series may be cleared. 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency of denomination of the ETP Securities, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Date" has the meaning given to it in Condition 11. 
"Relevant Provisions" means, in respect of the Determination Agent, the provisions of the 
Determination Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, and the Conditions. 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" any stock exchange on which ETP Securities of a Series may be listed. 
"RIS" means a regulated information service for the purposes of giving information relating to the 
ETP Securities and/or the rules of the Relevant Stock Exchange chosen by the Issuer from time to 
time, including but not limited to the Regulatory News Service (the "RNS") of the London Stock 
Exchange. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange and a Valuation Date, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Valuation Date, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which each Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Secondary Early Redemption Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.7. 
"Secured Creditor" means the Trustee, any receiver and other Appointee, the FCM, the Arranger, 
the Programme Parties and the holders of the ETP Securities. 
"Secured Obligations" means in respect of each Series of ETP Securities, all present and future 
obligations of the Issuer to the Secured Creditors under the Trust Deed, the Programme Documents 
and each ETP Security, to the extent such obligations relate to that Series.  
"Secured Property" means the assets that are the subject of the security constituted by the Security 
Documents.  
"Securities Act" means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended.  
"Security" means, as the context requires, the security constituted by the Security Documents. 
"Security Document" means each of the Trust Deed, each FCM Security Agreement and any 
Additional Security Document. 
"Series" means all ETP Securities having the same ISIN or other similar identifier, including the Initial 
Tranche and any Further Tranche. 
"Series Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the Initial Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“SFSA” means the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority in its capacity as the competent authority 
in Sweden under the Prospectus Regulation. 
"Share Trustee" means IQ EQ Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and any successor thereto. 
“Short Exposure” means a short inversed leveraged exposure to the Reference Asset. 
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd or its market for listed securities (or any 
such markets if the SIX Swiss Exchange has at any time more than one such market).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
"Subscription Limit" means any applicable limit on the Issuer’s ability to fund newly issued ETPs 
including as a result of any limits which apply under a LS FCM Agreement, as may be amended from 
time to time. 
"Subscription Order" means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the Issuer to 
issue ETP Securities. 
"Subscription Settlement Date" means the second Valuation Date, or if determined by the Issuer 
in its absolute discretion from time to time, the first Valuation Date after the Subscription Trade Date, 
provided that such Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day and that such Valuation Date is both a 
Currency Business Day and a CREST Business Day. 
"Subscription Suspension Event" means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to each 
Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Determination Agent stating that with 
effect from the date specified in such notice subscription of the ETP Securities shall be so suspended. 
"Subscription Trade Date" means, subject to Condition 9.2, a Valuation Date on which a 
Subscription Order is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer by the 
Portfolio Manager. 
“Swiss Paying Agent” means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of 
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 10.7, and any successor or replacement thereto. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
"Tax" means any tax, duty, assessment, levy, charge or withholding of whatsoever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Authority (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same). 
"Termination" means, in respect of the LS FCM Agreement, the total or partial close-out of the LS 
FCM Agreement in accordance with its terms. 
“Threshold Event Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.5. 
"Tranche" means, in relation to a Series of ETP Securities issued on any date, the ETP Securities 
that are issued on the same Issue Date with the same Principal Amount. 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the relevant Exchange or otherwise relating to the Reference Asset. 
“Uncertificated Regulations” means the Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 
1999, as amended. 
 
“Uncertificated Securities” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 2.1(A). 
 
"Unscheduled Rebalance" means an unscheduled rebalance occurring on a Valuation Date on 
which the rebalancing mechanism referenced by the Investment Strategy in respect of a Series of 
ETP Securities has been triggered by a change in the price of the corresponding Reference Asset of 
such Investment Strategy by more than the relevant trigger level referenced by the Investment 
Strategy. 
"Valuation Date", means each Exchange Business Day. 
 
"Valuation Time" means the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
1.2 
Interpretation 
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the Trust Deed and/or the Master Definitions Schedule. 
2. 
Form and Title 
2.1 
Form 
(A) The ETP Securities may be issued in dematerialised uncertificated form (“Uncertificated 
Securities”) in the Denomination(s) and the Relevant Currency specified in the Final Terms. 
(B) Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form of all of the ETP Securities of a particular 
Series will be the same. 
2.2 
Uncertificated Securities 
(A) Uncertificated Securities shall be held in uncertificated registered form in accordance with the 
Uncertificated Regulations and as such are dematerialised and not constituted by any physical 
document of title. 
(B) Uncertificated Securities shall be cleared through CREST and are participating securities for the 
purposes of the Uncertificated Regulations. 
(C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for so long as the Uncertificated 
Securities are participating securities: 
(1) the Register shall be maintained in Jersey and at all times outside the United Kingdom; 
(2) the Uncertificated Securities may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with, 
and subject to, the Uncertificated Regulations; and 
(3) these Conditions in respect of the Uncertificated Securities shall remain applicable 
notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate or document of title. 
2.3 
Title 
Title to Uncertificated Securities is recorded on the register that the Issuer shall procure will be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Computershare Registry Services 
Agreement (the “Register”) and shall pass by registration in the Register. A copy of the Register will, 
upon written request from the Issuer, and promptly upon any changes made thereto, be sent by the 
Registrar to the Issuer, with the information contained in such copy to be transcribed in a register 
held by the Issuer at its registered office to enable the Issuer to keep the register held at its registered 
office up-to-date, complete and correct. Where there are discrepancies between the Register and the 
register held by the Issuer at its registered office, the register held by the Issuer at its registered office 
will prevail. 
3. 
EXCHANGE AND TRANSFER 
3.1  Exchange of Uncertificated Securities  
(A) 
All transactions in respect of Uncertificated Securities must be effected through an account 
with CREST. All transfers of Uncertificated Securities shall be subject to and made in 
accordance with the Uncertificated Regulations and the rules, procedures and practices in 
effect of the Registrar and CREST. The Uncertificated Regulations and such rules, procedures 
and practices may change from time to time. No provision of these Conditions shall 
(notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in 
any respect inconsistent with the holding or transfer of title to Uncertificated Securities or the 
Uncertificated Regulations.  
(B) 
If at any time the ETP Securities cease to be held in uncertificated form and/or accepted for 
clearance through CREST, or notice is received by or on behalf of the Issuer that the ETP

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Securities will cease to be held in uncertificated form and cleared through CREST and/or 
CREST is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days (other than by 
reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or CREST announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or does in fact do so, the ETP Securities shall continue to be in registered form 
and the Issuer, the Registrar, the Issuing and Paying Agent, if applicable, and any other 
relevant Programme Party may agree such procedures as they determine necessary in relation 
to the transfer of Uncertificated Securities and shall as soon as reasonably practicable give 
notice thereof to the ETP Securityholders. 
(C) 
The provisions of the second paragraph of this Condition 3.1 shall apply equally in the case 
that a holder ceases to be a CREST member, but for such purposes only the affected holder 
will need to be notified of the procedures adopted. 
(D) 
If the rules and procedures of the Registrar and/or for so long as the Uncertificated Securities 
are held in CREST the rules and procedures of CREST include any closed period in which no 
ETP Securityholder may require the transfer of an ETP Security to be registered in the Register, 
such closed periods shall apply to Uncertificated Securities. Details of any such closed period 
are available from the Registrar. 
4. 
Constitution and status 
Each Series of ETP Securities is constituted by the applicable Trust Deed and secured by the 
applicable Security Documents. The ETP Securities of each Series are secured, limited recourse 
debt obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 6 and recourse in respect of which is 
limited in the manner described in Condition 6.6 and Condition 13. 
5. 
ETP Security Value 
The “ETP Security Value” in respect of any Valuation Date (which is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which an Unscheduled Rebalance does not occur) shall be calculated as follows: 
(i) the ETP Security Value on the immediately preceding Valuation Date; adjusted by  
(ii) the change in the value of the Collateral Assets in respect of a Series of ETP Securities 
since such preceding Valuation Date; minus 
(iii) the applicable Funding and Brokerage Fees; minus 
(iv) the Arranger Fee,  
provided that on the Issue Date of each Tranche, the ETP Security Value will be equal to the Issue 
Price of the ETP Security. Unless otherwise specified, amounts and values for each Valuation Date 
shall be calculated as at the Valuation Time for such Valuation Date. 
6. 
Security 
6.1 
Security 
(A) 
The Security in respect of the ETP Securities shall be constituted by the Security Documents, 
as described below. Additional Security Documents may be entered into in respect of 
particular Series if required by the Trustee.  
(1) 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Secured Obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
ETP Securities shall be secured by: 
(a) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and 
benefit present and future in, to and under the Irish Law Programme 
Documents to the extent that they relate to the ETP Securities;  
(b) 
a first fixed charge over all sums held now or in the future by or on behalf of 
the Issuer (including, without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar) to meet payments due in respect of the obligations and

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
duties of the Issuer under the Security Documents and the ETP Securities to 
the extent that such sums relate to the ETP Securities; and 
(c) 
a first priority security interest over all of the Jersey Collateral (for the 
avoidance of doubt including any after-acquired property) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Jersey Security Law to the extent that such Jersey 
Collateral relates to the ETP Securities,  
in each case in favour of the Trustee (with full right of substitution) for its benefit and 
for the benefit of the Secured Creditors in respect of such Securities. In the event of 
any conflict between the security described in paragraphs (a) and (b) and the security 
described in paragraph (c), the security described in paragraph (c) shall have priority. 
In the event of any conflict between the security described in Condition 6.1(1) and the 
security created pursuant to the FCM Security Agreement as described in Conditions 
6.1(2) and 6.1(3), the security created pursuant to the FCM Security Agreement shall 
have priority.   
(2) 
With respect to the HR FCM Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into 
the HR FCM Security Agreement. Pursuant to the HR FCM Security Agreement the 
Secured Obligations of the Issuer in respect of the ETP Securities shall be secured by: 
(a) 
assigning  to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest 
and benefit present and future in, to and under the HR FCM Agreement to the 
extent that they relate to the ETP Securities; and 
(b) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in 
all of the Issuer’s rights as against the FCM under the HR FCM Agreement in 
respect of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the credit of 
the FCM Account, the Cash Account, and any other account of the Issuer with 
the FCM to the extent that they relate to the ETP Securities; and  
(c) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in 
all of the Issuer’s present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the 
Collateral Assets held in the FCM Account and the Cash Account to the extent 
that they relate to the ETP Securities. 
(3) 
With respect to the IB FCM Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into 
the IB FCM Security Agreement. Pursuant to the IB FCM Security Agreement the 
Secured Obligations of the Issuer in respect of the ETP Securities shall be secured by: 
(a) 
assigning  to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest 
and benefit present and future in, to and under the IB FCM Agreement to the 
extent that they relate to the ETP Securities; and 
(b) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in 
all of the Issuer’s rights as against the FCM under the IB FCM Agreement in 
respect of any sum or property now or in the future standing to the credit of 
the FCM Account, the Cash Account, and any other account of the Issuer with 
the FCM to the extent that they relate to the ETP Securities; and  
(c) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in 
all of the Issuer’s present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the 
Collateral Assets held in the FCM Account and the Cash Account to the extent 
that they relate to the ETP Securities. 
(B) 
The Security created by the Security Documents in respect of the ETP Securities is granted 
to the Trustee as continuing security for the Secured Obligations. In accordance with the 
Security Documents, prior to any enforcement of the Security, the Trustee will automatically 
be deemed to release from such Security without the need for any notice or other formalities:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(1) 
sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar and/or the FCM, as 
applicable, to the extent required for payment of any sum in respect of the ETP 
Securities and/or under the Programme Documents which is due and payable to be 
duly made (which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, without limitation, amounts 
payable in respect of Principal to the ETP Securityholders in accordance with these 
Conditions, amounts payable to the FCM under the LS FCM Agreement and Optional 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the ETP Securities payable to any Authorised 
Participant by the Issuer); 
(2) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to be delivered to or to the 
order of the FCM pursuant to the terms of the LS FCM Agreement;  
(3) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to facilitate the acquisition or 
sale of any Collateral Assets in accordance with the terms of the Conditions and the 
Portfolio Management Agreement; and 
(4) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to comply with and subject to 
the provisions of Conditions 6.6 and 6.7. 
6.2 Money received by the Trustee prior to enforcement of Security 
(A) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer agrees, on any date on which a payment 
of Principal under these Conditions in respect of any ETP Securities becomes due, 
unconditionally to pay the Trustee (or to the order of the Trustee) in same day cleared funds, 
in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Mandatory Redemption Amount, as applicable, in respect of the ETP 
Securities which is due and payable on that date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust Deed, (1) payment 
of Principal due under the ETP Securities pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and/or the Registrar as provided in the Computershare Registry Services 
Agreement shall, to that extent, satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to make payments of Principal 
in respect of the ETP Securities to the Trustee for the account of the ETP Securityholders 
except to the extent that there is a failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar to pass such payment to the relevant ETP Securityholders (whether via payment 
through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise) and (2) a payment of Principal made 
after the due date or as a result of the ETP Securities becoming repayable following an Event 
of Default or the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event shall be deemed to have 
been made when the full amount due has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar or the Trustee and notice to such effect has been given by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent to the ETP Securityholders, except to the extent that there is failure by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar to pass such payment to the relevant ETP 
Securityholders (whether via payment through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise). 
Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the benefit of this covenant on trust for 
itself and the ETP Securityholders according to their respective interests. 
(B) 
If on any day prior to any enforcement of the Security for the Secured Obligations in respect 
of a Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer has insufficient available funds to discharge in full 
all amounts which are due and payable by the Issuer on such day in respect of such Series 
of ETP Securities, the funds which are available shall be applied by the Issuer in the 
following order of priority (in each case to the extent the amounts related to the relevant 
Series of ETP Securities):  
 
(1) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities 
incurred by or payable to the Trustee under or pursuant to the relevant Security 
Documents (including, without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, 
corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration) required to be 
paid by the Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations under the 
relevant Security Documents and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(2) 
second, in payment of any amounts owing to the FCM under the LS FCM Agreement;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(3) 
third, in payment of any amounts owing to the Arranger in respect of the Arranger 
Fee;    
(4) 
fourth, in payment of any amounts owing to any Programme Party under the 
Programme Doucments; 
(5) 
fifth, in payment of any other outstanding fees and expenses which are attributable 
to the Series;  
(6) 
sixth, in payment of any amounts owing to the ETP Securityholders pari passu and 
rateably; and 
(7) 
seventh, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
If the Trustee holds any moneys in respect of ETP Securities that have become void or in 
respect of which claims have become prescribed, the Trustee will hold them on trust as 
described above. 
6.3 
Enforcement of Security constituted by the Security Documents 
The Security constituted by the Security Documents in respect of the ETP Securities shall become 
enforceable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 12 below. 
6.4 
Realisation of Security constituted by the Security Documents 
At any time after the Security constituted by the Security Documents has become enforceable, the 
Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by the holders of at least a majority 
by number of the ETP Securities then outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the ETP 
Securityholders (a copy of which has been provided to the Trustee), in each case subject to its having 
been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with the Trust Deed, enforce the Security constituted by the Security Documents. 
To do this, the Trustee may, at its discretion, in each case without any liability as to the consequence 
of such action and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual ETP 
Securityholders, (i) enforce and/or terminate any relevant Programme Document relating to the ETP 
Securities in accordance with its or their terms, and/or take action against the relevant Obligor(s) 
and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise all or part of the assets over which the Security constituted 
by the Security Documents shall have become enforceable and may in its discretion, sell, call in, 
collect and convert into money all or part of such assets, in such manner, at such time and on such 
terms as it thinks fit and/or (iii) exercise all rights, powers and remedies available to a secured party 
under Irish law in respect of the Secured Property including the powers of sale and all other powers 
conferred on mortgagees by the Land and Conveyancing Law Reform Act 2009 (the “Act”), which 
rights shall be exercisable immediately without restrictions on such powers contained in the Act (other 
than Section 103(1) of the Act) subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed, and shall apply and have 
effect on the basis that the Trust Deed and each other relevant Security Document constitutes a 
mortgage within the meaning of that Act and the Trustee is a mortgagee exercising the power of sale 
conferred upon mortgagees by that Act and/or (iv) exercise all rights, powers and remedies available 
pursuant to the terms of each relevant Security Document and the law applicable to each relevant 
Security Document.  
The Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver or receivers or one or more Appointees over all or 
part of the assets over which the Security constituted by the Security Documents shall have become 
enforceable and may remove any such person so appointed and appoint another in its place. No 
delay or waiver of the right to exercise these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. 
Entry into possession of any Secured Property shall not render the Trustee or any receiver or 
Appointee appointed by it liable to account as mortgagee in possession or liable for any loss on 
realisation or any default or omission on realisation or for any default or omission for which a 
mortgagee in possession might be liable unless such loss, default or omission is caused by its own 
fraud, gross negligence or wilful default. If and whenever the Trustee or any receiver, or Appointee 
enters into possession of the Secured Property, it shall be entitled at any time at its discretion to go 
out of such possession.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by the 
Security Documents which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) 
in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without 
first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
6.5 
Application of proceeds of enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Documents, following enforcement of the security the Trustee 
will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the assets that are the subject of the security 
constituted by the relevant Security Documents (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement and 
after taking account of any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer) as 
follows (in the case of the realisation or enforcement of any Jersey Security Interests, subject to the 
requirements of the Jersey Security Law): 
 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable in respect of the ETP Securities to the Trustee and 
any receiver and Appointee under or pursuant to the relevant Security Documents (which shall 
include, without limitation, any Taxes required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any 
income, corporation or similar Tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of 
enforcing or realising all or some of the Security constituted by the Security Documents and 
the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(B) 
second, in payment of any amounts owing to the FCM under the LS FCM Agreement; 
(C) 
third, in payment of any amounts owing to the Arranger in respect of the Arranger Fee;    
(D) 
fourth, in payment of any amounts owing to any Programme Party under the Programme 
Documents; 
(E) 
fifth, in payment of any other outstanding fees and expenses which are attributable to the 
Series;  
(F) 
sixth, in payment of any amounts owing to the ETP Securityholders pari passu and rateably; 
and 
(G) 
seventh, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
6.6  
Shortfall after application of proceeds; Limited recourse and non-petition 
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the ETP Securities, with the exception of the 
FCM with respect to the LS FCM Agreement, the Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders 
shall have recourse only to the Secured Property in respect of such ETP Securities, subject always 
to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the Secured 
Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as 
provided in this Condition 6 and the Security Documents, as applicable, any outstanding claim against 
the Issuer, whether secured or unsecured, remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be 
extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the extinguishment 
of any such claim, with the exception of the FCM with respect to the LS FCM Agreement, none of the 
Programme Parties, the ETP Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them 
shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, 
corporate service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished 
claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum.  
With the exception of the FCM with respect to the LS FCM Agreement, none of the Programme 
Parties or the ETP Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, 
bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether 
court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets (save that the Trustee may 
lodge a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer which is initiated by another non-affiliated party or take 
proceedings to obtain a declaration as to the obligations of the Issuer and without limitation to the 
Trustee's right to enforce or realise the relevant Security (including by appointing a receiver and/or

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Appointee)), and none of them shall have any claim arising with respect to the sums, assets and/or 
property attributable to any other securities issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which 
form a single Series with the ETP Securities). 
The LS FCM Agreement does not contain limited recourse provisions with respect to the liabilities of 
the Issuer.  If following realisation in full of the Secured Property of a Series of ETP Securities 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash in accordance with 
the applicable orders of priority and the Trust Deed, a claim which is attributable to such Series of 
ETP Securities remains outstanding against the Issuer by the FCM, such claim may be made by the 
FCM against assets attributable to any other outstanding Series of ETP Securities which may, in 
certain circumstances, result in a Mandatory Redemption of all Series of ETP Securities at a 
Mandatory Redemption Amount of zero or close to zero.  In other circumstances the Portfolio 
Manager will reconstitute the FCM Account with respect to each outstanding Series of ETP Securities 
to ensure that such FCM Claim is apportioned to all outstanding Series of ETP Securities on a pro 
rata basis. The Broker Dealer of Record, however, has agreed to indemnify the Issuer, against any 
loss, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which the Issuer may incur as a result of any such 
claims by the FCM. Such indemnity is limited to the lower of the value of 5% of the Collateral Assets 
of the Largest Series or $20 million. The term “Largest Series” as used above means any Series of 
ETP Securities, the Collateral Assets of which has the highest value of all Series of ETP Securities 
in issue at any time.  If for any reason the Broker Dealer of Record cannot or does not honour such 
indemnity or the Broker Dealer of Record resigns its appointment under the Broker Dealer of Record 
Agreement, such claim would negatively impact the value of the ETP Securities of such outstanding 
Series of ETP Securities.  
The provisions of this Condition 6.6 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the ETP 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Programme Document. 
6.7 
Issuer’s rights as beneficial owner of Secured Property  
Notwithstanding Condition 14.1, at any time before the Security constituted by the Security 
Documents becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, without the sanction of an Extraordinary 
Resolution and without the prior written consent of the Trustee: 
(A) take such action in relation to the Secured Property relating to the ETP Securities as may be 
required by the Programme Documents; and 
(B) exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Secured Property in respect of a Series of 
ETP Securities which are exercisable by the Issuer and, in particular (but, without limitation, and 
without responsibility for their exercise), any voting rights in respect of such property and all rights 
to enforce any such ownership interests in respect of such property, 
provided that the Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to such assets if it is directed to the 
contrary by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution and, if such direction is given, the Issuer 
shall act only in accordance with such direction. 
7. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the ETP Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and the Portfolio Manager: 
(A) 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in any 
of the following activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is incidental 
thereto): 
(1) 
issue, enter into, amend, redeem, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or 
resell all or some only of the ETP Securities of any Series under the Programme as 
may be provided in these Conditions and the Trust Deed and the Programme 
Documents and in connection therewith enter into or amend any Programme 
Documents accordingly; 
(2) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured 
Property for a Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme so as to enable

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
it to discharge its obligations under such Series, and any relevant Programme 
Document relating to such Series; 
(3) 
perform its respective obligations under any ETP Securities issued under the 
Programme, and any relevant Programme Document entered into by it in connection 
with such Series, and any agreements incidental to the granting of Security relating 
to any such Series of ETP Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any 
Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme; 
(4) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property, the Collateral Assets, the 
LS FCM Agreement or any other Programme Document contemplated or permitted 
by the Conditions, the LS FCM Agreement or such Programme Document relating to 
any Series of ETP Securities; 
(5) 
subject to as provided in the Trust Deed and in the Conditions relating to any Series 
of ETP Securities enforce any of its rights whether under the Trust Deed, any other 
Programme Document or otherwise under any agreement entered into in relation to 
any Series of ETP Securities or any Secured Property relating to any such Series; 
(6) 
entering into transactions or instruments, acquiring assets or otherwise engaging in 
activities which it considers prudent, appropriate or otherwise desirable for 
maintaining its access to sufficient leverage for the operation of the Programme and 
maintaining the exposure and leverage levels for each Series of ETP Securities;  
(7) 
perform any other act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above 
(which shall include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other 
administrative or management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to 
keep it operating and/or to comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to 
it); and 
(8) 
make any adjustment, variation or modification as contemplated by Condition 
14.2(B); 
(B) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(C) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any assets that are the subject of the Security 
constituted by the Security Documents or any other part of the Secured Property in respect 
of any Series of ETP Securities or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow 
to exist any charge, lien or other encumbrance over such Secured Property (to the extent 
it relates to the Issuer) except in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant ETP 
Securities of any such Series, the LS FCM Agreement, the Portfolio Management 
Agreement, the Computershare Registry Services Agreement, the Trust Deed for any such 
Series and any other Programme Document relating to any such Series as may be 
applicable, including liens of any FCM; 
(D) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets 
substantially as an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the Trust Deed 
and the Conditions for any Series of ETP Securities); 
(E) 
have any employees (provided this shall not prevent the appointment of the directors); 
(F) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the 
time of its incorporation and which are held by the Share Trustee or its nominee) or make 
any distribution to its shareholders; 
(G) 
declare any dividends; 
(H) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such 
account: (i) relates to a Series of ETP Securities, the Portfolio Management Agreement, 
the LS FCM Agreement or any Secured Property relating to a Series of ETP Securities or 
any party thereto and the Issuer’s interest in such account is simultaneously charged in 
favour of the Trustee so as to form part of the relevant Secured Property relating to such 
Series of ETP Securities, (ii) is opened in connection with the administration and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
management of the Issuer and only moneys necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
or (iii) is opened in connection with activities undertaken by the Issuer for the purposes of 
maintaining its access to sufficient leverage for the operation of the Programme and 
maintaining the exposure and leverage levels for each Series of ETP Securities and such 
account is simultaneously charged in favour of the Trustee so as to form part of the relevant 
Secured Property relating to such Series of ETP Securities; 
(I) 
purchase, own, or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like 
facilities); 
(J) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person 
or enter into any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the 
obligations of such entity or person or any other entity or person; 
(K) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any 
agreements whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its 
shareholders; 
(L) 
except as contemplated by any relevant Programme Document, the Conditions relating to 
a Series of ETP Securities, and/or the agreements contemplated by paragraph (A)(6) 
above, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the rights, 
property or other assets comprising the Secured Property for any such Series of ETP 
Securities, to any other entity or person; 
(M) 
subject as provided in paragraph (A) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed 
moneys, other than (subject to Conditions 6 and 15) issuing further ETP Securities under 
the Programme (which may or may not form a single Series with the ETP Securities of any 
Series and may or may not be guaranteed by a third party) and creating or incurring further 
obligations relating to such ETP Securities, provided that: 
(1) 
if such further ETP Securities are not to form a single Series with any other Series of 
ETP Securities, such further ETP Securities and obligations are secured on assets 
of the Issuer other than (i) the assets which are the subject of the Security constituted 
by the Security Documents relating to any other Series of ETP Securities and (ii) the 
Issuer’s share capital; 
(2) 
such further ETP Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the assets 
which are the subject of the Security constituted by the Security Documents relating 
to the Series of ETP Securities with which such ETP Securities are to form a single 
Series; and 
(3) 
in connection with such issue of further ETP Securities, the FCM agrees to any 
increase of the economic exposure under the LS FCM Agreement which is necessary 
to facilitate the issue of such further ETP Securities. 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the 
Trustee and the Portfolio Manager is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
inconsistent with the objects of the Issuer as specified in its memorandum and articles of 
association. 
8. 
Redemption 
8.1 Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in whole as provided below, each ETP Security shall become due and 
payable on its Final Redemption Settlement Date at its Final Redemption Amount. 
8.2 Optional Redemption  
(A) 
An ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided 
herein) on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of ETP

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Securities at the Optional Redemption Amount by submitting to the Issuer a valid 
Redemption Order in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
(B) 
An ETP Securityholder which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as 
provided herein) on any Valuation Date require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of its 
holding of such ETP Securities at the Optional Redemption Amount by submitting to the 
Issuer a valid Redemption Order only if the Issuer has notified the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 in respect of any Valuation Date that redemption requests 
from ETP Securityholders which are not Authorised Participants will be permitted and no 
later notice to the contrary has yet been delivered. Any such announcement may be 
general or subject to conditions, and any such Redemption Order which is not in 
accordance with any such conditions shall not be valid. 
(C) 
Any ETP Security that is subject to Optional Redemption in accordance with this Condition 
8.2 as a result of the delivery of a Redemption Order, shall become due and payable on 
the relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date at its Optional Redemption Amount. 
8.3 Redemption Orders  
(A) 
A Redemption Order shall only be valid if: 
(1) 
other than in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 8.2(B), it is delivered by 
an ETP Securityholder that is an Authorised Participant; 
(2) 
it specifies the number and Series of any ETP Securities to be redeemed; 
(3) 
it is received by the Issuer between 8.00 a.m. (Dublin time) and the Notice Deadline 
on any Valuation Date; 
(4) 
it specifies the Redemption Account into which the Optional Redemption Amount 
shall be payable in respect of any ETP Security to be redeemed; 
(5) 
the number of ETP Securities to be redeemed would not result in any Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit, or any other applicable limitation on redemption as 
determined by the Issuer, being exceeded (for the purposes of which, Redemption 
Orders shall be dealt with in order of their actual receipt by the Issuer; 
(6) 
the Redemption Order is received or deemed to have been received before the 
occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event; 
(7) 
on the day it is received (or deemed to have been received by the Issuer) until the 
Optional Redemption Pricing Date (if different) none of the following events has 
occurred and is continuing: 
(a) 
an Event of Default; 
(b) 
unless determined otherwise by the Issuer, an FCM Event of Default; or 
(c) 
unless determined otherwise by the Issuer, an Adjustment Event; 
(8) 
if the Issuer has not delivered a notice in writing to each Authorised Participant 
stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice, redemption of the ETP 
Securities shall be so suspended; 
(9) 
it is not invalid pursuant to Condition 8.3; or 
(10) unless the Issuer otherwise agrees in its absolute discretion, such Redemption 
Order is submitted by an Authorised Participant on any day and no other

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Redemption Order has been submitted by that Authorised Participant on or in 
respect of such day in respect of the same Series. 
(B) 
If the Issuer determines that a Redemption Order is invalid in whole or in part, it shall 
notify the ETP Securityholder of that fact as soon as reasonably practicable and no ETP 
Securities may be redeemed pursuant to a Redemption Order that the Issuer has 
determined in its absolute discretion is invalid. 
(C) 
The Issuer shall not be obliged to redeem any ETP Securities pursuant to a Redemption 
Order where the relevant portion of the Collateral Assets have not been liquidated by 
the Portfolio Manager in accordance with the provisions of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement. 
(D) 
Where a Redemption Order is received by the Issuer on a Valuation Date after the 
Notice Deadline, such Redemption Order shall be void unless the Portfolio Manager 
provides its consent for the Issuer to treat such Redemption Order as if it had been 
received by it prior to the Notice Deadline.  
(E) 
Within one London Business Day after the Optional Redemption Pricing Date in respect 
of any Redemption Order, the Issuer shall notify the relevant ETP Securityholder of the 
Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of ETP Securities which are the 
subject of that Redemption Order, calculated as provided above. 
(F) 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption 
Orders on five calendar days’ prior notice to the ETP Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 and these Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
8.4 Settlement of Optional Redemptions 
(A) 
A Redemption Order that is deemed valid shall be settled, unless otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer (or Portfolio Manager on its behalf) and the relevant Authorised 
Participant, on the applicable Optional Redemption Settlement Date at the Optional 
Redemption Amount. 
(B) 
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the Optional Redemption of 
ETP Securities by transfer of the appropriate number of ETP Securities to one or more 
Authorised Participants from ETP Securityholders requesting redemption, and for that 
purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on behalf of the ETP Securityholder to 
execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number of ETP 
Securities provided that the amount payable to the ETP Securityholder shall 
nonetheless be an amount equal to the relevant Optional Redemption Amount and the 
relevant Optional Redemption Settlement Date shall be the date of such transfer. 
(C) 
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement 
agree with any ETP Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant to satisfy 
any requests for the Optional Redemption of any ETP Securities by the transfer to, or 
to the order of, such ETP Securityholder on the Optional Redemption Settlement Date 
of Collateral Assets with a value determined by the Determination Agent to be equal to 
the Optional Redemption Amount.  
8.5 Suspension of Optional Redemptions 
(A) 
If the ETP Security Value falls to less than the Principal Protection Amount of the ETP 
Securities for 5 consecutive Valuation Dates (the 5th such Valuation Date being a 
“Threshold Event Date”): 
(1) 
the Issuer shall give notice convening a meeting of ETP Securityholders on a 
date not more than 120 calendar days after the Threshold Event Date for the 
purpose of considering an Extraordinary Resolution which would have the 
effect of reducing the Principal Amount of the ETP Securities to an amount

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
which is not less than 2.00 per cent. of the ETP Security Value as at the 
Threshold Event Date, in which event any suspension implemented pursuant 
to paragraph (2) below will cease if such Extraordinary Resolution is passed; 
and 
(2) 
the Issuer may, but shall not be obliged to, at any time after the Threshold Event 
Date, for so long as the ETP Security Value continues to be less than 2.00 per 
cent. of the Principal Amount of the ETP Securities, suspend the right to request 
redemption of ETP Securities pursuant to Condition 8.2. 
(B) 
If the FCM has defaulted in its obligations under the LS FCM Agreement and 
such default is continuing (such event, an “FCM Event of Default”), the Issuer 
may, at its discretion, at any time and from time to time while such FCM Event 
of Default is continuing suspend the right to request redemption of the ETP 
Securities pursuant to Condition 8.2.  
In each case, subject as provided in this Condition 8.5, the Issuer may at its discretion terminate 
any such suspension at any time. 
The following provisions shall apply where Optional Redemptions have been suspended: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, as soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure to give such any such notice 
shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions; 
(ii) 
any such suspension may continue for a period of up to 60 calendar days, and may continue 
thereafter at the discretion of the Issuer (1) in the case of a suspension pursuant to Condition 
8.5(A)(2), if the Extraordinary Resolution referred to in Condition 8.5(A)(1) above has not 
been passed; or (2) in the case of a suspension pursuant to Condition 8.5(B), for so long as 
the FCM Event of Default is continuing; and 
(iii) 
any suspension shall not affect any Optional Redemption pursuant to a Redemption Order, 
the Optional Redemption Pricing Date for which had passed before the suspension 
commenced, but any Redemption Order in respect of ETP Securities submitted or deemed 
to be received on a Valuation Date when the right to request redemption of the ETP 
Securities pursuant to Condition 8.2 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 8.5 shall be 
invalid. 
8.6 Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the ETP Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, elect to redeem all or some only of the ETP Securities and designate a Mandatory 
Redemption Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Mandatory 
Redemption Date shall not be earlier than the fifth calendar day following the date of the relevant 
notice (such notice an "Issuer Call Redemption Notice"). In the event that only some of the 
outstanding ETP Securities are called for redemption pursuant to an Issuer Call Redemption Notice, 
a pro rata portion of each ETP Securityholder’s ETP Securities shall be subject to such redemption. 
For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Event in the form of an "Issuer Call 
Redemption Event" will occur on the Mandatory Redemption Date designated in the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice (or if such day is not a Valuation Date on the first following Valuation Date). The 
Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the Programme Parties on 
the same date as such notice is given to the ETP Securityholders. 
8.7 Mandatory Redemption Events 
Each of the following events shall be a mandatory redemption event in respect of the ETP Securities 
(each a "Mandatory Redemption Event"):

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(A) 
Disruption Redemption Event: the occurrence of a Disruption Redemption Event. For the 
purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the fifth Exchange 
Business Day after the date of the notice from the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 9.3(C); 
(B) 
Threshold Redemption Event: if for 5 consecutive Valuation Dates falling on or after the 200th 
calendar day following a Threshold Event Date, the ETP Security Value is less than the 
Principal Protection Amount of such ETP Securities, the Issuer shall designate a Mandatory 
Redemption Date in respect of the ETP Securities;  
(C) 
Termination of appointment of Agent or Authorised Participants: any of the Determination 
Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Portfolio Manager and/or all of the 
Authorised Participants in relation to the ETP Securities resign their appointment or their 
appointment is terminated for any reason and no successor or replacement has been 
appointed at the time that such resignation or termination takes effect in accordance with the 
applicable Programme Document, and the Issuer gives notice (an "Agent Redemption Event 
Notice") to the Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur 
on the fifth Exchange Business Day after the date of the Agent Redemption Event Notice; 
(D) 
Publication failure: if the ETP Security Value in respect of the ETP Securities has not been 
published by or on behalf of the Issuer for 14 consecutive Non-Disrupted Valuation Dates (a 
"Publication Failure Event") and the Trustee is notified in writing of such Publication Failure 
Event and directed in writing by holders of at least a majority by number of the ETP Securities 
then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (a copy of which has been 
provided to the Trustee) (an "ETP Securityholder Notice and Direction") to give a notice 
under this Condition 8.7(D) to the Issuer, the Trustee will, provided that the Trustee has been 
pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such notice (a 
"Publication Event Redemption Notice") to the Issuer, copied to each of the Programme 
Parties. For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Date will occur on the 
fifth Business Day following the date of the Publication Event Redemption Notice. The 
Trustee shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any ETP Securityholder or any 
Programme Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a 
Publication Failure Event has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives 
an ETP Securityholder Notice and Direction, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume that no 
such event has occurred; 
(E) 
Change in law or regulation: on or after the Series Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or 
any change in any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, 
without limitation, any tax law and any regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any 
applicable regulatory authority, tax authority and/or any exchange) or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority): 
(1) 
the Issuer has (or reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) 
hold, acquire or dispose of all of the types of Reference Asset or Collateral Asset, 
and/or (y) perform its obligations under the ETP Securities and/or the LS FCM 
Agreement; or 
(2) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations under the ETP Securities and/or the LS FCM Agreement (including, 
without limitation, any increase in any applicable Taxes, any decrease in any 
applicable tax benefit and/or any other costs or liability to Tax of the Issuer relating 
to any change in any applicable tax law or regulation), 
the Issuer may give notice to the Programme Parties and the ETP Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 that the ETP Securities are to be redeemed and designate a 
Mandatory Redemption Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the 
Mandatory Redemption Date shall not be earlier than the fifth Exchange Business Day 
following the date of the relevant notice (such notice an "Issuer Redemption Notice");

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
(F) 
FCM Account Termination Event: if, with respect to a Series of ETP Securities, the LS FCM 
Agreement terminates prior to the redemption of all the ETP Securities of such Series for any 
reason and if at such point in time no other FCM is appointed with respect to such Series (an 
“FCM Account Termination Event”). For the purposes of Condition 8.7, a Mandatory 
Redemption Date will occur on the date of termination of the last LS FCM Agreement 
applicable to a Series of ETP Securities; and 
(G) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event: an Issuer Call Redemption Event occurs pursuant to 
Condition 8.6. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Programme Document, if at any 
time following the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event (the "Initial Early Redemption 
Event") an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Mandatory 
Redemption Event occurs (the "Secondary Early Redemption Event") in respect of which the 
Mandatory Redemption Date relating thereto occurs (or would occur) prior to the date that would 
have been the Mandatory Redemption Date in respect of the Initial Early Redemption Event, the 
Secondary Early Redemption Event shall prevail and all references to the "Mandatory Redemption 
Event" in the Conditions and the Programme Documents shall be construed accordingly. 
8.8 Mandatory Redemption Amount 
If any of the Mandatory Redemption Events listed in Condition 8.7 occurs, each ETP Security shall 
become due and payable on the related Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date at its Mandatory 
Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the ETP Securityholders of the Mandatory Redemption Date and the 
Mandatory Redemption Settlement Date of the ETP Securities as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Condition 16. 
9 
Disruption Events, Adjustments Events and postponement 
9.1 Disruption Events  
If a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then with respect to a Series of ETP Securities:  
(A) 
the calculation and publication of the ETP Security Value in respect of such Valuation Date 
will be postponed to the next following Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day; and  
(B) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable efforts, to the extent that all required information is available 
to it, to publish an indicative price in respect of each ETP Security on the Issuer’s Website, 
solely for information purposes. 
9.2 Postponement of settlement of subscriptions and Optional Redemptions  
(A) 
If a Subscription Order or a Redemption Order  is received by the Issuer on a Valuation Date 
which is a Disrupted Day, then such Subscription Order or Redemption Order shall be deemed 
to have been received by the Issuer on the day on which the ETP Security Value is deemed 
to be determined in respect of that Valuation Date. No additional amount shall be payable to 
any Authorised Participant (or any ETP Securityholder acquiring ETP Securities from, or 
selling ETP Securities to, an Authorised Participant) in connection with the postponement of 
Subscription Settlement Date or Optional Redemption Settlement Date, as applicable. 
(B) 
A Subscription Order delivered by an Authorised Participant which has been deferred in 
accordance with Condition 9.2(A) may be withdrawn by that Authorised Participant. 
9.3 Adjustments 
(A) 
If an Adjustment Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner whether in its opinion it is 
appropriate to make one or more adjustments to the terms of the Conditions of the ETP

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Securities as are necessary to account for the economic effect on the LS FCM Agreement, the 
Portfolio Management Agreement and the ETP Securities of the relevant Adjustment Event. 
(B) 
If the Issuer determines that it is appropriate to make such necessary adjustments referred to 
in (A) above, it will, as soon as reasonably practicable, determine in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the nature and effective date of such adjustment(s), and 
notify the Programme Parties and, in accordance with Condition 16, the ETP Securityholders 
of the occurrence of such Adjustment Event and the details of such adjustments to the 
Conditions and any related adjustments to the terms of the LS FCM Agreement and the 
Portfolio Management Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable upon making such 
determinations. 
With effect from the effective date of any such adjustment, the Issuer and the Programme 
Parties shall take into account the relevant adjustment(s) so notified to it when making any 
determination and/or calculation it is required to make under the Conditions and the terms of 
the relevant Programme Documents, as appropriate, and the Conditions of the ETP Securities 
and the terms of the Programme Documents shall be construed accordingly. Neither the 
consent of the Trustee nor the consent of the ETP Securityholders will be required for any such 
adjustment to the Conditions of the ETP Securities, provided that no such adjustment or 
amendment may be made which would, in the Trustee’s opinion, affect its rights, protections 
or impose more onerous obligations on the Trustee without its consent. 
(C) 
If the Issuer determines that it is not appropriate to make such adjustments referred to in (A) 
above, the Issuer will notify the Programme Parties and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
ETP Securityholders that the ETP Securities will be redeemed and, for the purposes of 
Condition 8.7, a Mandatory Redemption Event in the form of a "Disruption Redemption 
Event" will occur. 
10. 
Payments, calculations, Agents and records 
10.1 
Payments net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the ETP Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the ETP Securities, the 
ETP Securityholders will be subject to, and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate 
for, any such Tax or deduction or any other amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to Condition 
10.3. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction.  
10.2 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the ETP Securities will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10.1 and 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto (in each case without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10.1). No commission 
or expenses shall be charged to the ETP Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
10.3 
Calculations 
(A) 
The Determination Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or at such 
time as the Determination Agent is required in accordance with the Determination Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and 
obligations as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
(B) 
The calculation by the Determination Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required to 
be calculated by the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be made in

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
good faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
ETP Securityholders and the Programme Parties. 
10.4 
Calculation by Trustee 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 6.3 and the 
Determination Agent does not make any calculation relating to the ETP Security Value, Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Mandatory Redemption Amount when 
required pursuant to the Conditions and the Programme Documents, then the Trustee may appoint 
an agent on its behalf to make any calculation in place of the Determination Agent provided that the 
Trustee shall have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by one or 
more ETP Securityholders in accordance with the Trust Deed. Any such calculation made on behalf 
of the Trustee shall for the purposes of the Conditions and the Programme Documents be deemed 
to have been made by the Determination Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the 
provisions of the Conditions and/or the relevant Programme Document(s), with any necessary 
consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it 
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. In the absence 
of fraud, gross negligence and wilful default, the Trustee directly or its agent shall not be liable 
(whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the ETP Securityholders 
or any Programme Party for any calculation (or any delay in making any calculation) so made. For 
avoidance of doubt, the Trustee is not under any obligation to supervise the proceedings or acts of 
any such agent.  In addition, provided that the Trustee exercises due care in appointing such agent, 
the Trustee is not in any way responsible for any liability incurred by reason of any misconduct, act, 
omission or default on the part of any such agent. 
10.5 
Determination Agent 
(A) 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Determination Agency Agreement, the Issuer 
shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times be a Determination 
Agent for so long as any of the ETP Securities are outstanding. If the Determination Agent 
resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, the Issuer shall use all reasonable 
efforts to appoint a reputable entity that provides services of a similar type to those required 
of the Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions or a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap, commodity 
or over-the-counter commodity futures and options or index options market) that the Issuer 
reasonably determines is capable of making the calculation(s) required to be made by the 
Determination Agent under the Relevant Provisions to act as such in its place. 
(B) 
The Determination Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort 
or otherwise) to the Issuer, any ETP Securityholder, any other Programme Party or any other 
person for any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the 
performance by the Determination Agent of its obligations under the Determination Agency 
Agreement, the Conditions and the other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall 
relieve the Determination Agent from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions 
constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Determination Agent (any such act or 
omission, a "Determination Agent Breach"). 
(C) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6(C), be held 
liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the Determination 
Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any ETP Securityholder, any other 
Programme Party or any other person if such Determination Agent Breach results solely and 
directly from either (i) the failure by any other Programme Party to provide any notice, 
instruction or direction which such Programme Party is required or permitted to give under 
the Conditions or any relevant Programme Document or (ii) a delay in the delivery by any 
other Programme Party of any notice, instruction or direction which such Programme Party 
is required or permitted to give to the Determination Agent under the Conditions or any 
relevant Programme Document. 
(D) 
If the Determination Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 10.6(D), be held 
liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Determination Agent Breach, the Determination 
Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability to the Issuer, any ETP Securityholder, any other

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Programme Party or any other person if such Determination Agent Breach results solely and 
directly from the reliance by the Determination Agent upon a rate, amount, quotation, value 
or other calculation or determination notified to the Determination Agent pursuant to the 
Conditions and/or any relevant Programme Document which is made by another Programme 
Party in accordance with the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Programme 
Document. 
(E) 
The Determination Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or trust with 
any ETP Securityholder. 
(F) 
The Determination Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in 
the Conditions, the Determination Agency Agreement and the other Relevant Provisions and 
no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind will be read into the Determination 
Agency Agreement against or on the part of the Determination Agent. The Determination 
Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of 
the Issuer or any other person under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Programme 
Document unless otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
10.6 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any ETP Securityholder. The Issuer may 
at any time without requiring the prior written approval of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders but 
subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Programme Documents, terminate 
the appointment of an Agent, replace an Agent, appoint additional or other Agents or vary the terms 
of appointment of an existing Agent. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic termination 
of the appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or 
proceedings in the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent and a Registrar , (ii) a Determination Agent, (iii) 
a Portfolio Manager, (iv) in respect of any ETP Securities admitted to trading and listed on the SIX 
Swiss Exchange, for so long as the ETP Securities are listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange and if then 
required by the regulations of the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent in 
Switzerland (the “Swiss Paying Agent”), which agent shall have an office in Switzerland and be a 
bank or securities firm subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Authority (“FINMA”), to 
perform the functions of a Swiss Paying Agent, and (v) such other agents as may be required by any 
stock exchange on which the ETP Securities may be listed. Notice of any change of Agent or any 
change to the specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given to the ETP Securityholders by the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 16. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and any relevant Programme Document, at any time after 
an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has occurred in relation to the ETP Securities, the 
Trustee may (i) by notice in writing to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying 
Agents, the Registrar, the Portfolio Manager, and/or the Determination Agent, require any and all of 
such Agents, until notified by the Trustee to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) 
act as agent of the Trustee under the Trust Deed and the ETP Securities mutatis mutandis on the 
terms of the Computershare Registry Services Agreement and/or the Portfolio Management 
Agreement and/or the Determination Agency Agreement, as applicable (with consequential 
amendments as necessary) and except that the Trustee’s liability for the indemnification, 
remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents (if any) shall be limited to the amounts for the 
time being held by the Trustee in respect of the ETP Securities on the terms of the Trust Deed and 
which are available (after application in accordance with the relevant order of priority set out in 
Condition 6.5) to discharge such liability); or (b) deliver the ETP Securities and all moneys, 
documents and records held by them in respect of the ETP Securities to or to the order of the Trustee 
or as the Trustee directs in such notice, and (ii) by notice in writing to the Issuer require it to make all 
subsequent payments in respect of the ETP Securities to or to the order of the Trustee and not to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, and/or the Registrar with effect from the receipt of any such notice by the 
Issuer; and from then until such notice is withdrawn, proviso (1) of Condition 6.2(A) shall cease to 
have effect.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
10.7 
Authorised Participants  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
approval of ETP Securityholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution or otherwise, or the consent 
of the Trustee is required (without limitation) in connection with the accession of a new Authorised 
Participant to the Programme or the termination of the appointment of an existing Authorised 
Participant (including the Initial Authorised Participant).  Without prejudice to the forgoing and 
Condition 8.7(C), the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain at least one 
Authorised Participant. 
10.8 
Programme Parties  
Without limitation to Condition 10.6 and Condition 10.7, in the case of Programme Parties other than 
the Agents and the Authorised Participants, the Issuer may at any time without requiring the prior 
written approval of the Trustee or the ETP Securityholders but subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Programme Documents, terminate the appointment of such Programme 
Parties, replace such Programme Parties, appoint additional or other such Programme Parties or 
vary the terms of appointment of an existing such Programme Party. 
10.9 
Business day convention and non-Payment Business Days 
(A) 
If any date for payment in respect of any ETP Security is not a Payment Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Business Day or to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(B) 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Valuation Date, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Valuation 
Date. 
11 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETP Securities shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment of 
Principal in respect of the ETP Securities first became due or (if any amount of the money payable 
was improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding was 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the ETP 
Securityholders that, upon further presentation of the ETP Security being made in accordance with 
the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation (such date the "Relevant Date"). 
12 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may 
or will, if so directed in writing by the holders of at least a majority by number of the ETP Securities 
then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, a copy of which has been provided 
to the Trustee (provided that in each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction by one or more ETP Securityholders in accordance with the Trust 
Deed), give notice to the Issuer (copied to each Programme Party) (such notice an "Event of Default 
Redemption Notice") that the ETP Securities are, and they shall immediately become, due and 
payable at their Final Redemption Amount: 
(A) 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in respect of the ETP Securities or any of 
them for a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
(B) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a 
payment obligation) under the ETP Securities, the Trust Deed or any other Programme 
Document, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of 
remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, 
for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular 
time);   
(C) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs; or 
(D) 
an FCM Event of Default occurs in respect of all FCMs appointed in relation to such Series of 
ETP Securities unless the Issuer appoints a new FCM within 60 calendar days of such FCM 
Event of Default occurring. 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the ETP Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 and to the 
Authorised Participant(s). 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, on each anniversary of the issue date of the first 
Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after any 
request by the Trustee, it will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director of the Issuer to 
the effect that as at a date not more than five calendar days prior to the date of the certificate no 
Event of Default, or event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of time and/or 
issue of a certificate become an Event of Default, has occurred. 
13 
Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer, as it may think fit to 
enforce the rights of the holders of the ETP Securities against the Issuer whether the same arise 
under general law, the Trust Deed or the ETP Securities, any other Programme Document or 
otherwise, but, in each case, it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings unless 
in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution a copy of which has been provided to the Trustee or directed in writing by holders of at 
least a majority by number of the ETP Securities then outstanding and it shall have been secured 
and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction.  
None of the other Secured Creditors other than the FCM shall be entitled to proceed directly against 
the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the 
Security Documents, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The ETP Securityholders acknowledge and agree that only the Trustee may enforce the Security 
over the Secured Property in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Security Documents. 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any action in relation to the Security constituted by the 
Security Documents which may (i) be illegal or contrary to any applicable law or regulation or (ii) 
cause it to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any liability (including any personal liability) 
in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, powers and discretions, without 
first being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.  
14 
Meetings of ETP Securityholders, modification, waiver, substitution and restrictions  
14.1 
Meetings of ETP Securityholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the ETP Securityholders (including by 
ways other than physical meetings) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the ETP Securities (including these Conditions or the 
provisions of the Trust Deed insofar as the same may apply to such ETP Securities).  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more ETP 
Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate more than 50 
per cent of the number of the ETP Securities for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned such 
meeting, one or more ETP Securityholders or agents present in person being or representing ETP 
Securityholders, whatever the number of the ETP Securities so held or represented, and an 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the ETP

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Securityholders, whether present or not.  
A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the 
aggregate number of the ETP Securities for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of ETP Securityholders. 
14.2 
Modification of the relevant Programme Documents 
(A) 
Subject to Condition 14.3(F), the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
ETP Securityholders, to (i) any modification(s) to these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or any other Programme Document to which the Trustee is a party which is, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification(s), and any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document to 
which the Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the ETP Securityholders. Any such modification(s), 
authorisation or waiver will be binding on the ETP Securityholders and, if the 
Trustee so requires, such modification(s) will be notified by the Issuer to the ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as reasonably 
practicable. This Condition 14.2(A) shall not limit the authority of the Issuer to make 
any of the adjustments, variations or modifications to, inter alia, these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or any other Programme Document as set out in Condition 
14.2(B). 
(B) 
The Issuer may agree, without of the consent of the Trustee or the ETP 
Securityholders,  to any adjustments, variations or modifications of the Conditions, 
the Trust Deed or any other Programme Document including but not limited to any 
adjustments, variations or modifications which are made:  
(i)  in connection with the accession of a new Authorised Participant to the 
Programme or the termination of the appointment of an existing Authorised 
Participant (including the Initial Authorised Participant); 
(ii) 
in connection with any variation of the terms of appointment of a Programme 
Party or Agent, the termination of the appointment of a Programme Party or 
Agent, the replacement of a Programme Party or Agent, the appointment of 
additional Programme Parties or Agents or any adjustment, variation or 
amendment to the terms of any Programme Document or the Conditions; 
(iii) 
in connection with any variation of the terms of appointment of an FCM, the 
termination of the appointment of an FCM, the replacement of an FCM, the 
appointment of additional FCMs or any variation or amendment to the terms 
of any LS FCM Agreement; 
(iv) 
in connection with an amendment to the terms of the Programme and/or the 
Conditions to extend the range of assets which may be included as Collateral 
Assets for any Series of ETP Securities; 
(v) 
in connection with an amendment to the terms of the Programme to facilitate 
the issue of Series of ETP Securities which pursue actively managed 
Investment Strategies; 
(vi) 
in order to facilitate any application for the admission of the ETP Securities of 
any Series to listing or trading on any stock exchange or the de-listing of any 
ETP Securities from any stock exchange; 
(vii) 
in order to effect the transfer of the LS FCM Agreement to a new FCM or to 
make amendments consequent upon such transfer; or 
(viii) to effect any adjustment to the Conditions of the ETP Securities and/or the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
terms of the LS FCM Agreement pursuant to the Conditions as a consequence 
of the occurrence of an Adjustment Event provided that the adjustments do 
not take effect until at least three calendar days have elapsed after they are 
announced to the ETP Securityholders in accordance with the Conditions; or  
(ix) 
to effect any adjustment, including but not limited to: (i) any amendment(s), 
variation(s), or modification(s) to the Programme, a Programme Document, 
the Conditions of a Series of ETP Securities, the Supplemental Trust Deed, a 
Security Document, the Programme Parties or Agents; and (ii)  any 
adjustment, variation or modification related to or concerning the matters 
contemplated by paragraphs (i) to (viii) above but not otherwise permitted by 
those paragraphs which the Issuer considers to be necessary or desirable for 
the Programme or any Series of ETP Securities. 
  
Any adjustment, variation or modification within the scope of paragraphs (i) to 
(ix) above  being “Relevant Adjustment(s)”. 
(C) 
Any Relevant Adjustment shall be subject to the following provisions: 
 
(a) 
such Relevant Adjustment(s) are notified to ETP Securityholders at least 
5 Business Days in advance of becoming effective;   
(b) 
in the case of a Relevant Adjustment within the scope of Clause 
14.2(B)(ix), the Issuer certifies in the notice to ETP Securityholders that, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, such Relevant Adjustment(s) are not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the ETP Securityholders; and 
(c)  
following such Relevant Adjustment(s) becoming effective, the Issuer 
shall, as soon as practicable, notify such Relevant Adjustment(s): (i) to 
the ETP Securityholders of each of the relevant Series in accordance 
with the Conditions of the relevant Series; and (ii) where relevant, to any 
stock exchange on which the relevant ETP Securities are admitted to 
trading.  
To the extent that the consent of the Trustee is required in order to give effect to any permitted 
adjustment, variation or modification to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any Programme 
Document to which the Trustee is a party which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee is necessary 
or desirable to be made for the purposes described above, the Trustee is required to agree, 
without the consent of the ETP Securityholders, to such adjustment, variation or modification 
provided however that the Trustee shall be entitled to refuse to agree to any adjustment, 
variation, modification or any other matter which would, in the Trustee’s sole opinion, have the 
effect of  
 
(1) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and/or  
 
(2) adding to or increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties or decreasing the rights, powers, 
authorisation, indemnities, discretions or protections of the Trustee. 
 
The Issuer shall not have any ability to unilaterally make any adjustment, variation, modification 
or any other matter which would, in the Trustee’s sole opinion, have the effect of  
 
(1) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and/or  
 
(2) adding to or increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties or decreasing the rights, powers, 
authorisation, indemnities, discretions or protections of the Trustee.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
14.3 
Substitution 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the ETP Securityholders, but subject to the prior consent of 
each Authorised Participant and the FCM, agree to the substitution, in place of the Issuer (or of any 
previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Security Documents, the other Programme 
Documents to which it is a party and the ETP Securities of each Series, of any other company 
(incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the "Substituted Obligor"), 
provided that: 
(A) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form 
and manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the relevant Programme 
Document(s) and the ETP Securities of each Series (with such consequential amendments 
as the Trustee may deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the 
relevant Programme Document(s) and the ETP Securities as the principal debtor in place 
of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the 
Secured Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the 
Security Documents and takes all such action as the Trustee may require so that the 
Security constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured 
Property as was originally created by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted 
Obligor; 
(C) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee need not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial 
condition, profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(D) 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (a) all 
necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in 
connection with the assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in 
respect of, and of its obligations under, the ETP Securities of each Series and any 
Programme Document have been obtained and (b) such approvals and consents are at the 
time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(E) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will execute and the Issuer shall procure that the 
FCM and any other Programme Party will execute such other deeds, documents and 
instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order that such substitution is fully 
effective and comply with such other requirements in the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders as the Trustee may direct; 
(F) 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the 
consent of the holders of the ETP Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to 
time governing such ETP Securities and/or the Supplemental Trust Deed and/or the 
Security Documents, provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would 
not be materially prejudicial to the interests of such ETP Securityholders; 
(G) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor comply with such other requirements as the Trustee 
may direct in the interests of the ETP Securityholders; and 
(H) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed 
substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 14.3 and the Security Documents will, if so 
expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under the 
Security Documents, the ETP Securities and the other relevant Programme Documents. The 
Substituted Obligor shall give notice of the substitution to the ETP Securityholders within 14 calendar 
days of the execution of such documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 14.3 and the Security Documents, the 
Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Security Documents, the 
other Programme Documents and the ETP Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(or of any previous substitute) and these Conditions, the Security Documents, the other Programme 
Documents and the ETP Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to 
the substitution. 
14.4 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions under 
the relevant Programme Documents, the Trustee will have regard solely to the interests of the ETP 
Securityholders as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual ETP Securityholders and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any ETP 
Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
Tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual ETP Securityholders.  
14.5 
Prohibition on U.S. persons 
ETP Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the right, at its option, 
to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of ETP Securities 
who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer of such ETP Securities to such legal or 
beneficial owner or to redeem any such ETP Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. 
Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by 
the Issuer selling such ETP Securities on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the 
purchase price therefor or the ETP Security Value prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. 
Terms used in this Condition 14.5 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
14.6 
ERISA prohibition 
ETP Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using the 
assets of, (a)(i) an "Employee Benefit Plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United States 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to which Section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") applies (a "Plan") or (iii) an 
entity whose constituent assets include "Plan Assets" (as determined pursuant to the "Plan Assets 
Regulation" issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit Plan’s or Plan’s 
investment in the entity or (b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is 
subject to any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions 
of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a "Similar Law") unless its acquisition and 
holding and disposition of such ETP Security, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute 
a violation of such Similar Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such 
transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of ETP Securities who contravenes such 
prohibition to void the transfer of such ETP Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem 
any such ETP Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the 
Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner or by the issuer selling such ETP 
Securities on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner at the lesser of the purchase price therefor or 
the ETP Security Value prevailing at the time such transfer is voided. Terms used in this Condition 
14.6 have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
15 
Issue of further Tranches and Series of ETP Securities 
15.1 
Further Tranches 
Subject to Condition 6, the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee or any 
ETP Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Authorised 
Participant Agreement(s), create and issue further securities either having the same terms and 
conditions as the ETP Securities in all respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the ETP Securities or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at 
the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to such securities.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the ETP 
Securities by delivering a valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue ETP Securities if: 
(A) 
a Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to be valid by or on 
behalf of the Issuer; 
(B) 
the acceptance of such Subscription Order will not cause any Subscription Limit for the ETP 
Securities or the LS FCM Agreement to be exceeded;  
(C) 
in connection with such issue of ETP Securities, the FCM agrees to any increase of the 
economic exposure under the LS FCM Agreement which is necessary to facilitate the issue of 
such ETP Securities; and 
(D) 
all conditions precedent to an issue of the ETP Securities are satisfied.  
The Issuer shall have no obligation to issue further ETP Securities and no obligation to accept any 
Subscription Orders from (but excluding) the fifth Valuation Date preceding the Final Redemption 
Date of the ETP Securities. 
The Issuer will not be obliged to accept any Subscription Order and/or issue ETP Securities if (i) a 
Subscription Suspension Event has occurred and is continuing, and/or (ii) a Mandatory Redemption 
Event has occurred and/or an FCM Event of Default has occurred and/or (iii) the FCM does not 
consent to any increase which the Issuer considers necessary under the LS FCM Agreement. If an 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice is delivered the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a 
valid Subscription Order shall be the fifth Exchange Business Day preceding the related Mandatory 
Redemption Date designated in such notice. If an Issuer Redemption Notice is delivered by the Issuer 
the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the fifth 
Exchange Business Day preceding the related Mandatory Redemption Valuation Date designated in 
such notice. If an FCM Account Termination Event is designated or occurs under the LS FCM 
Agreement, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be 
the date of the notice designating such event. If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs, the last day 
on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order shall be the date of the notice 
designating such event. 
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further ETP Securities at any time. If a Subscription 
Suspension Event occurs, the Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any Subscription Orders for the 
ETP Securities with effect from the date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the 
Determination Agent and the Authorised Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies 
such Programme Parties that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the ETP Securities. 
The effective date of any such suspension will be specified in the related notice and will be a day not 
earlier than the Valuation Date following the date of such notice. The Issuer shall give notice to ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16 of any such suspension as soon as reasonably 
practicable after giving any notice of suspension of subscriptions. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer but in 
respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date of the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, each such Subscription Order shall automatically be cancelled 
with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which is valid but in respect of which the ETP Securities are 
pending issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the Mandatory Redemption 
Date, the Final Redemption Date or the date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice 
(due to the Subscription Settlement Date not having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised 
Participant not having delivered in full the relevant subscription amount on a Subscription Settlement 
Date falling prior to such date, or otherwise), any such Subscription Order shall automatically be 
cancelled with effect from such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which the relevant 
Authorised Participant has not paid in full the related subscription amount a Mandatory Redemption 
Event occurs, the Final Redemption Date occurs or an Event of Default Redemption Notice is 
delivered, the ETP Securities issued on any such Subscription Settlement Date which are pending 
settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the 
date of the occurrence of such Mandatory Redemption Date, Final Redemption Date or date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable). ETP Securities requested for issue 
and subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such 
Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
In relation to any Subscription Order, in satisfaction of the relevant subscription amount, the Issuer 
may agree with the relevant Authorised Participant to accept the delivery to, or to the order of, the 
Issuer of Reference Assets which the Determination Agent determines have a value on the 
Subscription Settlement Date, after taking account of any costs of transfer or delivery which are to 
be discharged by the Issuer, which is equal to or greater than the subscription amount.  
Any new securities forming a single Series with the ETP Securities and which are expressed to be 
constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Documents will, upon the issue thereof by 
the Issuer, be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Documents without any 
further formality and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any 
covenant or other restriction in the Trust Deed or the Programme Maximum Number of ETP 
Securities and shall be secured by the Secured Property (as increased and/or supplemented in 
connection with such issue of such new securities) and references in these Conditions to "Secured 
Creditors", "Secured Property", "Secured Obligations" and "ETP Securities" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
16 
Notices 
16.1 
All notices to holders of ETP Securities shall be valid if they are: 
(1) 
published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the 
applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively 
presumed to have been received by the holders; and/or 
(2) 
published on the Issuer’s Website; 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided 
above. 
17 
Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or the FCMs will have any responsibility for the 
performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
18 
Consolidation and Division of ETP Securities 
The Issuer may at any time consolidate or divide all of the ETP Securities into ETP Securities of the 
same Series with a proportionately larger or smaller Principal Amount and ETP Security Value. Such 
consolidation or division shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Deed and 
the Trustee is hereby deemed to be authorised, directed and requested by 100 per cent of the ETP 
Securityholders to enter into such deed or supplement. Whenever as a result of consolidation or 
division of ETP Securities, an ETP Securityholder would become entitled to a fraction of an ETP 
Security, the Issuer will redeem such fractional ETP Security in full, as if a Mandatory Redemption 
Event had occurred in respect of such fractional ETP Security only, at its pro rata share of the 
Mandatory Redemption Amount.   
If the Issuer decides to consolidate or divide the ETP Securities, it shall notify the Trustee, the 
Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the ETP Securityholders of the same in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
19 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
19.1 Governing law 
The Trust Deed and the ETP Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Irish law. 
19.2 Jurisdiction 
The courts of Ireland are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or 
in connection with any ETP Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with any ETP Securities ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The 
Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to Proceedings 
in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in 
an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the benefit of each of the Trustee and the ETP 
Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by L S Limited under its Collateralised Exchange Traded Securities 
Programme  
 
 
[Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors: the ETP Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of:  
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2002/92/EC, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the ETP Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the ETP Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[The MIFID II product governance legends below are not applicable where a target market assessment is not 
being included, otherwise one of the following legends should be selected.] 
 [2[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the ETP Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the ETP Securities is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the ETP Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the ETP 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
3[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the ETP Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the ETP Securities is 
eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER 4 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
 
1 This legend is required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as being “Applicable” 
(See Part B, Paragraph 9). 
2 Include this legend if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
3 Include this legend if parties have agreed to a retail target market. This may be the case if (1) following the 
ICMA 2 retail approach which would only be the case in relation to a low denomination issue and for bonds 
which are not ESMA complex or certain ESMA complex bonds only (as explained in the ICMA 2 paper) (2) a 
more detailed bespoke target market assessment and review is intended or (3) an alternative proportionate 
approach is to be followed.  
4 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
services] 5 ] OR 6 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the ETP Securities to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the ETP Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the ETP 
Securities.] 
 
 
Final Terms dated: [ 
] 
L S Limited 
(a limited liability company incorporated in Jersey) 
LEI: 2138001ZTDGR9O183Q55 
Issue of 
[number] [Series] ETP Securities 
pursuant to the 
Collateralised Exchange Traded Securities Programme 
(the "ETP Securities") 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the ETP Securities described herein.  
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that any offer of ETP Securities in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State") will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of the ETP Securities. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in 
that Relevant Member State of the ETP Securities may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer or any dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of the ETP Securities in any other circumstances.7] 
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the basis 
that, except as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, any offer of ETP Securities in any Member State of the 
EEA (each, a "Relevant Member State")] will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the ETP Securities. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer of the ETP Securities may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in those EU Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in the following paragraph, provided such 
person is one of the persons mentioned in the following paragraph and that such offer is made during 
 
5 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of 
distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
6 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales 
are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, 
if the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need 
to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
7 Include this legend for an exempt offer in a Relevant Member State of ETP Securities with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 is anticipated.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein. 
An offer of the ETP Securities may be made by the Issuer or by the Authorised Participant [other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in [ ] ("EU Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions")] during 
the period of 12 months from the Base Prospectus Date (as defined below) (the "Offer Period"). 
The Issuer has not authorised, and does not authorise, the making of any offer of ETP Securities in any other 
circumstances.8] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the terms and conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 14 March 2025 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [ ]] (the "Base Prospectus" and the 
“Base Prospectus Date”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.] This document constitutes the Final Terms of the ETP Securities described herein and has been 
prepared for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus (and any supplement thereto). 
Full information on L S Limited (the "Issuer") and the offer of the ETP Securities is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus (together with any 
supplement 
thereto) 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://leverageshares.com/BaseProspectus.pdf. A summary of the ETP Securities to which these Final 
Terms relate is included as an Annex hereto. Terms used in these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in 
the Base Prospectus. 
[In the case of ETP Securities to be admitted to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange and/or publicly offered in 
Switzerland, insert: The Base Prospectus dated 14 March 2025 [and the supplement(s) dated [ ]] were filed 
with [SIX Exchange Regulation AG]/[•] as review body (the “Swiss Review Body”) pursuant to article 52 of 
the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the “FinSA”) for automatic recognition in 
accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA as a base prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA, 
and published in accordance with the FinSA. The Swiss Review Body has not reviewed or approved the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] or these Final Terms. These Final Terms will be filed with the Swiss Review 
Body and published in accordance with the FinSA.]9 
The particulars in relation to this issue of ETP Securities are as follows: [Include whichever of the following 
apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not 
Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
8 Include this legend for a non-exempt offer. 
9 To be confirmed by Swiss Listing Representative.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
1. 
Series of ETP Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
2. 
Tranche: 
[ 
] 
3. 
Number of ETP Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply: 
[ 
] 
4. 
Issue Date: 
[ 
] 
5. 
Series Issue Date: 
[insert date of issuance of the initial Tranche of the Series]
6. 
Issue Price: 
 [  ] per ETP Security 
7. 
Principal Amount: 
[ 
] per ETP Security 
8. 
Maximum number of ETP 
Securities of this Series which may 
be issued: 
[                     ] 
9. 
Minimum transferable number of 
ETP Securities: 
One 
10. 
Relevant Currency: 
[USD/EUR/GBP/CHF/HKD/JPY]  
11. 
Final Redemption Date: 
[             ]  
12. 
Denomination: 
[Principal Amount] 
13. 
Investment Objective: 
To pursue the [3x Long Bitcoin Investment Strategy]/[-3x 
Short Bitcoin Investment Strategy]/[3x Long Ethereum 
Investment Strategy]/[-3x Short Ethereum Investment 
Strategy] 
14. 
Rebalance Period: 
 Daily 
15. 
Form of ETP Securities: 
Uncertificated Registered Securities 
16. 
Portfolio Manager: 
[  ] 
17. 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
[   ] 
18.  Swiss Paying Agent: 
[  ]/NA 
19. 
Registrar: 
[   ] 
20. 
Determination Agent: 
[   ] 
21. 
Terms and Conditions which apply 
to this Series: 
 
[Terms and Conditions Version 1] 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms and has taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated therein are true and accurate in all material respects, and that 
there are no other facts the omission of which would make misleading any statement in this document, 
whether of facts or of opinion.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Application has been made for the Series of ETP Securities 
to which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the regulated market of the SIX Swiss Exchange]. 
 
[Application has been made for the Series of ETP Securities to 
which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the Italian Stock Exchange and/or SeDeX.]  
[Application has been made for the Series of ETP Securities to 
which these Final Terms apply to be admitted to trading and 
listing on Nasdaq Stockholm AB.] 
[   ] 
2. 
Swiss Listing Agent 
[In accordance with article 58a of the listing rules of the SIX 
Swiss Exchange, the Issuer has appointed Lenz & Staehelin, 
located at Route de Chêne 30, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland, as 
its representative to file the application with SIX Exchange 
Regulation AG in its capacity as competent authority for the 
admission to trading (including the provisional admission to 
trading) and listing of the ETP Securities on the SIX Swiss 
Exchange]/[N/A]10. 
 
3. 
Notification 
The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority has provided the 
competent authorities of Italy, Germany, France, Austria, 
Spain, Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Finland and Norway  
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
4. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the ETP Securities has an 
interest material to the offer] 
5. 
Distribution 
 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the ETP Securities may be 
made by the Authorised Offerors specified in Paragraph 
8 of Part B below other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of 
the Prospectus Regulation in Sweden, Italy, Germany, 
France, 
Austria, 
Spain, 
Netherlands, 
Belgium, 
Denmark, Finland and Norway ("EU Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions") during the Offer Period. See further 
Paragraph 7 of Part B below.]  
[N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled as to be able to make a non-
exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the prospectus 
(and any supplement) has been notified] 
 
10 Include in the case of Securities to be admitted to trading and listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
 
Additional 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[ 
] 
 
 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
7. 
Terms and Conditions of 
the Offer11 
 
 
 
Offer Price: 
Time period, including any 
possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open: 
 
[Issue Price][specify] 
12 months from the Base Prospectus Date 
 
 
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
[Not Applicable/[insert any applicable additional conditions to 
offer]/Offers of the ETP Securities are conditional upon their 
issue and, as between the Authorised Offeror(s) and their 
customers, any further conditions as may be agreed between 
them] 
 
 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Details of the method and 
time limited for paying up and 
delivering the ETP Securities:
[Not Applicable/The ETP Securities will be issued on the Issue 
Date against payment to the Issuer of the net subscription 
moneys] 
 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been reserved for certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable/Offers may be made by offerors authorised to 
do so by the Issuer in [   ] to any person [   ]. In other EEA 
 
11 Only applicable to non-exempt offers; otherwise this section 7 will be deleted.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
countries, offers will only be made pursuant to an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
 
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the 
offer takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
financial 
intermediary/ies 
authorised to use the Base 
Prospectus, as completed by 
these 
Final 
Terms 
(the 
"Authorised Offerors"): 
[Virtu Financial Ireland Limited] and each Authorised 
Participant expressly named as an Authorised Offeror on the 
Issuer’s website (www.leverageshares.com). 
  
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA  
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
8. 
Authorisation 
The issue of this [Series/Tranche] of ETP Securities was 
authorised by the Board of Directors on [    ].

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
ANNEX 1 – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue specific summary of the ETP Securities to be inserted if (i) the ETP Securities are to be listed on a 
regulated market in the EEA or (ii) publicly offered in a member state of the EEA]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
SETTLEMENT AND CLEARING OF ETP SECURITIES 
 
The settlement of transactions in the ETP Securities will take place within CREST, a paperless multicurrency 
electronic settlement procedure enabling securities (including debt securities) to be evidenced otherwise than 
by written instrument, and to be transferred electronically with effective delivery versus payment. 
ETP Securities will be cleared through CREST in whole numbers of ETP Securities only (for these purposes 
an ETP Security may be referred to as a unit by CREST).

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
SUMMARY OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
The following are summaries of certain provisions of the principal agreements entered into by the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme which are qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each 
such agreement. The following summaries do not purport to be complete, and prospective investors must 
refer to each programme document for detailed information regarding such agreement. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to such 
terms in the Conditions. 
Trust Deed 
The ETP Securities of each Series shall be constituted by the Trust Deed, which shall comprise the master 
trust deed dated on or about 14 March 2025 and made between the Issuer and the Trustee, as further 
amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time, (the "Master Trust Deed"), as 
supplemented and amended by a supplemental trust deed dated the Series Issue Date for that Series and 
made between the Issuer and the Trustee (the "Supplemental Trust Deed"). Each Trust Deed will be 
governed by Irish law.  
The relevant Trust Deed contains the provisions setting out the various obligations of the Issuer and the 
Trustee with respect to the relevant Series of ETP Securities, and will set out the covenants given by the 
Issuer in relation to such Series, including, without limitation, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its 
duty to provide various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do such 
things as are contemplated within the applicable Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue and 
performance of the ETP Securities) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the ETP Securities. 
Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in respect 
of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains provisions which are 
supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent of its 
duties.  
Any trustee in respect of a Series of ETP Securities may retire upon giving not less than 60 calendar days' 
prior written notice to the Issuer. Prior to enforcement of the Security for the Secured Obligations, the Issuer 
may terminate any trustee’s appointment upon giving not less than 60 calendar days’ prior written notice to 
the trustee. The ETP Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution remove any trustee. However, the 
retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not be effective until a trust corporation is appointed as 
successor trustee. If a sole trust corporation in respect of a Series of ETP Securities gives notice of retirement 
or the Issuer gives notice of termination of the trustee’s appointment or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed 
for its removal, the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation is 
appointed as the Trustee for such Series but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 60 calendar day 
notice period, the Trustee will have the power to appoint a new trustee. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed (and the other Security Documents), in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, the 
Secured Obligations of the Issuer relating to that Series shall be secured in favour of the Trustee, for its 
benefit and the benefit of the Secured Creditors, by the security over the Secured Property, as described in 
the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Security Arrangements". 
The Trust Deed is available on the Issuer’s website at www.leverageshares.com. 
The LS FCM Agreement 
On or about 14 March 2025 the Issuer entered into a New York law governed futures customer account 
agreement with Hidden Road Partners CIS US LLC (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time, the “HR FCM Agreement”).  
On 1 January 2025 the Issuer entered into a New York law governed client agreement and related and 
supplemental agreements with Interactive Brokers LLC (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or 
replaced from time to time, the “IB FCM Agreement”). 
The defined term “LS FCM Agreement” herein shall mean the HR FCM Agreement and/or the IB FCM 
Agreement and/or any other agreement entered into with an FCM, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
The Portfolio Manager has the discretion as to whether the HR FCM Agreement and/or the IB FCM 
Agreement shall apply with respect to a Series of ETP Securities. 
The FCM does not guarantee payment by the Issuer to the ETP Securityholders of amounts due in respect 
of the ETP Securities, and no ETP Securityholder will have any claim against any FCM in respect of amounts 
due in respect of any ETP Securities. 
FCM Security Agreement 
On or about 14 March 2025 the Issuer and Trustee entered into a New York law governed security agreement 
pursuant to which for each Series of ETP Securities the Issuer grants security interests in favour of the 
Trustee for its benefit and for the benefit of the Secured Creditors over the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and 
benefit under the HR FCM Agreement and the Issuer’s rights as against the FCM under the HR FCM 
Agreement to the extent that they relate to such Series of ETP Securities (the “HR FCM Security 
Agreement”). 
On or about 14 March 2025 the Issuer and Trustee entered into a New York law governed security agreement 
pursuant to which for each Series of ETP Securities the Issuer grants security interests in favour of the 
Trustee for its benefit and for the benefit of the Secured Creditors over the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and 
benefit under the IB FCM Agreement and the Issuer’s rights as against the FCM under the IB FCM Agreement 
to the extent that they relate to such Series of ETP Securities (the “IB FCM Security Agreement”). 
The “FCM Security Agreement” means the HR FCM Security Agreement and/or the IB FCM Security 
Agreement, as applicable to a Series of ETP Securities. 
Computershare Registry Services Agreement  
The Issuer, Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited and the Arranger have entered into an Irish 
law governed agency agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (the “Computershare Registry Services 
Agreement”).   
The Computershare Registry Services Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of Computershare 
Investor Services (Jersey) Limited  in its capacity as Issuing and Paying Agent and Registrar in relation to (i) 
the issue, payment, replacement and cancellation of the ETP Securities and (ii) the basis for the remuneration 
and indemnification of such agents in respect of their respective duties.  
The Computershare Registry Services Agreement may be terminated by either the Issuer or Computershare 
Investor Services (Jersey) Limited on not less than 90 days’ written notice. The Computershare Registry 
Services Agreement may also be terminated on written notice by either the Issuer or Computershare Investor 
Services (Jersey) Limited  if either party goes into insolvency or liquidation (not being a members' voluntary 
winding up) or administration or a receiver is appointed over any part of its undertaking or assets or it is 
unable to pay its debts. 
Administration Agreement 
The Issuer and the Administrator entered into a Jersey law governed administration agreement. The 
Administration Agreement contains the terms on which the Administrator is appointed to provide certain 
administration services to the Issuer. 
Determination Agency Agreement 
The Issuer, the Trustee, the Determination Agent, and the Arranger entered into an Irish law governed 
determination agency agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (the “Determination Agency 
Agreement”).  
The Determination Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligation of the Determination Agent in 
relation (i) to making such non-discretionary calculations and give such notices of the outcome thereof as 
expressly required to be performed by it under the Programme Documents, and (ii) as soon as practicable 
on each date on which or at such time at which the Determination Agent is expressly required under the 
Programme Documents to calculate any amount, price, rate or value to give any notice relating thereto, 
making such calculations and delivering such notices expressly required to be given by it (in its capacity as 
Determination Agent) in accordance with the Programme Documents and obtaining any quotation, rate or 
value required in connection therewith as soon as reasonably practicable or as otherwise specified in the

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Programme Documents.   
The Determination Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment and termination of the 
appointment of the Determination Agent i) by at least 60 days’ prior notice from the Issuer or the Determination 
Agent to each other party; ii) by any party giving prior written notice in writing to the other parties that such 
party has materially failed to perform its duties and obligations and has failed to remedy such failure within 
60 days of being so notified; iii) by any party giving 60 days prior notice in writing to the other parties prior to 
the “liquidation” of any one or more Series; or iv) immediately on the occurrence of certain events, such as 
where the Determination Agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, 
files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition for the benefit of its creditors, 
consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator or similar official or a resolution is passed for its 
winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution. 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into an Authorised Participant agreement with 
each Authorised Participant.  Such Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the terms on which the 
Authorised Participant will act as Authorised Participant in relation to each Series of ETP Securities issued 
by the Issuer under the Programme. 
Portfolio Management Agreement 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Portfolio Manager have entered into an Irish law governed portfolio 
management agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (the “Flexinvest Portfolio Management 
Agreement”). 
The Portfolio Manager has been appointed to invest the net proceeds of issuance of each Series and the 
proceeds from the issuance of a further Tranche of such Series in accordance with the Investment Strategy 
of such Series. 
Each of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Portfolio Manager may terminate the Flexinvest Portfolio Management 
Agreement in respect of one or more Series of ETP Securities by giving not less than ninety (90) calendar 
days written notice to the other parties thereto. 
 
Where Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement has been terminated, the Issuer will use reasonable 
endeavours to procure that a reputable portfolio manager enters into an agreement with the Issuer and the 
Trustee to replace the Portfolio Manager as provider of the services under the Flexinvest Portfolio 
Management Agreement. 
 
At any time prior to the occurrence of an FCM Event of Default, an FCM Account Termination Event or an 
Event of Default under the ETP Securities, the Portfolio Manager may novate, assign or otherwise transfer 
its obligations as Portfolio Manager under the Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement to one or more 
entities (the “Replacement Portfolio Manager”, provided that: 
 
(A) 
the Portfolio Manager and the Replacement Portfolio Manager enter into arrangements 
satisfactory to the Issuer (including, without limitation, the provision of such legal opinion 
as the Issuer may require); 
 
(B) 
following   such   transfer   the   portfolio   management   agreement   with   the Replacement 
Portfolio Manager is subject to security arrangements on the same terms mutatis mutandis 
as the Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement prior to such transfer and shall form 
part of the Secured Property; 
 
(C) 
not less than 10 calendar days’ prior notice of any such transfer is given to ETP 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 16; and 
 
(D) 
the Replacement Portfolio Manager is deemed, on the date of the novation, assignment or 
transfer, to assume all the obligations of the Portfolio Manager to the Issuer and the Trustee 
under the Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement, and to give to the Issuer and the 
Trustee all the representations, warranties and undertakings given by the Portfolio 
Manager under the Flexinvest Portfolio Management Agreement.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Services Agreement 
The Issuer and Leverage Shares Management Company Limited (the “Arranger”) have entered into an Irish 
law governed services agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025 (the “Services Agreement”) pursuant 
to which the Issuer has engaged the Arranger to provide certain management, administration and 
arrangement services on its behalf. 
In consideration of the Issuer establishing the Programme and issuing Series of ETP Securities from time to 
time, the Arranger has agreed to pay, as they become payable and in any event promptly following a request 
by the Issuer, all fees, costs and expenses incurred  by the Issuer or the Arranger in  relation to  the 
Programme and the ETP Securities including the remuneration and expenses of the Issuing  and Paying  
Agent, the Determination Agent, the Portfolio Manager, the Trustee,  any  Paying  Agents,  the  Registrar, 
any costs of listing and admission to trading of the Programme and/or each Series  of ETP Securities, and 
other costs and expenses payable in relation to the Programme and the  ETP  Securities, in  each case other 
than the (a) Arranger Fee; (b) amounts payable to the FCM; (c) Funding and Brokerage Fees (where 
relevant); (d) any taxes, fees and other amounts payable to the relevant authorities;(e) the costs and 
expenses incurred in connection with the liquidation of the Collateral Assets; (f) any amount due or payable 
by way of principal, interest, premium or otherwise to any person under, pursuant to or in respect of any ETP 
Security; and (g) any indemnity or equivalent payments which the Issuer may be required to make to any 
party from time to time.  
Broker Dealer of Record Agreement 
The Issuer and the Broker Dealer of Record have entered into an Irish law governed broker dealer of record 
agreement dated on or about 14 March 2025  (the “Broker Dealer of Record Agreement”) pursuant to which 
the Broker Dealer of Record has been appointed to provide certain broker dealer related services and support 
for the Issuer. 
Under the terms of the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement, the Broker Dealer of Record agrees to indemnify 
the Issuer against any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense which the Issuer may incur as a 
result of any claim against the Issuer by the FCM. Such indemnity is limited to the lower of the value of 5% 
of the Collateral Assets of the Largest Series or $20 million. The Largest Series means any Series of ETP 
Securities, the Collateral Assets of which has the highest value of all Series of ETP Securities in issue at any 
time. 
The Broker Dealer of Record may resign its appointment under the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement by 
giving not less than 60 day’s prior written notice to the Issuer.  The Issuer may terminate the Broker Dealer 
of Record Agreement by giving not less than 30 days’ prior written notice to the Broker Dealer of Record.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of issuance of each Series of ETP Securities on the Issue Date of such Series, or from the 
issuance of a further Tranche of any Series, will be paid to the FCM, on behalf of the Issuer, and will be used 
to fund the related FCM Account(s) as may be required to maintain positions in the Reference Assets in order 
to pursue the Investment Strategy referenced by such Series.  Cash balances will be held in the FCM Account 
or in a Cash Account.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 
The Issuer may from time to time issue ETP Securities which are linked to the performance of Investment Strategies other than those listed below. In such circumstances, 
the Issuer shall prepare an updated Base Prospectus, or where permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus, as further 
described in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Supplements”. 
 
LEVERAGED EXPOSURE AND SHORT EXPOSURE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 
 
The Issuer may issue Series of ETP Securities which employ the investment strategies listed below (the “Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategies”).  
The Underlying Asset of each of the Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategies is set out in the table below. 
 
The investment objective of each Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategy is to aim to provide the Leveraged Exposures or Short Exposures, as determined 
by the applicable Leverage Factor, to the Underlying Asset by investing in the corresponding futures contracts listed below. 
 
The Portfolio Manager will aim to rebalance the exposure of these ETP Securities to the Underlying Asset at the end of the Rebalance Period set out in the relevant Final 
Terms to maintain their stated Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure, as the case may be, constant at the beginning of each Rebalance Period by reference to the 
applicable Leverage Factor.  
 
Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment Strategies will be subject to an Unscheduled Rebalance when the price of their respective Reference Assets increase (in the 
case of Short Exposures) or decrease (in the case of Leveraged Exposures) by more than the “Unscheduled Rebalance trigger” with respect to their closing prices on the 
previous trading day during the regular trading session. Such adjustment seeks to protect the holder of ETP Securities pursuing Leveraged and Short Exposure Investment 
Strategies from suffering a complete loss in the event of extreme market movements by crystallising the losses incurred up to that point. The ”Unscheduled Rebalance 
trigger” along with technical details in relation to how an Unscheduled Rebalance will be conducted (the “Unscheduled Rebalance Specifications”) will be available on 
the Issuer’s website. 
 
The Issuer will aim to rebalance the ETP Security shortly after the Unscheduled Rebalance is triggered by following the mechanics set out in the Unscheduled Rebalance 
Specifications by (i) using as a reference price the price published on exchange for the relevant Reference Assets when the Unscheduled Rebalance trigger is reached 
(the “Trigger Price”) and (ii) trading the Reference Assets in such amounts as may be required over the timeframes set out in the Unscheduled Rebalance Specifications 
so that, following the end of such rebalancing period, the ETP Securities offer their stated Leveraged Exposure or Short Exposure to the Reference Asset by reference to 
the Trigger Price. After the Unscheduled Rebalance is completed, the Issuer will publish the resulting price, which will become the reference ETP Security Value for the 
rebalance of the ETP Security at the end of the relevant Rebalance Period. 
 
At the end of each Rebalance Period, the Portfolio Manager will aim to reconstitute each FCM Account in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement to 
ensure leverage levels are in line with the relevant Investment Strategy. This will be achieved by buying or selling futures contracts, as the case may be. To maintain 
positions in the futures contracts (long for Leveraged Exposures and short for Short Exposures), the Portfolio Manager will ‘roll’ such positions from the expiring contract 
(the “Lead Contract”) to a new futures contract farther down the futures curve with a longer expiry date (the “Next Contract”). The Portfolio Manager will aim to roll 
Lead Contracts to Next Contracts typically on the last Friday before the expiry week of the Lead Contract (the “Target Roll Day”). However, the Portfolio Manager will

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
retain discretion to roll over a period around the Target Roll Day if the number, value and liquidity of the futures contracts referenced by the relevant Leveraged and 
Short Exposure Investment Strategies, as determined by the Portfolio Manager, make it advisable. 
 
Fees 
 
The fees applicable to the Leveraged Exposure and Short Exposure Investment Strategies are as follows: (1) the arranger fee, which is charged daily at the per annum 
rate set out in the table below on the ETP Security Value of the ETP Securities held by an ETP Securityholder (the “Arranger Fee”); and (2) any applicable Funding and 
Brokerage fees, which will be published on the Issuer’s Website.    
 
The ETP Security Value may include a return on the fully collateralised cash position. If such return on collateral is to be paid it will be calculated by the Determination 
Agent and published on the Issuer’s website. Investors should note that such daily return on collateral is subject to change. 
 
 
 
Name of Investment Strategy 
Reference Asset 
Underlying Asset 
Leverage Factor 
Arranger Fee  
3x Long Bitcoin Investment Strategy 
 
Bitcoin Futures Contracts  
Bitcoin 
3x 
2% 
-3x Short Bitcoin Investment Strategy 
 
Bitcoin Futures Contracts 
Bitcoin 
-3x 
2% 
 
3x Long Ethereum Investment Strategy 
 
Ethereum 
Futures 
Contracts 
Ethereum 
3x 
2% 
-3x Short Ethereum Investment Strategy 
 
Ethereum 
Futures 
Contracts  
Ethereum 
-3x 
2% 
 
Bitcoin Futures Contracts 
Futures Contract 
Exchange 
Link to Contract Specifications 
Settlement 
Method 
Contract Size 
Bitcoin Futures 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/cryptocurrencies/bitcoin/bitcoin.contractSpecs.html 
Financial (cash) 
5 bitcoin 
Micro Bitcoin Futures 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/cryptocurrencies/bitcoin/micro-
bitcoin.contractSpecs.html  
Financial (cash) 
0.10 bitcoin 
 
 
 
Ethereum Futures Contracts 
Futures Contract 
Exchange 
Link to Contract Specifications 
Settlement 
Method 
Contract Size 
Ether Futures 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/cryptocurrencies/ether/ether.contractSpecs.html  
Financial (cash) 
50 ether

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Micro Ether Futures 
CME 
https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/cryptocurrencies/ether/micro-ether.html  
Financial (cash) 
0.1 ether 
 
 
The final settlement price of the futures contracts is the relevant CME CF Reference Rate published at 4 p.m. London time on the last trade date of the contract, as further 
described in the above links to the futures contract specifications. The CME CF Reference Rates aggregate trade flow of major cryptocurrency spot exchanges during 
specific calculation windows into a once-a-day reference rate of the U.S. dollar price of the respective Underlying Asset. The detailed methodology of the CME CF Bitcoin 
and Ethereum Reference Rates and their prices are published by the CME at: https://www.cmegroup.com/markets/cryptocurrencies/cme-cf-cryptocurrency-
benchmarks.html?redirect=/trading/cryptocurrency-indices/cf-bitcoin-reference-rate.html.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
MHC-36275213-2 
SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
 
The following description of the security arrangements relating to the Programme consists of a summary of 
certain provisions of the Trust Deed and FCM Security Agreement relating to a Series of ETP Securities, and 
is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of each such Trust Deed. The following 
summary does not purport to be complete, and prospective investors in ETP Securities of a Series must refer 
to the Trust Deed in respect of that Series for detailed information regarding such documents.  
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the ETP Securities of each Series are secured by the Security created 
by the Security Documents relating to such Series as described below.  Additional Security Documents may 
be entered into in respect of particular Series if required by the Trustee 
The Security created in respect of a Series of ETP Securities is granted to the Trustee for its benefit and the 
benefit of the Secured Creditors as continuing security for the Secured Obligations.  
Trust Deed 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities, the Secured Obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of that Series of ETP Securities shall be secured in favour of the Trustee, for its benefit and for the 
benefit of the Secured Creditors, by: 
(A) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and 
future in, to and under the Irish Law Programme Documents to the extent that they relate to such 
Series of ETP Securities;  
(B) 
a first fixed charge over all sums held now or in the future, by or on behalf of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Registrar) to meet payments due in 
respect of the obligations and duties of the Issuer under the Security Documents and the ETP 
Securities to the extent that such sums relate to such Series of ETP Securities; and 
(C) 
a first priority security interest over all of the Jersey Collateral (for the avoidance of doubt including 
any after-acquired property) pursuant to and in accordance with the Jersey Security Law to the extent 
that such Jersey Collateral relates to such Series of ETP Securities,  
in each case in favour of the Trustee (with full right of substitution) for its benefit and for the benefit of the 
Secured Creditors in respect of such Securities. In the event of any conflict between the security described 
in paragraphs (A) and (B) and the security described in paragraph (C), the security described in paragraph 
(C) shall have priority.   
FCM Security Agreement 
On or about 14 March 2025 the Issuer and the Trustee entered into a New York law governed security 
agreement (the “IB FCM Security Agreement”), pursuant to which the Secured Obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of each Series shall be secured by: 
(i) 
assigning to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the IB FCM Agreement to the extent that they relate such 
Series; and 
 
(ii) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
rights as against the FCM under the IB FCM Agreement in respect of any sum or property now 
or in the future standing to the credit of the FCM Account and Cash Account and any other 
account of the Issuer with the FCM to the extent that they relate such Series; and  
(iii) granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the Collateral Assets held in the FCM 
Account and the Cash Account to the extent that they relate to such Series. 
On or about 14 March 2025 the Issuer and the Trustee have entered into or will enter into a New York law 
governed security agreement (the “HR FCM Security Agreement”), pursuant to which the Secured 
Obligations of the Issuer in respect of each Series shall be secured by:

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
(i) 
assigning to the Trustee by way of security all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit 
present and future in, to and under the HR FCM Agreement to the extent that they relate to 
such Series; and 
 
(ii) 
granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
rights as against the FCM under the HR FCM Agreement in respect of any sum or property 
now or in the future standing to the credit of the FCM Account and Cash Account and any other 
account of the Issuer with the FCM to the extent that they relate to such Series; and  
 
(iii)    granting a continuing lien on and security interest in favour of the Trustee in all of the Issuer’s 
present and future right, title and interest in and to all of the Collateral Assets held in the FCM 
Account and Cash Account to the extent that they relate to such Series. 
 
The defined term “FCM Security Agreement” means the IB FCM Security Agreement and/or the HR FCM 
Security Agreement any other security agreement entered into with respect to an LS FCM Agreement, as 
applicable to a Series of ETP Securities. 
In the event of any conflict between the security created pursuant to the Trust Deed and the security created 
pursuant to the FCM Security Agreement, the security created pursuant to the FCM Security Agreement shall 
have priority. 
Enforcement of Security 
The Security constituted by the Security Documents in respect of a Series of ETP Securities will become 
enforceable if an Event of Default occurs with respect to such ETP Securities. The proceeds of such 
enforcement will be applied in accordance with the order of priority set out in Condition 6.5 of the ETP 
Securities. 
Subordination  
The Security created in favour of the Trustee for its benefit and the benefit of the Secured Creditors will be 
subordinated to a first ranking security interest created by the Issuer in favour of the FCM as security for the 
Issuer’s obligations under the FCM Agreement.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
THE ISSUER 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of this Base Prospectus headed 
"The Issuer". No other Programme Party has verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, 
such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own 
independent investigations and enquiries into the Issuer. 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated as L S Limited on 13 July 2022 under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as 
amended) with registered number 144329. 
The Issuer has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing collateralised 
exchange traded securities. The registered office of the Issuer is 2nd Floor, Gaspe House, 66-72 Esplanade, 
Jersey JE1 GH. The telephone number of the Issuer is + 44 1534 714500.  The Issuer’s LEI number is 
2138001ZTDGR9O183Q55. 
The Issuer’s website is available at www.leverageshares.com. The information on the website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital and Shareholders 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is GBP 10,000 divided into 10,000 ordinary shares of GBP 1.00 
each (the "Shares") of which 1 share is issued and paid up to the amount of GBP 1.00 and is directly or 
indirectly held by IQ-EQ Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, with its registered office at 2nd Floor, Gaspe House, 
66-72 Esplanade, St Helier JE1 1GH, Jersey and company number 65587 (the "Share Trustee") under the 
terms of a declaration of trust (the "Declaration of Trust") dated 26 August 2022 under which the Share 
Trustee holds the benefit of the Shares on trust for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has no beneficial 
interest in and derives no benefit (other than its fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the 
Shares. The Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since its 
incorporation. Save for the issues of ETP Securities and their related arrangements contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowing and no contingent 
liabilities or guarantees.  
Business 
A Jersey company has unlimited corporate capacity and accordingly no defined objects are set out in the 
Issuer's memorandum of association limiting its powers or activities which could render any of its activities 
ultra vires. The business activities in which the Issuer may engage are limited by the Master Trust Deed. 
The Master Trust Deed contains restrictions on the activities in which the Issuer may engage. Pursuant to 
these restrictions, the business of the Issuer is limited to acquiring and holding Collateral Assets, issuing ETP 
Securities up to a maximum number of ETP Securities outstanding equal to 1,000,000,000, entering into the 
Programme Documents and performing its obligations and exercising its rights thereunder and entering into 
other related transactions, and issuing unsecured debt securities, and disbursing loans, as contemplated by 
Condition 7(A)(6) of the ETP Securities. 
The assets of the Issuer will consist of the Collateral Assets and the issued and paid-up capital of the Issuer 
and fees. The only assets of the Issuer available to meet claims of ETP Securityholders and other secured 
creditors are the assets comprised in the relevant collection of benefits, rights and other assets comprising 
the security for the relevant Series of ETP Securities. 
The Issuer will be paid a fee for agreeing to issue the relevant ETP Securities. Other than the fees paid to 
the Issuer, its share capital and any income derived therefrom, there is no intention that the Issuer 
accumulates surpluses. The ETP Securities of each Series are direct, limited recourse obligations (with the 
exception of the Issuer’s obligations under the LS FCM Agreement) of the Issuer alone and not of the 
shareholders of the Issuer, the Trustee, any officers, members, directors, employees, ETP Securityholders 
or any obligor in respect of any Collateral Assets. Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in 
any way by, any of the Authorised Participants or their respective successors or assigns.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer and their respective principal occupations are: 
Name  
 
 
Occupation 
 
Neil Fleming 
 
 
Company Director and Chartered Accountant  
Stuart Pinnington 
 
Head of Alternative Assets, IQ EQ Group 
Suzanne Howe  
 
Director, Funds and Institutional,  IQ EQ Group 
The business address of the Directors is at 2nd Floor, Gaspé House, 66-72 Esplanade, St. Helier, JE1 1GH. 
IQ EQ Fund Services (Jersey) Limited of 2nd Floor, Gaspé House, 66-72 Esplanade, St. Helier, JE1 1GH, 
Jersey, a trust company business regulated in Jersey, is the company secretary and corporate administrator 
of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of certain administrative and related services to the Issuer 
including acting as company secretary. 
There are no conflicts of interest for Stuart Pinnington and Suzanne Howe in respect of their duties to the 
Issuer and their private interest and/or other duties. 
There are no conflicts of interest for Neil Fleming in respect of his duties to the Issuer and his private interests 
and/or other duties.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus Neil Fleming is also a director of the Arranger. 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer intends to publish audited financial statements on an annual basis. The financial year of the Issuer 
will end on 31 December in each year. The Issuer is not required to and does not prepare interim financial 
statements. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has been dormant and has not traded. In order to comply 
with applicable Jersey law the Issuer has prepared unaudited dormant financial statements from the date of 
its incorporation on 13 July 2022 to 31 December 2023 which can be viewed on the Issuer’s Website. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Baker Tilly Channel Islands Limited of 2nd Floor LimeGrove House, Green 
Street, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 4UB  who are chartered accountants qualified to practise in Jersey. 
Any published audited financial statements prepared by the Issuer (which will, in each case, be in respect of 
the period ending on 31 December of the relevant year) will be available from the registered office of the 
Issuer. 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the unaudited capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Shareholders’ Funds: 
GBP  
Share Capital: 
Authorised: GBP 10,000; Issued: 1 Ordinary Share of GBP 1.00 each. 
Total Capitalisation: 
GBP 1.00

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
THE ARRANGER 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Arranger" has been obtained 
from Leverage Shares Management Company Limited. Such information has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by Leverage Shares 
Management Company Limited, no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has 
been no change in the affairs of Leverage Shares Management Company Limited since the date hereof, or 
that the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
In addition to the Issuer, Leverage Shares Management Company Limited accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Arranger". No other Programme 
Party verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors 
contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and 
enquiries into Leverage Shares Management Company Limited. 
General 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited was incorporated in Ireland on 11 January 2017 as a private 
company limited by shares and is validly existing under the Companies Act 2014 (with registered number 
596207).    
The Arranger has not been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purposes of issuing asset-backed 
securities. The Arranger is incorporated and registered in Ireland.   
The registered office of the Arranger is 116 Mount Prospect Avenue, Clontarf, Dublin 3, Ireland.  
The objects of the Arranger are unrestricted. 
Management 
The Directors of the Arranger are: 
 
Neil Fleming 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jose Gonzalez  
John Dunphy 
 
 
The business address of each of the Directors is at 116 Mount Prospect Avenue, Clontarf, Dublin 3, Ireland 
The secretary of the Arranger is Boru Capital Limited, 116 Mount Prospect Avenue, Clontarf, Dublin 3, Ireland. 
The sole shareholder of the Arranger is Leverage Shares LLC, which is controlled by Jose Gonzalez, who is 
the majority owner of the parent company of Leverage Shares LLC.  Mr. Gonzalez is also the sole shareholder 
of the Brokers Dealer of Record, the Determination Agent and the Portfolio Manager. 
 
Business 
The principal activity of the Arranger is the provision of administrative and arranger services to the Issuer. 
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of the Arranger.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
THE FUTURES CLEARING MERCHANT 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Futures Clearing Merchant” has 
been obtained from the relevant FCM. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the 
Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by the FCM, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the FCM since the date hereof, or that 
the information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility only for the information contained below. No other Programme Party 
verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating 
purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into 
the FCM.  
The Issuer may enter into agreements with additional futures clearing merchants. Information in relation to 
such other agreements will be published in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Hidden Road Partners CIS US LLC 
Hidden Road Partners CIV US LLC (“Hidden Road”) is located at 10 East 40th St, New York, NY 10016, 
USA. Hidden Road offers clearing and prime brokerage services for institutional customers including 
corporates, financial institutions, hedge funds, asset managers, proprietary trading firms and market makers. 
Hidden Road is a registered US futures commission merchant regulated by the CFTC. 
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of Hidden Road. 
Hidden Road has been appointed as FCM with respect to each Series of ETP Securities. The Portfolio 
Manager has the discretion as to whether Hidden Road and/or IB LLC may be used as an FCM with respect 
to any Series of ETP Securities. 
Further information on Hidden Road can be found at: https://hiddenroad.com//. 
Interactive Brokers LLC  
Interactive Brokers LLC (“IBLLC”) is headquartered at One Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830, USA. 
IBLLC is a member of the New York Stock Exchange, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and is 
regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the CFTC. IBLLC is rated investment grade 
by Standard & Poor’s. 
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of IBLLC. 
IBLLC has been appointed as FCM with respect to each Series of ETP Securities.  The Portfolio Manager 
has the discretion as to whether IBLLC and/or Hidden Road may be used as an FCM with respect to any 
Series of ETP Securities.  
Further information on IBLLC can be found at: 
 https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/home.php

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
THE DETERMINATION AGENT 
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Determination Agent" has been 
obtained from Calculation Agent Services LLC. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far 
as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by Calculation Agent Services LLC, 
no facts have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery 
of this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
Calculation Agent Services LLC since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this 
section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
Calculation Agent Services LLC accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section of this 
Base Prospectus headed "The Determination Agent". No other Programme Party verified, or accepts any 
liability whatsoever for the accuracy of such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the 
ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into Calculation Agent 
Services LLC, as applicable. 
Calculation Agent Services LLC is a limited liability company incorporated in the State of Delaware, USA on 
8 October 2018, with its principal place of business at 34 E Putnam Avenue, Suite 112, Greenwich, CT 06830.  
The ETP Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of Calculation Agent Services LLC. 
Jose Gonzalez is a director of the Arranger and the ultimate majority owner of the Arranger. Mr. Gonzalez is 
also the sole shareholder of GWM Limited who acts as the Broker Dealer of Record and Flexinvest Limited 
who acts as Portfolio Manager.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
BROKER DEALER OF RECORD 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Broker Dealer " has been obtained 
from GWM Limited. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and 
able to ascertain from information published by GWM Limited, no facts have been omitted that would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of GWM Limited since the date hereof, or that the 
information contained or referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
GWM Limited accepts responsibility for the information in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The 
Broker Dealer of Record". No other Programme Party verified, or accepts any liability whatsoever for the 
accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the ETP Securities should make 
their own independent investigations and enquiries into GWM Limited. 
GWM Limited was incorporated under the laws of Bermuda on December 9, 2014. 
GWM Limited obtained an Investment Business License pursuant to Section 17 of the Investment Act 2003 
from the Bermuda Monetary Authority on May 6, 2015. GWM Limited commenced operations on May 6, 2015. 
The registered office of GWM Limited is located at Sofia House, 3rd Floor, 48 Church Street, Hamilton, HM 
12, Bermuda. The powers and duties of GWM Limited are governed by the Investment Business Act 2003. 
GWM Limited is also subject to an externally imposed regulatory capital adequacy requirement by the 
Bermuda Monetary Authority and is required to maintain minimum net assets (excluding claims on connected 
entities) of $100,000. 
GWM Limited’s principal activity is to act as a broker/dealer in securities. GWM Limited also provides custody 
portfolio administration, advisory, trading and prime broker services to institutional and high net worth 
individuals.   
Jose Gonzalez is a director of the Arranger and the ultimate majority owner of the Arranger. Mr. Gonzalez is 
also the sole shareholder of GWM Limited, Calculation Agent Services LLC, who acts as Determination Agent 
and Flexinvest Limited, who acts as Portfolio Manager.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
PORTFOLIO MANAGER 
 
The information set out in this section of this Base Prospectus headed "The Portfolio Manager" has 
been obtained from Flexinvest Limited. Such information has been accurately reproduced and, as far 
as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from information published by Flexinvest Limited, no facts 
have been omitted that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Delivery of 
this Base Prospectus shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of 
Flexinvest Limited since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section 
is correct as of any time subsequent to its date. 
Flexinvest Limited accepts responsibility for the information in this section of this Base Prospectus 
headed "The Portfolio Manager". No other Programme Party verified, or accepts any liability 
whatsoever for the accuracy of, such information and investors contemplating purchasing any of the 
ETP Securities should make their own independent investigations and enquiries into Flexinvest 
Limited. 
Flexinvest Limited was incorporated under the laws of New Zealand on 20 January 2025. 
Flexinvest Limited obtained a registration as a financial services provider from the Financial Markets 
Authority of New Zealand on 18 February 2025. Flexinvest Limited’s FSP registration number is 
FSP1009135. The registered office of Flexinvest Limited is located at Suite B, Unit D, Building 3, 331 
Rosedale Road, Albany, Auckland, 0632, New Zealand. 
The powers and duties of Flexinvest Limited are governed by the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, 
as amended by the Financial Services Legislation Amendment Act 2019. Flexinvest Limited is also 
subject to a Code of Professional Conduct for financial advice services. 
Flexinvest Limited’s principal activity is to act as a financial advice provider and broker/dealer. 
Mr. Gonzalez is the sole shareholder of Flexinvest Limited. Mr. Gonzalez is also a director of the 
Arranger and the ultimate majority owner of the Arranger. Mr Gonzalez is also the sole shareholder of 
GWM Limited who acts as Broker Dealer of Record and Calculation Agent Services LLC, who acts as 
Determination Agent.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
  
JERSEY TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The discussion below is based on laws, regulations, rulings and decisions (and interpretations thereof) 
currently in effect with respect to Jersey withholding tax, all of which are subject to change. Any such change 
may have retroactive effect. The discussion is intended for general information only, and does not purport to 
be a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase 
the ETP Securities.  
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of the ETP 
Securities, and/or receipt of payments under ETP Securities may result in tax consequences to any 
investor, which may arise in, but are not limited to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the jurisdiction of 
residence, domicile, citizenship or incorporation of the relevant investor. Prospective investors 
should consult their own professional advisers concerning such possible tax consequences.  
Income Tax 
The directors of the Issuer intend to manage and conduct its affairs in such a way that the Issuer is tax 
resident in Jersey.  As such, under Article 123C of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended, and on 
the basis that the Issuer is solely tax resident in Jersey, the Issuer (being neither a financial services company 
nor a specified utility company, each as defined in the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961), will be subject to 
Jersey income tax at the rate of zero per cent on its non-Jersey source income and, by statutory concession, 
bank interest arising in Jersey. 
ETP Securityholders other than residents of Jersey should not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the 
holding, sale or redemption of ETP Securities. Redemption payments (other than redemption payments paid 
to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on account of Jersey tax. 
Goods and Services Tax 
The Issuer is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 
2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Issuer is not required to: (a) register as a taxable person pursuant 
to the GST Law; (b) charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or (c) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Issuer) pay goods and services tax in 
Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
Stamp Duty 
No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, redemption or sale of ETP Securities. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Jersey has signed an inter-governmental agreement to improve international tax compliance and the 
exchange of information with the United States (the "Jersey IGA").  Under the provisions of the Jersey IGA 
a reporting financial institution in Jersey would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA from 
payments that it makes unless the IRS has specifically listed the Issuer as a non-participating financial 
institution, the Issuer has otherwise assumed responsibility for withholding under U.S. tax law, or the Issuer 
cannot comply with FATCA as a result of factors outside of its control. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and the Jersey IGA to instruments such as the 
ETP Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the ETP Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
In the event that any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on the ETP Securities, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the ETP Securities. 
OECD Common Reporting Standard 
Jersey has signed, along with a substantial number of other countries, a multilateral competent authority

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
agreement to implement the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") Standard 
for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information – Common Reporting Standard ("CRS”), which 
requires "Financial Institutions" such as the Issuer, to identify and report information in respect of, specified 
persons in the jurisdictions which sign and implement the CRS and to adopt and implement written policies 
and procedures setting out how it will address its obligations under the CRS. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the ETP Securities. 
Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
Jersey regulations have been issued to give effect to the Jersey IGA and CRS (collectively, the "Jersey AEOI 
Regulations"). The Jersey government has issued guidance notes in respect of the CRS in Jersey which are 
supplementary to the core guidance issued by the OECD.  There are also separate guidance notes in respect 
of the Jersey IGA. 
All Jersey "Financial Institutions" are required to comply with the registration, due diligence and reporting 
requirements of the Jersey AEOI Regulations, unless they are able to rely on an exemption that allows them 
to become a "Non-Reporting Financial Institution' (as defined in the relevant Jersey AEOI Regulations) with 
respect to one or more of the Jersey IGA and CRS regimes. 
The Jersey AEOI Regulations require that Reporting Financial Institutions, amongst other things (i) register 
with the IRS to obtain a Global Intermediary Identification Number (in the context of the Jersey IGA only), (ii) 
register with, and notify, the Comptroller of Revenue in Jersey of Issuer's status as a "Reporting Financial 
Institution," (iii) conduct due diligence on its accounts to identify whether any such accounts are considered 
"Reportable Accounts" and (iv) report information on such Reportable Accounts to the Comptroller of 
Revenue in Jersey. The Comptroller of Revenue in Jersey will transmit the information reported to it to the 
overseas fiscal authority relevant to a reportable account (i.e. the IRS in the case of a U.S. Reportable 
Account) annually on an automatic basis.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
SWISS TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) ETP Securities issued 
by the Issuer where the holder is a tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) ETP 
Securities where the Paying Agent, custodian or securities dealer is located in Switzerland. The discussion is 
based on legislation as of the date of this Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all 
the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in ETP Securities. The tax treatment 
for each investor depends on the particular situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional 
tax advisers as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, 
exercise or redemption of ETP Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
Swiss withholding tax 
Payments on ETP Securities are currently not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax provided that the Issuer 
is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Income taxation 
ETP Securities held as private assets by a Swiss resident individual 
Structured notes  
If an ETP Security classifies as a structured note (i.e. a bond with an embedded derivative elements), its 
income taxation depends on whether the bond and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein 
are recorded separately from each other and whether the ETP Security is classified as a structured note with 
or without a predominant one-time interest payment (a structured note is classified as a note with a 
predominant one-time interest payment if the one-time interest payment exceeds the sum of the periodic 
interest payments): 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded separately from the 
embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the ETP Security is classified as a non-transparent structured 
note and any return over the initial investment is classified as a taxable interest payment. Non-transparent 
derivative financial instruments generally include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in 
accordance with the principles set forth below under "Income taxation—Transparent derivative financial 
instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment". 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond and the incomes derived therefrom are recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) component and incomes, and the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic 
interest payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium (see below "Income transaction—Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant 
one-time interest payment"), then any such periodic interest payment and the non-predominant one-time 
interest payment, if any, converted in each case into Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time 
of payment, is taxed when paid to the holder of the ETP Security. A gain, including interest accrued, a loss, 
respectively, realised on the sale of an ETP Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible 
private capital loss, respectively (see below "Capital gains taxation—ETP Securities held as private assets by 
a Swiss resident individual"). The same applies if the ETP Security is redeemed except that interest accrued 
is taxed when paid. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the embedded 
bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity 
predominantly derives from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium and not from periodic interest payments, then any periodic interest payments and, on the sale or 
redemption of the ETP Security, the difference between the value of the bond at redemption or sale, as 
applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted, in each case, 
into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of redemption or sale, issuance or purchase, 
respectively (modified differential taxation method) constitutes taxable income. A value decrease on the 
bond respectively realised on the sale or redemption of the ETP Security may be offset against any gains 
(including periodic interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from all instruments with a

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
predominant one-time interest payment. Any residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital 
loss, respectively (see below "Capital gains taxation—ETP Securities held as private assets by a Swiss 
resident individual"). 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If an ETP Security is classified as a pure bond without 
a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time-interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-time interest payments, 
if any, converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment. A gain, including 
interest accrued, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale of an ETP Security is a tax-free private capital gain, 
a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, respectively (see below "Capital gains taxation—ETP Securities held 
as private assets by a Swiss resident individual"). 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If an ETP Security is classified as a pure bond with a 
predominant one-time interest payment (i.e. the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time-
interest-payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest 
payments), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any periodic interest payments and on any gains, 
including capital and foreign exchange gains, realised on the ETP Securities (differential taxation method). 
Such investors may offset any decrease in value realised within the same taxation period on sale or redemption 
of such an ETP Security against any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised from other securities 
with a predominant one-time interest payment. 
Pure derivative financial ETP Securities 
Periodic and one-time dividend equalisation payments realised on an ETP Security which is classified as a pure 
derivative financial instrument (such as pure call and put options, pure futures, static certificates replicating an 
index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right and discount 
certificates with a maturity not exceeding twelve months) and which is held as part of a holder's private assets 
constitute taxable investment income. Any other return will be classified as a tax-exempt capital gain or a non-
tax deductible capital loss (see below "Capital gains taxation—ETP Securities held as private assets by a Swiss 
resident individual"). 
 
Fund-like ETP Securities 
An ETP Security classified as a fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through instrument for Swiss 
tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, and capital gains and losses 
(less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are reported and distributed separately. 
Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like ETP Security as part of private assets only receives 
taxable income (which he or she must report annually) over such portion of the distributions (in case the 
fund is distributing the income realised on the underlying investments) or earnings credits (in case the fund 
is reinvesting the income realised on the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less 
attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains 
realised on the underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain and any respective loss on 
the underlying investments is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within a taxation 
period on the sale of a fund-like instrument (including accrued dividends and interests) is exempt from 
income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised a non-tax-deductible capital 
loss (see below "Capital gains taxation—ETP Securities held as private assets by a Swiss resident 
individual"). 
ETP Securities held as assets of a Swiss business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold ETP Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in the 
case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale 
or redemption of, such ETP Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for the 
respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss resident individuals who, for income tax purposes, qualify 
as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged investments in 
securities. 
Capital gains taxation 
ETP Securities held as private assets by a Swiss resident individual 
A gain, a loss, respectively, realised by an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes upon the sale 
or other disposal of an ETP Security held as part of his or her private assets is a tax-free private capital 
gain, a non-tax deductible capital loss, respectively, unless such individual is classified, for income tax 
purposes, as a "professional securities dealer" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in securities. If an individual is classified as a "professional securities dealer" he or she will be 
taxed in accordance with the principles set forth above under "ETP Securities held as Assets of a Swiss 
Business". In relation to the bifurcation of a tax-exempt capital gains component, non-tax deductible capital 
loss component, respectively, from taxable income components of an ETP Security, see the bifurcation 
principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under "Income taxation —ETP Securities 
held as private assets by a Swiss resident individual"). 
ETP Securities held as assets of a Swiss business 
Capital gains realised on ETP Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business are taxed in accordance with the 
taxation principles set forth above under "Income Taxation—ETP Securities held as assets of a Swiss 
business"). 
Stamp Taxes 
Swiss federal issue stamp tax 
The ETP Securities are not subject to Swiss federal stamp tax on the issuance of securities (primary market). 
 
Swiss federal securities turnover tax 
Dealings in ETP Securities (secondary market) which are classified as pure derivative financial instruments 
(such as pure call and put options, pure futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25%, static certificates 
replicating an index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity on an annual redemption right) 
are not subject to the Swiss federal securities turnover tax. 
Dealings in ETP Securities (secondary market) which have been issued by an Issuer outside of Switzerland 
and which are classified as structured notes, share-like instruments  or fund-like instruments are subject to 
Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss securities 
dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no 
exemption applies. 
Dealings in bonds and structured notes with a maturity not exceeding one year are exempt from Swiss federal 
turnover tax. 
The delivery of an underlying taxable security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the ETP Security is 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3% if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the 
Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. 
Gift, inheritance and estate taxes 
Subject to an applicable tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of ETP Securities may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person has had his or her last 
domicile in Switzerland, if the donor is resident in Switzerland, respectively, or in the case of a foreign deceased 
or resident person the transfer involves an unincorporated business in Switzerland and ETP Securities are held 
as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. Rates depend upon the existing relationship 
(i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor and the donee) and the size of 
the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants and inheritances collected by the surviving

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
spouse and descendants are frequently exempt or taxed at very low rates (up to 7%). Gifts and inheritances 
received from unrelated persons attract rates ranging from 20% to 55%. The taxable base is usually the market 
value of the property transferred. 
Net worth and capital taxes 
A holder of ETP Securities who is an individual resident in Switzerland for tax purposes or is a non-Swiss 
resident holding ETP Securities as part of a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment is 
required to report ETP Securities as part of private wealth or as part of Swiss business assets, as the case 
may be, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax on any net taxable wealth 
(including  the ETP Securities), in the case of non-Swiss resident individual holding ETP Securities as part of 
a Swiss business operation or a Swiss permanent establishment to the extent the aggregate taxable wealth is 
allocable to Switzerland. Incorporated holders of ETP Securities are subject to cantonal and communal capital 
tax on net taxable equity, in the case of non-Swiss resident person holding ETP Securities as part of a Swiss 
permanent establishment, to the extent the aggregate taxable equity is allocable to Switzerland. No net worth 
and capital taxes exist at the federal level. 
Non-Swiss resident holders 
A holder of an ETP Security who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation 
year has not engaged in trade or business carried on through a business operation or permanent establishment 
in Switzerland, will in respect of such ETP Security neither be subject to income tax and capital gains tax nor 
net wealth or capital tax in Switzerland.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for ETP Securities from the Issuer.   
The minimum initial investment in a Series of ETP Securities which must be made by an Authorised 
Participant is US$150,000. 
Further, the ETP Securities may only be issued or allotted to: 
(a) 
a person whose ordinary activities involve the person in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of the person’s business or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, arrange or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of the person’s business; or 
(b) 
a person who has received and acknowledged an investment warning that: 
(i) 
the ETP Securities are only suitable for acquisition by a person who has a significantly 
substantial asset base such that would enable the person to sustain any loss that might be 
incurred as a result of acquiring such ETP Securities, and is sufficiently financially sophisticated 
to be reasonably expected to know the risks involved in acquiring the ETP Securities; and 
(ii) that neither the scheme nor the activities of any functionary with regard to the scheme are subject 
to all the provisions of the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of ETP Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Authorised Participant represents that the ETP Securities may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will comply with 
the selling restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus and that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers ETP Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised Participant shall have 
responsibility therefor.  
United States  
The ETP Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended, or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and the Issuer has not and will not be registered under 
the Investment Company Act. ETP Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at 
any time nor offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Authorised Participant has not offered or sold and will not offer and sell ETP Securities at any time, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or its possessions or for the account or benefit of (i) a "U.S. 
person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"), (ii) a "U.S. person" as defined 
in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations 
promulgated by the CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, (iii) 
a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, or (iv) a "United States 
person" as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, in each case, as such definition may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
Each Authorised Participant has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the ETP 
Securities except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, and that none of it,

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling 
efforts with respect to such ETP Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an 
offer or sale of ETP Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Offering materials for the offering of the ETP Securities have not been filed with or approved or disapproved 
by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other state or federal regulatory authority, 
nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of this offering or passed upon the 
accuracy or completeness of any offering materials. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each 
Authorised Participant has not made and will not make an offer of ETP Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms to the public in 
that Relevant Member State, except that it may make an offer of such ETP Securities to the public in that 
Relevant Member State: 
(i) 
 if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the ETP Securities specify that an offer of those ETP 
Securities may be made by the Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (an “EU Non-exempt Offer”), following the 
date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such ETP Securities which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved 
in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State, provided that this Base Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such EU Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period (if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in the Base Prospectus or Final 
Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that EU 
Non-exempt Offer;  
(ii)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(iii)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised Participant 
or Authorised Participants nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of ETP Securities referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of ETP Securities to the public” in 
relation to any ETP Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form 
and by means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the ETP Securities to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the ETP Securities. 
Switzerland 
 
The ETP Securities are exchange-traded products, which do not qualify as shares or units in collective 
investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act (“CISA”), as 
amended from time to time. They have not been approved by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority (“FINMA”) and are not subject to its supervision. Accordingly, investors do not benefit from the 
investors' protection of the CISA. The ETP Securities are not issued, guaranteed or secured in an equivalent 
manner by a prudentially supervised financial institution within the meaning of Article 70 (1) of the Swiss

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA"), as amended from time to time. An investment in the Programme do not 
qualify as a bank deposit and is not within the scope of any deposit protection scheme under Swiss law. 
 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (b) below:  
(i) the ETP Securities may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the FinSA and will not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland; 
(ii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Securities (A) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the 
FinSA or (B) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss Review Body; and 
(iii) neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland.  
(b) 
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above: 
(i) if and when this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements hereto) has been 
automatically recognised in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA by a Swiss Review Body 
as a base prospectus within the meaning of article 45 of the FinSA, and published in accordance 
with the FinSA, this Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) may be used, subject 
to any other applicable requirements under the FinSA and the FinSO, for any public offering of 
ETP Securities in Switzerland and/or application for the admission to trading of ETP Securities 
on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland; and 
(ii) ETP Securities may be offered in Switzerland to private investors, as defined in the FinSA, 
with whom there is no permanent portfolio management or investment advice relationship, only 
if the ETP Securities are offered by a prudentially supervised financial institution as defined in 
Article 70 (1) FinSA and Article 96 FinSO respectively and collateral from a supervised financial 
intermediary in accordance with Article 70(1) FinSA to provide the issuer with sufficient financial 
resources to be able to satisfy investors’ claims is guaranteed. Any offering of ETP Securities to 
such retail clients in Switzerland requires the registration of a prospectus with a Swiss Review 
Body in Switzerland and publication of Key Investor Documents (“KID”) as prescribed in the 
FinSA. 
This Base Prospectus has been registered with the SIX Prospectus Office pursuant to article 54 
(2) of the FinSA, and may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of charge, upon request 
from www.leverageshares.com or at the registered office of the Issuer.  
Key Information Documents have been prepared in relation to the ETP Securities and may be 
obtained, free of charge at  www.leverageshares.com or at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(iii) In respect of any ETP Securities to be issued, the Issuer and the relevant Authorised 
Participant(s) may agree that (A) such Securities may be publicly offered in Switzerland within 
the meaning of the FinSA and/or (B) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer 
to admit such Securities to trading on the SIX Swiss Exchange or any other trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Issuer and the relevant 
Authorised Participant(s) agree to comply, and comply, with any applicable requirements of the 
FinSA in connection with such offering and/or application for admission to trading. 
 
United Kingdom 
The Issuer and each Authorised has not made and will not make an offer of the ETP Securities which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
  
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
establishment of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors passed on 10 March 2025. 
2. 
Since the date of incorporation, the Issuer has not commenced operations and no audited financial 
statements have been drawn up as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
3. 
While the Issuer is established as a special purpose company for issuing the ETP Securities backed 
by the Collateral Assets as described in this Base Prospectus, no notification has been or is intended 
to be, communicated to ESMA in relation to the ‘Simple, Transparent, and Standardised’ (STS) 
criteria set out in the Securitisation Regulation (EU) 2017/2402. 
4. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer and no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since its incorporation.  
5. 
The Issuer is not nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) since 
its incorporation which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on its financial 
position or profitability. 
6. 
ETP Securities may be accepted for clearance through CREST. The address of CREST is Euroclear 
UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London, EC4M 5SB. 
7. 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
8. 
It is expected that each Series of ETP Securities that is to be listed and admitted to trading on a stock 
exchange will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of ETP Securities 
initially representing the ETP Securities of such Series. The approval by the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority of this Base Prospectus in respect of the ETP Securities was granted on 14 
March 2025. 
9. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant ETP Securities will be determined, before filing of the 
relevant Final Terms of each Series, based on then prevailing market conditions. The Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any of the issues of ETP Securities. 
10. 
For so long as ETP Securities remain outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available 
for inspection on the Issuer’s website at  www.leverageshares.com: 
 
the Issuer’s memorandum and up to date articles of association; 
 
the Base Prospectus; 
 
any supplements published in relation to the Base Prospectus; and 
 
any Final Terms published under the Base Prospectus.  
11. 
For so long as ETP Securities remain outstanding, the following documents will be available at the 
registered office of the Issuer during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and 
public holidays excepted), in each case, provided that the Issuer may make the below documents 
available in redacted form in order to address legitimate privacy or secrecy concerns, such as with 
respect to information which may infringe on business secrecy or data privacy: 
 
the Master Trust Deed in respect of the Programme; 
 
the Services Agreement; 
 
the Computershare Registry Services Agreement;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
the Administration Agreement;  
 
the Determination Agency Agreement;  
 
the Broker Dealer of Record Agreement; 
 
the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
 
the Authorised Participant Agreement;  
 
the Master Definitions Schedule;  
 
the LS FCM Agreement; and 
 
the Supplemental Trust Deed in respect of each Series of ETP Securities. 
12. 
Baker Tilly audits the accounts of the Issuer. Baker Tilly has no material interest in the Issuer. Baker 
Tilly is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. 
13. 
The secured assets backing the issue, being the relevant Collateral Assets, have characteristics 
that demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on the 
relevant ETP Securities. 
 
14. 
The Arranger has agreed to take responsibility for the expenses relating to the admission to trading 
of each Series and therefore the cost of such expenses to the Issuer is nil. 
15. 
Any website mentioned in this Base Prospectus does not form part of the prospectus prepared for 
the purpose of seeking approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. No such website 
has been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA.  
16. 
Jersey Regulatory Notices 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the income from them can go down as well 
as up.  If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your 
stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser.   
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of ETP Securities 
or other obligations by the Issuer is intended to constitute or should be construed as advice on the 
merits of the purchase of or subscription for ETP Securities or the exercise of any rights attached 
thereto for the purposes of the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998, as amended. 
The ETP Securities may only be issued or allotted exclusively to: 
(A) 
a person whose ordinary activities involve him in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of his business or who is responsible 
to expect will acquire, hold, arrange or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of his business; or 
(B) 
a person who has received and acknowledged the following investment warning: 
(i)  
The ETP Securities are only suitable for acquisition by a person who (a) has a 
significantly substantial asset base such as would enable him to sustain any loss that 
might be incurred as a result of acquiring the ETP Securities and (b) is sufficiently 
financially sophisticated to be reasonably expected to know the risks involved in 
acquiring the ETP Securities. 
(ii)  
Neither the Issuer nor the activities of any functionary with regard to the issue of the 
ETP Securities are subject to all of the provisions of the Financial Services (Jersey) 
Law 1998.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
2nd Floor, Gaspe House 
66-72 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1GH 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishopsgate  
 EC2N 4AG  
United Kingdom 
ADMINISTRATOR 
IQ EQ Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
2nd Floor, Gaspe House 
66-72 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1GH 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
13 Caste Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
REGISTRAR 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
13 Caste Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1ES 
FUTURES CLEARING MERCHANT 
Hidden Road Partners CIV US LLC 
10 East 40th St 
New York 
NY 10016 
USA 
Interactive Brokers LLC 
One Pickwick Plaza 
Greenwich 
CT 06830 
USA 
 
PORTFOLIO MANAGER 
Flexinvest Limited 
Suite B, Unit D, Building 3 
331 Rosedale Road 
Albany 
Auckland 
0632, New Zealand 
BROKER DEALER OF RECORD 
GWM Limited 
Sofia House, 3rd Floor 
48 Church Street 
Hamilton 
HM 12 
Bermuda 
DETERMINATION AGENT 
Calculation Agent Services LLC 
34E Putnam Avenue 
Suite 112 
Greenwich 
CT 06820 
USA 
ARRANGER 
Leverage Shares Management Company Limited 
116 Mount Prospect Avenue 
Clontarf 
Dublin 3 
Ireland

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
IRISH LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
Mason Hayes & Curran LLP 
South Bank House 
Barrow St 
Dublin 4 
D04 TR29 
Ireland 
JERSEY LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
Appleby (Jersey) LLP 
13-14 Esplanade 
St Helier 
JE1 1BD 
SWEDISH LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE ISSUER 
AG Advokat 
Regeringsgaten 38 
P.O. Box 3124 
SE-103  62 Stockholm 
Sweden 
IRISH LEGAL ADVISOR TO THE TRUSTEE 
Walkers (Ireland) LLP 
The Exchange Building  
George's Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1, D01 W3P9 
Ireland