--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2023 
 
LA BANQUE POSTALE 
€20,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), La Banque Postale (the "Issuer" or "La Banque Postale"), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
will not at any time exceed €20,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of any Notes).  
The Notes can be unsubordinated Notes or subordinated Notes. Unsubordinated Notes may be senior preferred or senior non preferred. 
In accordance with French law, notably the requirement to obtain an express legislative authorisation for each guarantee, the Notes do not benefit from any guarantee of any kind, direct or 
indirect, from the French State.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus received 
the approval number 23-128 on 24 April 2023 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the 
AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on the Regulated Market (as defined below) in another Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (a "Regulated Market"). However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which are not admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be 
admitted to trading, and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all 
times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Form, Denomination(s), Title and 
Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Form, Denomination(s), Title and 
Redenomination"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant 
Noteholder. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a 
"Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Materialised Notes in 
bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached, on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as 
described in "TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES") upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more 
fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME") intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing 
system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on then prevailing market conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The long-term senior preferred debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), A+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and A2 
by Moody’s France SAS ("Moody’s"). The long-term senior non preferred debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of BBB- by S&P, A by Fitch and Baa2 by Moody’s. The subordinated 
debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of BB+ by S&P, BBB+ by Fitch and Baa3 by Moody’s. The Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating has been assigned a rating of A+ by S&P. 
The Issuer’s long-term issuer default rating has been assigned a rating of A by Fitch. Long-term deposit and issuer ratings have been assigned to the Issuer a rating of A2 by Moody’s. Notes 
issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the Final Terms. Each of S&P, Fitch 
and Moody’s is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011 (the 
"CRA Regulation"). Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities 
and Markets Authority’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus will be available on the websites of the Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com) and the AMF (www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms related to the Notes listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the website of the AMF. 
 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk factors" in this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment decision 
in the Notes. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan 
La Banque Postale 
Morgan Stanley 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time 
to time (each a "Supplement" and together the "Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to, the Issuer, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a 
whole ("La Banque Postale Group") which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the 
Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement that may 
be published from time to time and with all documents incorporated by reference 
(see "INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE") and in relation to any Series (as 
defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Term(s) 
(the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the "Prospectus"). 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by 
reference have been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information 
appears. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so 
far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the above sources, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the information reproduced inaccurate or 
misleading. The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in "GENERAL 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any 
sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or La Banque Postale Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or 
La Banque Postale Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference 
(see "DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE"), the information on the websites to 
which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the AMF. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE".  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on 5 
February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in MiFID II) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID 
II in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification – Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued 
under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes 
any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy 
or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by reference 
should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
In relation to Themed Notes (as defined in the Risk Factors section of the Base Prospectus, in the 
risk factor entitled “The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds”), neither the Arranger 
nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of such Themed Notes to fulfil green, 
social or sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers 
have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible 
green projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainability projects, any verification of 
whether such Themed Notes meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of 
any Themed Notes, or the allocation of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) by 
the Issuer to particular eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainability 
projects. Each prospective investor of the Themed Notes should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the 
use of proceeds and its purchase of the Themed Notes should be based upon such investigation as 
it deems necessary. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, the Issuer’s relevant Green, 
Social & Sustainability Bond Framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the 
issue of any Themed Notes, the second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, if any, and any

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any 
issue of Themed Notes for further information. Any such Green, Social & Sustainability Bond 
Framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and no assurance or representation is given by any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the 
Issuer’s relevant Green, Social & Sustainability Bond Framework, of such Green, Social & 
Sustainability Bond Framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of 
any Themed Notes, of public reporting, if any, or on any Themed Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or the 
Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Themed Notes and would only be current as of the date it 
is released. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of 
proceeds of the Themed Notes issued under the Programme. Moreover, if the Themed Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a specific segment of any stock exchange for Themed Notes, or 
included in an index or indices, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to 
the satisfaction of such Themed Notes to fulfil the criteria of such specific segments, index or 
indices, and, if the Themed Notes were listed or admitted to trading, that any such listing or 
admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, will be maintained during the life of 
the Themed Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references 
to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended, references to "£", "pounds sterling", "GBP" and "Sterling" are 
to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollars" are 
to the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
 
Table of Contents 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 21 
RETAIL CASCADES .......................................................................................................................... 39 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 41 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................. 48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 49 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO INDEX LINKED NOTES ................................ 127 
TECHNICAL ANNEX ....................................................................................................................... 169 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES ................................................................................................................................................ 207 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 208 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 209 
RECENT EVENTS ............................................................................................................................. 210 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 213 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 215 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 223 
TECHNICAL ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS ............................................................................. 258 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 279 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .................................................................................................... 285

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base 
Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" and in the relevant 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuer 
La Banque Postale 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI")  
96950066U5XAAIRCPA78 
Risk factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. These are set out under the heading 
"Risks relating to the Issuer and its operations" in the 
section headed "RISK FACTORS" in this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks 
associated with 
Notes issued 
under 
the 
Programme. These are set out under the heading "Risks 
relating to the Notes" in the section headed "RISK 
FACTORS" in this Base Prospectus. 
Description 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous 
offer of Notes (the "Programme"). 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
HSBC Continental Europe 
J.P. Morgan SE 
La Banque Postale 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
NATIXIS

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
UniCredit Bank AG 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or appoint 
additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches 
or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit 
Up to €20,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) aggregate principal amount 
of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying 
Agent  
BNP Paribas  
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates (each an "Issue Date") and 
on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a "Tranche") on the same or different Issue Dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and 
conditions and, save in respect of the Issue Date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of 
the same Series) will be completed in the final terms 
(the "Final Terms"). 
Maturities 
Any maturity in excess of one month (except in the case of 
Subordinated Notes for which the minimum maturity will 
be five years and of Senior Non Preferred Notes for which 
the minimum maturity will be one year) or, in any case, 
such other minimum maturity as may be required from time 
to time by the relevant regulatory authority. No maximum 
maturity is contemplated and Notes may be issued with no 
specified maturity dates provided, however, that Notes will

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
 
only be issued in compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory requirements. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, 
Sterling and in any other currency (with the exception of 
Renminbi) agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s).  
Specified Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") unless 
they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent. 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination 
only. 
Status of the Notes 
Notes may be issued on either a senior or a subordinated 
basis. 
Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non 
Preferred Notes. 
The ability to issue Senior Non Preferred Notes, as 
described below, is provided by Article 151 of the Loi 
relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et 
à la modernisation de la vie économique (the "Sapin 2 
Law"), which has amended Article L.613-30-3 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier to create a new "senior 
non preferred notes" ranking. The Sapin 2 Law was 
definitively adopted by the French parliament on 9 
November 2016 and entered into force following the 
publication to the Official Journal of the French Republic 
(Journal Officiel de la République Française) on 12 
December 2016 (the "Effective Date"). For the avoidance 
of doubt, Senior Notes issued prior to the Effective Date 
constitute Senior Preferred Obligations since the Effective 
Date. 
(i) 
If the Notes are "Senior Preferred Notes", the 
Notes will be Senior Preferred Obligations and the Notes 
and (if applicable) the relative Coupons constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will at all times rank:

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and 
with other Senior Preferred Obligations; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims 
benefiting from preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable or liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any 
other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of 
Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes 
rank: 
(A) 
junior to present and future claims 
benefiting from preferred exceptions; and 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations. 
(ii) 
If the Notes are "Senior Non Preferred Notes", 
the Notes will be Senior Non Preferred Obligations and the 
Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and 
with 
other 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Obligations;  
(B) 
senior to Eligible Creditors of the 
Issuer, 
Ordinarily 
Subordinated 
Obligations and any other present or future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior 
Non Preferred Obligations; and 
 (C) 
junior to present and future claims 
benefiting from preferred exceptions and 
to Senior Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable or liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any 
other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of 
Noteholders to payment under the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior 
to 
Senior 
Preferred 
Obligations; and

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
(B) 
senior to any Eligible Creditors of 
the 
Issuer, 
Ordinarily 
Subordinated 
Obligations and any other present or future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior 
Non Preferred Obligations.  
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any 
subordinated obligations or other instruments (including 
subordinated securities issued pursuant to Article L. 228-
97 of the French Code de commerce) issued by the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among 
themselves, and constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to 
prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier 
rang).  
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any senior 
(chirographaires) obligations (including the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the 
Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Articles L.613-30-3–I-
4° and R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any senior 
(chirographaires) obligations (including the Senior 
Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the 
Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within the 
category of obligations described in Article L.613-30-3–I-
3° of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Subordinated Notes 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue 
of the Subordinated Notes be treated for regulatory 
purposes as Tier 2 Capital. Sub-paragraph (i) below will 
apply in respect of the Subordinated Notes for so long as 
such Subordinated Notes are treated for regulatory 
purposes as Tier 2 Capital (such Subordinated Notes being 
hereafter referred to as "Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes"). Should the principal and interest of any 
outstanding Qualifying Subordinated Notes be fully 
excluded from Tier 2 Capital ("Disqualification Event") 
(Subordinated Notes affected by a Disqualification Event 
being hereafter referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes"), sub-paragraph (ii) below will automatically 
replace and supersede sub-paragraph (i) below for such 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes without the need for any 
action from the Issuer and without consultation of the 
holders of such Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de 
commerce.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
 
(i) 
Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Qualifying Subordinated Notes, 
subject as provided in sub-paragraph (ii) below, 
their principal and interest constitute and will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations (in accordance with 
Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French 
Code monétaire et financier created by Ordinance 
No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector 
implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD II under 
French law) of the Issuer and rank and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and pari passu with 
any obligations or instruments of the Issuer that 
constitute Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations.  
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the 
voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, bankruptcy 
proceedings, or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of the holders in 
respect of principal and interest to payment under 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes will be: 
(A)  
subordinated to the full payment of: 
(1) the unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer;  
(2)  any subordinated creditor ranking or 
expressed to rank senior to the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes; 
(3)  any Disqualified Subordinated Note 
issued by the Issuer; and 
(4) Eligible Creditors of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
paid in priority to any prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(obligations dites "super subordonnées" 
i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier 
rang).  
(ii) 
Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Disqualified Subordinated Notes, 
their principal and interest constitute and will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations (in accordance with 
Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French 
Code monétaire et financier created by Ordinance 
No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to 
the resolution regime in the banking sector 
implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD II under 
French law) of the Issuer and rank and will rank

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
 
pari passu (a) among themselves and (b) with any 
and all instruments that have (or will have) such 
rank (including for the avoidance of doubt 
instruments issued on or after 28 December 2020 
initially treated as additional tier 1 capital and 
which subsequently lost such treatment). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the 
voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, bankruptcy 
proceedings, or any other similar proceedings 
affecting the Issuer, the rights of the holders in 
respect of principal and interest to payment under 
the Disqualified Subordinated Notes will be: 
(A) 
subordinated to the full payment of: 
 (1) the unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer; and 
 (2)  any subordinated creditor ranking or 
expressed to rank senior to the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and  
(B) 
paid in priority to Eligible Creditors of the 
Issuer, Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
issued 
by 
the 
Issuer, 
any 
prêts 
participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres 
participatifs issued by the Issuer and any 
deeply subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer 
(obligations 
dites 
"super 
subordonnées" 
i.e. 
engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang).  
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated 
claims (including subordinated securities issued pursuant 
to Article L. 228-97 of the French Code de commerce) that 
rank or are expressed to rank (i) senior to obligations or 
instruments of the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations and (ii) junior to Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes. 
Negative Pledge 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes 
(except with respect to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes (only if "Prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), as set out in 
Condition 4 — see "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
THE NOTES — Negative Pledge". 
Events of Default (including cross 
default) 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes will contain events 
of default and a cross-default in respect of the Notes as set 
out in Condition 9(a) (except where one or more of the 
events of default are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) — see "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Events of Default and 
Enforcement — Events of default or enforcement (Senior 
Preferred Notes)".

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
 
The terms of the Senior Non Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes, or if the Notes are Senior Preferred 
Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify that no 
events of default are applicable (which would in particular 
typically be the case in relation to Senior Preferred Notes, 
if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), will not 
contain any event of default. However, a Noteholder may, 
upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent given before all 
defaults have been cured, cause such Senior Non Preferred 
Note or Subordinated Note or Senior Preferred Note (where 
the applicable Final Terms specify that no events of default 
are applicable) to become due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest 
thereon, if any, as of the date on which said notice is 
received by the Fiscal Agent, in the event that an order is 
made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. 
Redemption Amount 
The relevant Final Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating the redemption amounts payable pursuant to the 
method set in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or 
in the Technical Annex. Unless permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated 
in Sterling) having a maturity of less than one year from the 
date of issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds are 
to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption 
amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes 
will state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Only if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
optional redemption of Senior Preferred Notes is subject to 
the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as required 
by the Relevant Rules. 
Any optional redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes is 
subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, 
as required by the Relevant Rules. 
Any optional redemption of Subordinated Notes can only 
be made subject to certain conditions, which are different 
for Qualifying Subordinated Notes and for Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes, including but not limited to the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator (as required by the 
Relevant Rules for Qualifying Subordinated Notes and to

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
 
the extent required by the Relevant Rules for Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and, in relation to Senior Preferred Notes, only if 
"Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no redemption of 
the Notes at the option of the Noteholders is permitted. 
Early Redemption 
Senior Preferred Notes  
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above and 
"Clean-up Call Option" below, Senior Preferred Notes will 
be redeemable prior to maturity in case of illegality and, at 
the option of the Issuer, for taxation reasons or (only if 
"Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) if an event 
disqualifying them to the MREL/TLAC eligibility has 
occurred and is continuing.  
Only if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any 
early redemption of Senior Preferred Notes is subject to the 
prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as required by 
the Relevant Rules. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes  
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be redeemable prior to 
maturity in case of illegality and, at the option of the Issuer, 
for taxation reasons or if an event disqualifying them to the 
MREL/TLAC eligibility has occurred and is continuing. 
See Condition 6 "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
NOTES — Redemption, Purchase and Options". 
Any early redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes is 
subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, 
as required by the Relevant Rules. 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes will be redeemable prior to maturity at 
the option of the Issuer, for taxation reasons, in the case 
where the relevant Subordinated Notes are excluded from 
the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or if an event disqualifying 
them to the MREL/TLAC eligibility has occurred and is 
continuing. 
See 
Condition 
6 
"TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Redemption, Purchase 
and Options". 
Any early redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to the 
Maturity Date is subject to various conditions, which are 
different for Qualifying Subordinated Notes and for 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes, including in particular

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
 
the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator (as required 
by the Relevant Rules for Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
and to the extent required by the Relevant Rules for 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes). 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at 
least 75% or any higher percentage (the "Clean-up 
Percentage"), as specified in the Final Terms, of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes 
has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, at its option but subject to having given not less than 
15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem, in whole but 
not in part, the Notes in that Series at their Optional 
Redemption Amount being the principal amount together 
with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set for 
redemption, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated 
revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  
If French law should require that payments of interest in 
respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges whatsoever, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall 
result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required.  
Interest Periods and Interest Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both, provided that 
in no event, will the relevant interest amount be less than 
zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes 
to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on each interest 
payment date – see Condition 5(b)(i).  
Resettable Notes 
The interest rate of Resettable Notes shall be a fixed interest 
rate resettable at different reset dates – see Condition 
5(b)(ii). 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
- on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by the June 2013 FBF Master 
Agreement as supplemented by the Technical 
Schedules (Additifs Techniques), as published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française,  
- on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating, 
either the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") or the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by the ISDA, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or 
- by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate, TEC10, €STR, 
SOFR or SONIA or any successor rate or any 
alternative rate, 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, 
and calculated and payable as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also have a 
maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or 
both, provided that in no event, will the relevant interest 
amount be less than zero – see Condition 5(c)(iv). 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount 
or at a discount to it and will not bear interest – see 
Condition 5(e).  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the 
Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from 
a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out 
in the Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Notes  
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the 
Notes may be linked to inflation indices, – see Condition

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
 
5(c)(v)(A) and (B) for the interest rate and Condition 6(h) 
for the redemption amount. 
Index Linked Notes 
The interest rate and the final redemption amount of the 
Notes may be linked to the level of an index or a basket of 
indices, as the case may be – see Additional Conditions 
applicable to Index Linked Notes and Technical Annex. 
Notes linked to a formula 
The interest rate and/or the final redemption amount and/or 
the early redemption amount can be linked to a formula 
contained in the Technical Annex. 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an independent adviser to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (with consequent amendment 
to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application of 
an adjustment spread) – see Condition 5(d) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) for further information. 
Redenomination 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the 
EU which will participate in the single currency of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union may be 
redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in 
"TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination" below. 
Consolidation 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of 
another Series as more fully provided in "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES — Further Issues and 
Consolidation". 
Form of Notes 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form 
("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes – see Condition 1 "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS 
OF 
THE 
NOTES 
— 
Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination". 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form 
("Materialised Bearer Notes") only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes 
may only be issued outside France. 
Recognition of Bail-in  
By 
the 
acquisition 
of 
Notes, 
each 
Noteholder 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by 
the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, as more fully described in 
“TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – 
Recognition of Bail-in”.  
Governing Law 
French  
Clearing Systems 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes and, in relation to Materialised 
Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes 
No later than one (1) Paris business day before the Issue 
Date of each Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre 
comptable or the Application Form, as the case may be, 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes 
On or before the Issue Date for each Tranche of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, the Temporary Global 
Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the 
method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their principal amount.  
Ratings  
The long-term senior preferred debt of the Issuer has been 
assigned a rating of A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), A+ by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch") and A2 by Moody’s France SAS ("Moody’s"). 
The long-term senior non preferred debt of the Issuer has 
been assigned a rating of BBB- by S&P, A by Fitch and 
Baa2 by Moody’s. The subordinated debt of the Issuer has 
been assigned a rating of BB+ by S&P, BBB+ by Fitch and 
Baa3 by Moody’s. The Issuer's long-term issuer credit 
rating has been assigned a rating of A+ by S&P. The 
Issuer’s long-term issuer default rating has been assigned a 
rating of A by Fitch. Long-term deposit and issuer ratings 
have been assigned to the Issuer a rating of A2 by Moody’s. 
Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). 
Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. This list is available on the ESMA 
website at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk.  
The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Euronext Paris or as otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may or may not be admitted to trading. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. 
See "SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE".  
 
The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes 
of Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulations 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(or 
any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) (the "D 
Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury 
Regulations 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or 
any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final 
Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of the 
Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com).

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or La Banque Postale Group and/or the 
Notes and material for an informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal inherent risks in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not 
represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including 
any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the 
risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into 
account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES" 
herein shall have the same meanings in this section.  
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS  
For details on the risk factors relating to the Issuer and La Banque Postale Group refer to pages 428 to 
440 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document (as defined in section "Information Incorporated by 
Reference") which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
2.1 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer  
(a) 
Risks related to the legal framework applicable to the Issuer 
The implementation in France of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could 
materially affect the Notes 
Directive 2014/59/EU provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD II"), implemented in France by several 
legislative texts, to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity.  
If the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the 
conditions set by BRRD II, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, 
of the BRRD II resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, asset 
separation or bail in), any shortfall from the sale of the Issuer’s assets may lead to a partial 
reduction in the outstanding amounts of certain claims of unsecured creditors of that entity 
(including, as the case may be, the Notes), or, in a worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. The 
unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including, as the case may be, the Notes) might also be 
converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance with the hierarchy of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
 
claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or cancellation being first 
on common equity tier one instruments, thereafter the reduction, cancellation or conversion 
being on additional tier one instruments issued before 28 December 2020 and additional tier 
one instruments issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partially 
qualified as such, then tier two instruments issued before 28 December 2020 and tier two 
instruments issued after 28 December 2020 so long as they remain totally or partially qualified 
as such (including, as the case may be, the Subordinated Notes so long as they constitute Tier 
2 Capital fully or partly), then other subordinated debts other than capital instruments (such as 
the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December if and when they no longer constitute Tier 2 
Capital fully or partly), then other eligible liabilities (senior non preferred debt instruments 
(such as the Senior Non Preferred Notes) before any senior preferred debt instruments (such as 
the Senior Preferred Notes)). The relevant resolution authority may also seek to amend the 
terms (such as variation of the maturity) of any outstanding unsecured debt securities 
(including, as the case may be, the Notes) (as further described in Condition 15 (Recognition 
of Bail-in) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used 
as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including the 
bail-in tool, to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD II or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment 
in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. As a result, 
Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity 
Capital instruments may be written down or converted into shares or other instruments of 
ownership either in connection with a resolution proceeding, or in certain other cases without 
or prior to a resolution proceeding. The relevant resolution authority has the powers to write-
down capital instruments, or convert them into shares or other instruments of ownership at the 
"point of non-viability" of the Issuer. Capital instruments for these purposes include common 
equity tier 1, additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments, such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes. 
The exercise of write-down/conversion powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
independently of a resolution proceeding or combined with a resolution measure with respect 
to capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as the Subordinated Notes) 
could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion of the Subordinated 
Notes into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership. 
In addition, where the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates, the existence or the actual 
exercise of write-down/conversion powers by the relevant resolution authority (together with 
the existence or the actual exercise of the general bail-in tool and the other resolution measures) 
could cause the market price or value of the Subordinated Notes to decline more rapidly than 
would be the case in the absence of such powers. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Subordinated Notes.  
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer 
becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws 
of France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under 
Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt 
and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has 
been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such 
Ordonnance, applicable as from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with 
regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. 
According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore 
the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria 
for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each 
class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest 
based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring 
plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power 
on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped into one or 
several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly 
be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the Ordonnance do not cover financial 
institutions, unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, 
the application of French insolvency law to a credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to 
the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening 
of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect 
the ability of the Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. 
As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and 
significantly impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
(b) 
Risks related to the terms and conditions of the Notes 
There may be limited or no event of default under the Notes  
Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes provide for events of 
default allowing for the acceleration of the Senior Preferred Notes if certain events occur. 
However, the applicable Final Terms may provide that no events of default (notably if "Prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) 
or some only, of such events of default are applicable. The Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes and the Senior Preferred Notes (if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that no events of default are applicable) do not provide for events of default. 
Accordingly, if there is limited or no event of default, Noteholders will, in such cases, not be 
able to accelerate the payment of principal if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such 
Notes, including the payment of any interest. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available 
to Noteholders will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment, which could be 
time-consuming and costly. For the avoidance of doubt, this applies to any Themed Notes 
issued as Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that no events of default are applicable, in the same manner. 
This could result in significant delays in the payment of interest or principal and could have an 
adverse impact on the Noteholders seeking repayment. As a result, Noteholders could lose all 
or part of their investment in the Notes.  
However, if any judgment were issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer were liquidated for any other reason, then the Notes would become 
immediately due and payable.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
 
Please refer to the risk factor “French Insolvency Law” for a description of the insolvency 
procedures under French law. 
Modification and waivers 
Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
contains provisions for calling General Meetings of Noteholders or taking Written Decisions to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant General 
Meeting or did not consent to the Written Decision and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Noteholders may through Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals 
relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the limitations 
provided by French law. If a decision is adopted by a majority of Noteholders and such 
modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes. 
The terms of certain Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes contain no negative pledge, and 
the Issuer is not prohibited from incurring additional debt 
In accordance with Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
there is no negative pledge in respect of Senior Notes (except with respect to Senior Preferred 
Notes for which "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) and Subordinated Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
place no restrictions on the incurrence by the Issuer of additional obligations that rank pari 
passu with, or senior to, the Notes. In addition, the Issuer may pledge assets to secure other 
notes or debt instruments without granting an equivalent pledge or security interest and status 
to the Senior Notes (except with respect to Senior Preferred Notes for which "Prior permission 
of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and 
Subordinated Notes. Such pledge or security interest will not be granted to Noteholders. 
Noteholders should be aware of this differentiating component as compared to most senior 
bonds because of the nature of the Notes and that they will not benefit from protection that 
would secure the ranking of the Notes. 
The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds  
When the Issuer issues Themed Notes, it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equivalent 
to the net proceeds of such Notes to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, new or 
existing projects included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio, as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section of this Base Prospectus, as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms (such 
Notes being "Themed Notes"). 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project 
to be defined as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 
June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the "Taxonomy") was adopted by the Council and the European 
Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-
wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a 
common language for determining which economic activities can be considered 
environmentally sustainable. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 
2021 (the "Climate Delegated Act") establishing the technical screening criteria for 
determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing substantially to 
climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that 
economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
 
entered into force on 1 January 2022. It was completed by the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022, including under strict conditions, specific nuclear 
and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the Taxonomy. However, 
the Taxonomy Regulation and the Climate Delegated Act specified above remain subject to 
further developments with regard to other specific economic activities and other environmental 
objectives.   
 
As a result, the definition of a “green” project or equivalently labelled project is now set for 
objectives related to climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by 
a particular project to qualify as a “green” project, unless it is related to an economic activity 
identified in the course of finalisation. However, there is currently no established definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) or market consensus as to what attributes are required for a 
particular asset or project to be classified as “social” or “sustainable” project or a project 
labelled as equivalent, and a project included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio may not meet any 
or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any project included in the Eligible 
Loan Portfolio.  
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Themed Notes in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus 
as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms, the projects included in the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
in accordance with any timing schedule as expected by the Noteholders. The projects included 
in the Eligible Loan Portfolio may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment, social or sustainability aspect) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or their maturity may not match the minimum 
duration of any Themed Note. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute an 
Event of Default (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the right to accelerate the Themed Notes) of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or 
any Dealer), (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Themed Notes or be a 
relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption 
rights in respect of any Themed Notes or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Themed 
Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable) if such 
Themed Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred 
Notes if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may 
be) on the relevant Themed Notes shall not depend on the performance of the projects included 
in the Eligible Loan Portfolio. Noteholders of any Themed Notes shall have no preferential 
rights or priority against the assets of any Eligible Loan Portfolio nor benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Themed Notes. 
 
Moreover, potential investors should be aware that the allocation reporting will be available to 
investors solely once per year and will only produce the total amount allocated to the various 
categories of projects included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio. Thus, investors will not have 
exhaustive visibility on the projects included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio.  Any failure to use 
the net proceeds from such Notes on projects included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio or to meet 
or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally, socially or 
sustainably focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value of the Notes 
and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, 
social and/or sustainable assets and consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes if "Prior permission 
of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms may also be 
Themed Notes. Themed Notes will be subject to the bail-in tool and resolution measures, to the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
 
same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Themed Note. Likewise, 
Themed Notes will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD II 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, the proceeds from 
Themed Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the 
balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, social” or “sustainable” label. 
Additionally, their labelling as Themed Notes (a) will not affect the regulatory treatment of 
such Themed Notes as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as 
applicable), if such Themed Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Senior Preferred Notes if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms; and (b) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in 
Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Any disqualification 
of the Notes as Themed Notes will not constitute an incentive to redeem such Notes. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest related to the discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent (which can be the Issuer or one of the Issuer’s affiliates), acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has discretionary powers to make the 
calculations, observations, replacements and adjustments provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and to modify the terms of the Index Linked Notes. The Calculation 
Agent's decisions may also, subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, result in early 
redemption of the Notes. 
In accordance with Condition 5(l) (Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest 
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption 
Amounts) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, all decisions taken by the Calculation 
Agent shall be binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholders and the Noteholders shall not 
be consulted on such modifications and shall not be able to oppose them through meetings. In 
addition, Noteholders should be aware that the Calculation Agent may, in certain 
circumstances, be the Issuer or one of the Issuer's affiliates and that, as a result, there may be 
potential conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
Given the discretionary nature of the decisions made by the Calculation Agent, it is possible 
that the decisions made by the Calculation Agent may not meet the expectations of the 
Noteholders and that the amounts or calculations made by the Calculation Agent may affect the 
value, yield and level of redemption of the Notes in a manner adverse to the Noteholders. These 
adjustments could thus result in a decrease in the value of the Notes or a partial or total loss of 
their investment for the Noteholders. 
In addition, in the event of early redemption of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes, which may be less than what the Noteholders could 
expect given the valuation of the Notes. 
2.2 
Risks related to a particular issue of Notes  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. 
Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the 
specific features of such Notes such as, inter alia, the provisions for computation of periodic 
interest payments, if any, redemption and issue price.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Risks 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
In accordance with Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial 
Redemption) and with Condition 6(d) (Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer.  
Noteholders should note in particular that the Issuer may: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes (subject to the prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator (as required by the Relevant Rules for Qualifying Subordinated Notes and to 
the extent required by the Relevant Rules for Disqualified Subordinated Notes)), 
redeem a Series of Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, together with all 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption in whole, but not in part,  upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Deduction Event, a 
Gross-Up Event, if a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing or, in whole, or if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Call Option); and 
(ii) 
 in the case of (a) Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (subject to the prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator, as required by the Relevant Rules) and (b) Senior 
Non Preferred Notes (subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator, as 
required by the Relevant Rules), redeem a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, as the case may be, at their principal amount, together with all 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, in whole, but not in part, upon the 
occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Gross-Up Event, if a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, or in whole, or if so provided in 
the relevant Final Terms, in part, on the Optional Redemption Date (Call Option). 
If the Issuer exercises its right to redeem any Notes, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of 
those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed 
and a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. This may also be true prior to any redemption period, or 
during any period where there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood that the Notes may 
be redeemed (including where there are circumstances giving rise to a right to redeem for tax 
or regulatory reasons).  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the 
threshold of the Clean-up Percentage of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular 
Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will 
exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise 
of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.  
As a consequence of an early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower 
than expected, and the redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price 
for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. The Noteholder may thus not receive the total amount of 
the capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive 
through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
 
redeemed Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for 
redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant.  
The Issuer is not required to redeem the Notes in the case of a Gross-Up Event  
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations in general, including those under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, are enforceable under French law. If any payment 
obligations under the Notes, including the obligations to pay additional amounts under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, are held illegal or 
unenforceable under French law, the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem 
the Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-
Up Event as defined in the Terms and Condition of the Notes, holders of Notes may receive 
less than the full amount due, and the market value and/or liquidity of such Notes will be 
adversely affected. As a result, Noteholders could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Redemption at 
the Option of the Noteholders), the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for 
early redemption at the option of the Noteholders. Exercise of the Put Option in respect of 
certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such 
option is not exercised. Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of 
which the Put Option provided in the relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid, 
which shall in turn adversely impact those Noteholders. 
(b) 
Risks related to the status and eligibility of the Notes 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations and are junior to certain obligations  
Article 48(7) of BRRD II provides that Member States of the EEA shall ensure that all claims 
resulting from own funds instruments, as defined by the CRR (the "Own Funds") (such as the 
Subordinated Notes for so long as they qualify as Own Funds) have, in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result from Own Funds. 
Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier as amended by Ordinance 
No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the banking sector 
has implemented Article 48(7) of BRRD II under French law and as provided for in Condition 
3(b) (Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Consequently, should the 
principal and interest of the Subordinated Notes issued on or after 28 December 2020 pursuant 
to the abovementioned Ordinance be fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital, claims related to such 
Subordinated Notes shall have a higher priority ranking than any liabilities resulting from Own 
Funds. As a result, any Series of Subordinated Notes or other capital instruments (including 
instruments initially ranking lower than the Subordinated Notes, such as additional tier 1 
instruments) issued after 28 December 2020 will, if they are no longer recognized as capital 
instruments, change ranking so they will rank senior to the Subordinated Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, such change to a more senior rank would occur over the life of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes automatically as per the terms of their Terms and Conditions without 
consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes. 
As a consequence, if any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, in the event of the voluntary liquidation 
(liquidation amiable) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights 
of payment of holders of Subordinated Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of 
present and future unsubordinated creditors (including depositors, holders of Senior Preferred

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes) or other creditors whose claim ranks in priority to the 
Subordinated Notes and any other present and future creditors whose claims rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including instruments initially ranking junior to the Subordinated Notes 
such as additional tier 1 instruments – issued after 28 December 2020 which are no longer fully 
or partly recognised as capital instruments and which have, consequently, changed ranking 
pursuant to Condition 3(b) (Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
and, consequently, the risk of non-payment for the Subordinated Notes which are recognized 
as capital instruments would be increased. In the event of incomplete payment of 
unsubordinated creditors or other creditors whose claim ranks in priority to the Subordinated 
Notes on the liquidation of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes will be terminated by operation of law and Noteholders will lose their 
investment in the Subordinated Notes.  
Further, there is no restriction on the issuance by the Issuer of additional senior obligations. As 
a consequence, if the Issuer enters into voluntary or judicial liquidation proceedings 
(liquidation amiable or liquidation judiciaire) or is liquidated for any other reason, the Issuer 
will be required to pay potentially substantial amounts of senior obligations (such as the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes) before any payment is made in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes.  
Holders of the Subordinated Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
obligations (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). As a 
consequence, there is a substantial risk that investors in Subordinated Notes will lose all or a 
significant part of their investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to 
certain obligations 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to existing senior debt and Senior Preferred 
Notes and bailed in before such senior debt in the event of resolution under the BRRD II. As a 
result, the non-performance risk on the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk 
associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior 
liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior 
Preferred Notes, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non Preferred Notes will lose 
all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD 
II and the Senior Non Preferred Notes become subject to the application of the general bail-in 
tool (as defined below) or (ii) insolvent. Thus, such holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes face 
an increased performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Notes and could lose 
all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were to enter into resolution or judicial 
liquidation proceedings (liquidation judiciaire). 
The qualification of the Notes (except with respect to Senior Preferred Notes for which 
"Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty  
As provided in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, and Subordinated Notes, 
are intended, for regulatory purposes, to be eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (as defined in Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption of Notes upon 
the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) (the "MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments").

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding the interaction between TLAC and MREL, the Notes 
may not ultimately be MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. If they are not MREL/TLAC-
Eligible Instruments (or if they initially are MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments and 
subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the Relevant Rules), then an MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event will occur, with the consequences indicated in the risk factor entitled 
"Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer" and as a result, Noteholders may lose part of 
their investment in the Notes. 
(c) 
Interest Rate Risks 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b)(i) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. While the nominal interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes is 
fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets ("market 
interest rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market 
value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market 
interest rate increases, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate 
falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate 
may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes if a Noteholder 
were to dispose of such Notes.  
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. A key difference between 
Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot 
be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite 
yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the relevant 
Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest 
income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the 
Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary market (if 
any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on 
any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous 
Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Floating Rate Notes and 
result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes.  
Risks related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks"  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 (Interest and other Calculations) of the Terms 
and Condition of the Notes, the Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be 
determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") published in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR, or CMS 
Rate) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear 
entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked 
to or referencing such a "benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the 
provisions of Condition 5(d) (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, which seek to mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", 
in particular: 
- 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity 
(including the Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or 
registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, 
Noteholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than would have 
been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR 
and CMS Rate): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" 
or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark".  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the 
rate of interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be 
determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes - please 
refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks"" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA 
Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, 
risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which 
applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 
2019 has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the 
transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until 
the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended 
by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 
2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the 
Amending Regulation) which applies as from 13 February 2021.  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or 
wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement 
for certain benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to 
contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-
country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is 
empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. These developments 
could raise incertainty regarding any future regulatory or legislative requirement based on the 
implementing regulations. 
 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
Condition 5(d) (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an 
inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could 
include, without limitation, any mid-swap rate, but shall except €STR, SOFR and SONIA), 
and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer 
permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would 
be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement 
benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the 
Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, including where (a) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined or (b) even if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined by the Independent Adviser, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
is adopted if and to the extent that, in the sole determination of the Issuer, the same would result 
in (x) (except with respect to Senior Preferred Notes for which "Prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (y) the Relevant Regulator treating the next Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date (if, 
for example, the switch to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) would create 
an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be inconsistent with the relevant

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
 
requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes) or (z) (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event or (c) due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time, in all 
these circumstances set out in (a) to (c) above, other fallback rules might apply if the benchmark 
is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) to be used for the following Interest 
Period(s) or Reset Period(s) (as applicable), as set out in the risk factor above entitled "Risks 
related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks"". This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes (as applicable). 
Noteholders might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate 
environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates. Any such consequences 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as a 
consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Resettable Notes. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular 
circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such 
Noteholder.  
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Currently, the market continues to develop in relation to the adoption of the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA") as an alternative reference rate to LIBOR. Investors should be aware 
that the market may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from the 
provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (see Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and 
used in relation to Notes with a floating rate of interest that reference a SONIA rate. Interest on 
Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant interest period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could 
be difficult for investors to estimate in advance the interest amount which will be payable on 
such Notes.  
The use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as a reference rate is subject to 
important limitations 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR, (as further described 
under Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes).  
In June 2017, the New York Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee 
(the "ARRC") announced SOFR as its recommended alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. 
However, the composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of LIBOR. 
SOFR is a broad U.S. Treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding 
transactions. This means that SOFR is fundamentally different from LIBOR for two key 
reasons. First, SOFR is a secured rate, while LIBOR is an unsecured rate. Second, SOFR is an 
overnight rate, while LIBOR represents interbank funding over different maturities. As a result, 
SOFR may not perform in the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including, without

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
 
limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or 
global or regional economic, financial, political, or regulatory events. For example, since 
publication of SOFR began in April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more 
volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates. 
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods 
longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR 
over the relevant interest period or compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As 
a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest 
payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment 
date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable 
on such Notes. 
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR 
information going back to 2014, such prepublication of historical data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. Noteholders should not rely on any historical 
changes or trends in the SOFR as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR. 
Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not 
be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a 
result. Similarly, if the SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the 
trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are 
more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk. 
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of the 
SOFR is subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of the SOFR at any time without notice. In addition, SOFR is published 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on data received from other sources. The 
SOFR could be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to 
the interests of the Noteholders. If the manner in which the SOFR is calculated is changed or if 
SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of the Notes 
which would have an adverse effect on the Noteholders who could lose part of their investment. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes allows Notes referencing the Euro short term rate ("€STR") to be 
issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, as reference 
rate in the capital markets for euro bonds, and its adoption as alternative to the relevant 
interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of 
risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used 
in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well 
as continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or 
could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk 
free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over 
its determination, calculation or publication. The €STR might be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in 
the Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the 
Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR reference 
rate had been provided by the European Central Bank in its current form. Accordingly, an 
investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may entail significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in convention debt securities. 
Resettable Notes 
In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will 
be reset by reference to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, to a Screen Page Reference Bond 
Rate or to a Reference Bond Rate, as the case may be, as adjusted for any applicable margin, 
on the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in 
Condition 5(b)(ii) (Interest on Resettable Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(Interest on Resettable Notes). The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such 
provisions may affect the secondary market for and the market value of such Resettable Notes. 
Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to the Notes, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Resettable Notes may be lower 
than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest. A holder of Resettable Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest 
rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Risk related to Fixed Rate to Variable Formula Notes  
Pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Interest determined in accordance with a formula) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, interest can be determined in accordance with a formula. Fixed 
Rate to Variable Formula Notes initially bear interest at a fixed rate; conversion from a fixed 
rate to a variable rate then takes place following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, either 
automatically or at the option of the Issuer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such 
Notes since the conversion may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is 
converted to a variable rate, the spread on the Fixed Rate to Variable Formula Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable variable rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new variable rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes and any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes. Investors should refer to the risk factors relating to Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
 
Variable Rate to Fixed Formula Notes may have a lower new fixed rate 
Pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Interest determined in accordance with a formula) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, interest can be determined in accordance with a formula. Variable 
Rate to Fixed Formula Notes initially bear interest at a variable rate; conversion from a variable 
rate to a fixed rate then takes place following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, either 
automatically or at the option of the Issuer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The new 
fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on other Notes. Investors should refer to 
the risk factors relating to Fixed Rate Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes. 
Condition 5(e) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero 
Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially 
stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because 
the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero 
Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same maturity and 
credit rating. Therefore, in similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could 
be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes. 
The conversion of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may have an adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes 
Condition 5(h) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows 
for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a 
rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. The Issuer's ability to 
convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
floating rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility 
may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes and Notes linked to formulas contained in the Technical Annex with 
a multiplier or other leverage factor can be particularly volatile investments 
Inflation Linked Notes and Notes linked to formulas contained in the Technical Annex can be 
volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or other leverage factors, or 
caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may be even more 
volatile than those for securities that do not include those features, and such volatility may have 
a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
Additional factors relating to Inflation Linked Notes  
Condition 5(c)(v) (Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes allows for Inflation Linked Notes to be issued. The Issuer may issue Notes with 
principal or interest determined by reference to the rate of inflation in a country or in the 
European Monetary Union ("Inflation Linked Notes"), where interest amounts and/or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
 
principal are dependent upon the performance of an inflation index, which will be one of (i) the 
consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in France or the relevant substitute 
index, as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique et des 
Etudes Economiques ("INSEE") (the "CPI"), or (ii) the harmonised index of consumer prices 
(excluding tobacco), or the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP").  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the inflation indices should be taken as an 
indication of future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Index may 
adversely affect the value of Inflation Linked Interest Notes and as a result, Noteholders could 
lose part of their investment. 
Index Linked Notes  
Condition 5(g) (Interest for Index Linked Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
allows for Index Linked Notes to be issued. The Issuer may therefore issue Notes where the 
amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the level of an index or indices, 
or upon a formula encompassing a combination of a number of components, which can be 
indices, baskets of indices, a percentage or an interest rate. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal 
or interest may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the level of the index or indices or 
any component of the formula may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices or similar components and the timing 
of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices or the components of the formula may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the greater the 
effect on yield. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a 
multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes 
in the level of the index or the indices or the components of the formula on principal or interest 
payable will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the 
redemption date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices or of any component of 
the formula. The level of the index, indices, components or the formula may be affected by the 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including but not limited 
to the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the index, 
indices or the formula may be traded. Holders of such Notes are exposed to the risk that changes 
in the levels of the index or indices or of any component of the formula may adversely affect 
the value of Index Linked Notes and as a result, could lose part of their investment. 
Monetisation 
If the provisions relating to Monetisation apply, a Monetisation Amount shall be paid to 
Noteholders in place of the Final Redemption Amount or the Interest Amount initially 
scheduled to be paid. The Monetisation Formula which is used to determine the Monetisation 
Amount in application of the provisions relating to Monetisation is not known at the time of 
the subscription of Notes by Noteholders and will be determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Monetisation Date. Consequently, Noteholders are exposed to the risks relating to

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
 
uncertainty about the Monetisation Formula which is used to determine the Monetisation 
Amount. In return of the Monetisation, Noteholders shall not benefit from an increase in value 
of the underlying which could occur as a result of such Monetisation. 
2.3 
Risks related to the market of the Notes 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading 
on Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Therefore, the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, 
financial and political events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital 
markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges 
on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the 
purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part of the capital invested by the 
Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of 
Notes which is already in issue). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. Although particular series of Notes may specify in the relevant Final Terms that they 
are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in 
the EEA, a particular Tranche of Notes may not be so admitted or an active trading market may 
not develop. Accordingly, a trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes may not develop 
or may be illiquid.  
As a consequence, Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable 
them to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
 
RETAIL CASCADES 
In the context of any offer of Notes in France that is not within an exemption from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), the Issuer consents to 
the use of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (together, the "Prospectus") in connection 
with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Offer Period") and in France by:  
(1) any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(2) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and recommendations of 
any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in 
each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by 
any person and disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under 
"Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer and takes into 
account the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under 
the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (c) ensures that any fee 
(and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation 
to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (d) holds 
all licences, consents, approvals and permits required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or 
offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; (e) retains investor identification records for at least the 
minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available 
to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to 
comply with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, prevention of corruption and client 
identification applicable to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (f) does not, directly or indirectly, 
cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any 
filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (g) satisfies any further conditions specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, (in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of 
the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with 
applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in France, for the content of the Prospectus in relation to any person 
(an "Investor") in France to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where 
the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance 
by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF.  
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its 
consent to use the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional 
Authorised Offerors after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new 
information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this 
Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms at www.labanquepostale.com.  
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the 
Offer Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to 
publish on its website a statement confirming that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
 
Exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached 
thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any 
Non-Exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the 
Prospectus in connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the 
Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or 
Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, 
and offers and sales of the Notes to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such investor including as to the price, allotment, settlement/delivery arrangements and any 
costs or taxes to be invoiced to the investor (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer"). 
The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with investors (other than Dealers) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer 
shall be provided to investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant investors.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The sections referred to in the table below included in the following documents (see hyperlinks in blue 
below) which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
− 
The Document d’enregistrement universel au 31 décembre 2022 et Rapport Financier Annuel 
in French language of the Issuer, which received filing number D.23-0136 from the AMF on 
22 March 2023, and which includes the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the related statutory auditors’ 
reports (the "2022 Universal Registration Document"); 
− 
The Document d’enregistrement universel au 31 décembre 2021 et Rapport Financier Annuel 
in French language of the Issuer, which received filing number D.22-0130 from the AMF on 
22 March 2022, and which includes the audited consolidated and non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the related statutory auditors’ 
reports (the "2021 Universal Registration Document"); 
− 
The terms and conditions of the notes and the technical annex contained in the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 12 September 2016 (the "2016 EMTN Conditions");  
− 
The terms and conditions of the notes and the technical annex contained in the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 11 September 2017 (the "2017 EMTN Conditions");  
− 
The terms and conditions of the notes and the technical annex contained in the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 5 September 2018 (the "2018 EMTN Conditions");  
− 
The terms and conditions of the notes and the technical annex contained in the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 25 March 2019 (the "2019 EMTN Conditions");  
− 
The terms and conditions of the notes and the technical annex contained in the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 25 March 2020 and in its fifth supplement dated  25 January 2021 (the "2020 
EMTN Conditions"); 
− 
The terms and conditions of the notes and the technical annex contained in the base prospectus 
dated 31 March 2021 (the "2021 EMTN Conditions"); and 
− 
The terms and conditions of the notes and the technical annex contained in the base prospectus 
dated 11 April 2022 (the “2022 EMTN Conditions”).  
Such information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus, the 2022 Universal Registration Document, the 2021 Universal Registration 
Document, the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 
2019 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the 2021 EMTN Conditions and the 2022 EMTN 
Conditions will be available on the websites of the Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com) and the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms related to the Notes listed and admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the website of the AMF at (www.amf-france.org).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
 
The free English translations of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Universal 
Registration Document are available on, and may be obtained without charge from, the website of the 
Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com).   
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is set out in the following cross-reference tables below. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the "Commission 
Delegated Regulation") is referred to in the cross-reference tables below. 
Non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference this Base Prospectus are either not 
relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the 
list below, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by 
reference herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the 
 
issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
 
obligations under the securities, in a limited number of 
 
categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment 
of the issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to 
trading on a regulated market, taking into account the 
negative impact on the issuer and the probability of their 
occurrence, shall be set out first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of the registration document. 
 
428-440 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer: 
 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
 
2 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the issuer, its 
 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
 
(‘LEI’); 
 
2 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of 
 
the issuer, except where the period is indefinite; 
 
2 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its 
 
2

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
 
number of its registered office (or principal place 
 
of business if different from its registered office) 
 
and website of the issuer, if any; 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the 
 
issuer’s activities 
 
509 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
5.1 
Principal activities: 
 
 
5.1.1 
A description of the issuer's principal activities, 
including: 
(a) 
the main categories of products sold 
and/or services performed; 
(b) 
an indication of any significant new 
products or activities; 
(c) 
the principal markets in which the issuer 
competes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24-34 
 
 
24-34 
 
24-34 
5.2 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding 
its competitive position. 
 
228-238 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the 
group and of the issuer’s position within the group. This 
may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
 
19-20 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, 
MANAGEMENT, 
AND 
SUPERVISORY BODIES 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer 
of the following persons, and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of that issuer where 
these are significant with respect to that issuer: 
 
 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
 
162-211

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies 
conflicts of interests  
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the 
issuer of the persons referred to in item 9.1 and their private 
interests and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the 
event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
 
 
 
193-194; 210 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer 
is directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom, 
and describe the nature of such control, and describe the 
measures in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
 
16-17 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering 
 
the latest two financial years (or such shorter 
 
period as the issuer has been in operation) and the 
 
audit report in respect of each year. 
232-3681; 369-4112 
258-3841; 385-4212  
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards  
 
 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
232-368; 369-411 
258-384; 385-421  
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not 
applicable, the financial information must be 
prepared in accordance with either: 
 
 
(a) 
a Member State’s national accounting 
standards for issuers from the EEA, as 
required by the Directive 2013/34/EU; 
 
 
(b) 
a third country’s national accounting 
standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
 
 
                                                     
 
1 Audited consolidated financial statements and the relevant audit report   
2 Audited annual financial statements and the relevant audit report

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
If 
such 
third 
country’s 
national 
accounting standards are not equivalent 
to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, the 
financial statements shall be restated in 
compliance with that Regulation. 
11.1.6 
Consolidated Financial statements 
232-362 
258-378 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document. 
11.1.7  Age of financial information  
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information statements may not be older 
than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document. 
 
259 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
 
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information must 
be independently audited. The audit report shall 
be prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation 
(EU) No 537/2014 do not apply, the historical 
financial information must be audited or reported 
on as to whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and fair view 
in accordance with auditing standards applicable 
in a Member State or an equivalent standard.  
11.3.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and 
such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
363-368; 408-411 
 
 
 
 
 
 
363; 408 
 
379-384; 418-421 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N/A 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.4.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
 
arbitration proceedings (including any such 
 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
 
433-434; 559

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
2021 
Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
2022 Universal 
Registration 
Document  
(page number) 
 
which the issuer is aware), during a period 
 
covering at least the previous 12 months which 
 
may have, or have had in the recent past, 
 
significant effects on the issuer and/or group's 
 
financial position or profitability, or provide an 
 
appropriate negative statement. 
12. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
12.1 
Share Capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes 
of the shares of which it is composed with details of their 
principal characteristics, the part of the issued capital still 
to be paid up with an indication of the number, or total 
nominal value and the type of the shares not yet fully paid 
up, broken down where applicable according to the extent 
to which they have been paid up. 
 
 
 
2; 17; 259; 261; 341 
12.2  
Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The register and the entry number therein, if applicable, 
and a description of the issuer’s objects and purposes and 
where they can be found in the memorandum and articles 
of association. 
 
 
572-581 
13. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
13.1 
A brief summary of all material contracts that are not 
 
entered into in the ordinary course of the issuer's business, 
 
which could result in any group member being under an 
 
obligation or entitlement that is material to the issuer's 
 
ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect 
 
of the securities being issued.  
 
582

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
 
The 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 
EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions and the 2021 EMTN Conditions are incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 
2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2021 EMTN Conditions or the 2022 EMTN Conditions. 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Reference 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 39 to 83 
2017 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 106 to 225 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 110 to 229 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 121 to 214 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 46 to 202 of the base prospectus dated 
25 March 2020 and pages 16 to 19 of its fifth 
supplement dated 25 January 2021 
2021 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 49 to 202 
2022 EMTN Conditions  
Pages 49 to 204 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 12 September 2016, 11 September 
2017, 5 September 2018, 25 March 2019, 25 March 2020 and of the fifth supplement dated 25 January 
2021, 31 March 2021 and 11 April 2022 are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for 
the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 as amended, or publish a 
replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent listing and admission to trading 
on a regulated market, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the AMF for approval and 
supply each Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement to the 
Base Prospectus as may reasonably be requested. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are 
offered through a Non-Exempt Offer, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for 
Notes before any supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after the 
publication of this supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose 
or was noted before the closing of the Non-Exempt Offer or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs 
first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The 
applicable period and the final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes, the Technical Annex and Part 
1 of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be 
constituted by the following text as completed by the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes, the Technical Annex and Part 1 of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, 
either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes, the Technical Annex and Part 1 of the Final 
Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion 
of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed or attached on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes, the Technical Annex and Part 1 of the 
relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not 
to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 24 April 2023 has been agreed between La Banque 
Postale (the "Issuer"), BNP Paribas as fiscal agent and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as calculation agent, (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agent(s), the redenomination agent, 
the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below 
respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agent(s)" (which expression shall include the Fiscal 
Agent), the "Redenomination Agent", the "Consolidation Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)". 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below. References herein to "these Terms and Conditions" shall, where the context admits, 
include the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes (the "Additional Conditions 
applicable to Index Linked Notes") and the Technical Annex (the "Technical Annex") set out at the 
end of these Conditions and shall be deemed to form part hereof. 
Copy of the Agency Agreement is available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified 
offices of the Fiscal Agent. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market 
situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, and "day" or "days" means calendar days 
unless the context otherwise specifies. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") 
or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles 
L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in 
the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"), in either bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder in 
either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
"Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form ("Materialised Bearer Notes"). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons 
(the "Coupons" and each, a "Coupon") and, where appropriate, a talon (the 
"Talons" and each a "Talon") attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, securities (such as the Notes) which are governed by 
French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French 
territory. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)").  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts 
of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue ("Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes"), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the holder of any Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not 
it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any 
writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or 
"Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose 
name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note and the Coupons ("Couponholder"), or Talon relating to it. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, 
by giving at least 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 14 and on or 
after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency 
the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the 
single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided 
in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the "EC"), as amended 
from time to time (the "Treaty")), or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects (in either case, "EMU"), redenominate all, but 
not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such 
redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the "Redenomination Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national 
currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable 
regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest Euro 
0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure 
resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the 
nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 
shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in 
Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum denomination of each 
redenominated Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
circumstances which require the publication of a Base Prospectus under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 shall not be less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency at the Issue Date). 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms 
to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to 
these Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any change to 
any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal 
financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis 
or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
 
interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence 
of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any 
currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates 
(each an "Issue Date") and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in 
respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
fungible with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a "Tranche") on the same or different Issue Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(except the Issue Date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the 
Tranche), which will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series will 
be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any 
such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article 
R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall 
be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The potential impact on the investment in the event of resolution of the Issuer is detailed in 
Condition 15 (Recognition of Bail-in).

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
 
(a) 
Status (Senior Notes) 
Senior Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The ability to issue Senior Non Preferred Notes, as provided by Condition 3(a)(ii) 
below, is provided by Article 151 of the Loi relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre 
la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique (the "Sapin 2 Law"), which 
has amended Article L.613-30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier to create a 
new "senior non preferred notes" ranking. The Sapin 2 Law was definitively adopted 
by the French parliament on 9 November 2016 and entered into force following its 
publication to the Official Journal of the French Republic (Journal Officiel de la 
République Française) on 12 December 2016 (the "Effective Date"). 
(i) 
If the Notes are "Senior Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Preferred 
Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred 
Obligations; 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred 
exceptions. 
 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation amiable or liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or 
any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment 
under the Senior Preferred Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred 
exceptions; and 
(B) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations 
If permitted by the MREL/TLAC Requirements and if "Prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. The obligations of the Issuer and 
the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall not be affected if 
the Senior Preferred Notes no longer qualify as eligible liabilities to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem 
the Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 6(n). 
(ii) 
If the Notes are "Senior Non Preferred Notes", the Notes will be Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations and the Notes and (if applicable) the relative Coupons 
are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will at all times rank: 
(A) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations;  
(B) 
senior to Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations and any other present or future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations; and

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
 
(C) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred 
exceptions and to Senior Preferred Obligations. 
 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation amiable or liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy 
proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of 
Noteholders to payment under the Senior Non Preferred Notes rank: 
(A) 
junior to Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(B) 
senior to any Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily 
Subordinated Obligations and any other present or future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non Preferred 
Obligations. 
"Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations" means any subordinated obligations or other 
instruments (including subordinated securities issued pursuant to Article L. 228-97 of 
the French Code de commerce) issued by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to 
rank, pari passu among themselves, and are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs granted to 
the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang).  
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any senior (chirographaires) obligations 
(including the Senior Non Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the 
Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described 
in Articles L.613-30-3–I-4° and R.613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier.  
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any senior (chirographaires) obligations 
(including the Senior Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 
L.613-30-3–I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all Senior Notes issued prior to the Effective Date constitute 
since the Effective Date, Senior Preferred Obligations. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non Preferred Notes shall be treated, for 
regulatory purposes, as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements. The obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non Preferred Notes no 
longer qualify as eligible liabilities to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, 
in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Non Preferred Notes in 
accordance with Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event). 
In the event that the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from 
time to time) exercises write down and conversion powers in respect of the Senior 
Notes in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD II or any successor requirement, the 
principal amount of the Senior Notes shall be written down on a permanent basis or 
converted to instruments qualifying as common equity tier 1 instruments in accordance 
with applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
 
(b) 
Status (Subordinated Notes)  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes 
be treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital. Condition 3(b)(i) will apply in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes for so long as such Subordinated Notes are treated 
for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital (such Subordinated Notes being hereafter 
referred to as "Qualifying Subordinated Notes"). Should the principal and interest of 
any outstanding Qualifying Subordinated Notes be fully excluded from Tier 2 Capital 
("Disqualification Event") (Subordinated Notes affected by a Disqualification Event 
being hereafter referred to as "Disqualified Subordinated Notes"), Condition 3(b)(ii) 
will automatically replace and supersede Condition 3(b)(i) for such Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes without the need for any action from the Issuer and without 
consultation of the holders of such Subordinated Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 228-97 of 
the French Code de commerce. 
(i) 
Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject as provided in sub-
paragraph (ii) below, their principal and interest constitute and will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in accordance 
with Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et 
financier created by Ordinance No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 
relating to the resolution regime in the banking sector implementing Article 
48(7) of BRRD II under French law) of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and pari passu with any obligations or instruments of 
the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations.  
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, 
bankruptcy proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, 
the rights of the holders in respect of principal and interest to payment under 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes will be: 
(A)  
subordinated to the full payment of: 
(1) 
the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer; 
(2) 
any subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank senior 
to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes;  
(3) 
any Disqualified Subordinated Note issued by the Issuer; and 
(4) 
Eligible Creditors of the Issuer; and 
(B) 
paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres 
participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (obligations dites "super subordonnées" i.e. 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
(ii) 
Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Disqualified Subordinated Notes, their principal and interest 
constitute and will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
 
subordinated obligations (in accordance with Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-
30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier created by Ordinance 
No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the 
banking sector implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD II under French law) of 
the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu (a) among themselves and (b) with 
any and all instruments that have (or will have) such rank (including for the 
avoidance of doubt instruments issued on or after 28 December 2020 initially 
treated as additional tier 1 capital and which subsequently lost such treatment). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, 
bankruptcy proceedings, or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, 
the rights of the holders in respect of principal and interest to payment under 
the Disqualified Subordinated Notes will be: 
(A) 
subordinated to the full payment of: 
(1) 
the unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer; and 
(2) 
any subordinated creditor ranking or expressed to rank senior 
to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes; and  
(B) 
paid in priority to Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer, any prêts participatifs granted 
to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (obligations dites "super 
subordonnées" i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
"Eligible Creditors" means creditors holding subordinated claims (including 
subordinated securities issued pursuant to Article L. 228-97 of the French Code 
de commerce) that rank or are expressed to rank (i) senior to obligations or 
instruments of the Issuer that constitute Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations 
and (ii) junior to Disqualified Subordinated Notes. 
In the event that the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (and/or any other 
authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from 
time to time) exercises write down and conversion powers in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD II or any successor 
requirement, the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes shall be written down on 
a permanent basis or converted to instruments qualifying as common equity tier 1 
instruments in accordance with applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
(c) 
Waiver of Set-Off 
No holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived 
Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire 
against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any 
and all agreements or other instruments of any sort, whether or not relating to such 
Note, Coupon or Talon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all 
Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to 
all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 3(c) is intended to provide, or 
shall be construed as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting,

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 
compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available 
to any holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon but for this Condition 3(c). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all 
rights of or claims of any holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon for deduction, set-off, 
netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or 
in connection with any Note, Coupon or Talon. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Senior Preferred Notes (except if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Coupons on such Notes 
remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, 
pledge, lien or other security interest upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, revenues or 
assets, present or future, in order to secure any Indebtedness, without at the same time according 
to the Notes the same, or substantially the same, security.  
This provision does not apply to Senior Preferred Notes (only if "Prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4 and Condition 9: "Indebtedness'' means any indebtedness 
of the Issuer which is in the form of or represented by any bond (obligation) or note or any 
other security which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange 
or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market). 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below.  
Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Definitions and in the ISDA Definitions 
have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes 
of such Series (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org). 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, (including each Matrix (and any successor 
Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of such 
Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org). 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem or any successor system (the "T2") is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro (a "T2 Business Day"); and/or  
(ii) 
in the case of a specified currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
 
payments in the principal financial centre for that currency (which if the 
specified currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual 
Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365 — FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation 
Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, Actual /365 — FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and 
whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number 
of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual — ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to but excluding the next 
Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated 
on a formula basis as follows:  
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅 = 
[𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑 𝐱𝐱 (𝐘𝐘𝟐𝟐 −𝐘𝐘𝟏𝟏)] + [𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑 𝐱𝐱 (𝐌𝐌𝟐𝟐 −𝐌𝐌𝟏𝟏)]+ (𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐 −𝐃𝐃𝟏𝟏)
𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows:  
"𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐮𝐮𝐮𝐮𝐮𝐮 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅" = 
[𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑 𝐱𝐱 (𝐘𝐘𝟐𝟐 −𝐘𝐘𝟏𝟏)] + [𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑 𝐱𝐱 (𝐌𝐌𝟐𝟐 −𝐌𝐌𝟏𝟏)]+ (𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐 −𝐃𝐃𝟏𝟏)
𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
"𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅" = 
𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑 𝐱𝐱 (𝐘𝐘𝟐𝟐 −𝐘𝐘𝟏𝟏)] + [𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑 𝐱𝐱 (𝐌𝐌𝟐𝟐 −𝐌𝐌𝟏𝟏)]+ (𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐 −𝐃𝐃𝟏𝟏)
𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑𝟑
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that 
have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented 
by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française (together the FBF Master Agreement) as may be supplemented 
or amended as at the Issue Date.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.  
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the 
case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business 
Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date.  
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Margin" means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect 
to the applicable Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, it 
being specified that such margin can have a positive or a negative value or be equal to 
zero. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms and calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or €STR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in 
each case selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which 
shall be either EURIBOR, CMS Rate, TEC10, €STR, SOFR or SONIA (or any 
successor or replacement rate). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
 
other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the 
person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes:  
(i) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
or in advance as specified in the applicable Final Terms on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the 
particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Interest on Resettable Notes 
Each Note which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Resettable 
Note (a "Resettable Note") will bear interest on its outstanding principal 
amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but 
excluding) the First Resettable Note Reset Date at the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date or, if no such 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Maturity Date, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being a Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date and on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Maturity Date. The first payment of interest will be made on the first Resettable 
Note Interest Payment Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
following the Interest Commencement Date. 
In this Condition 5(b)(ii): 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
"First Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms, provided, however, that if the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First 
Resettable Note Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback 
Provision for Resettable Notes) below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) below, the rate of interest being determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Rate plus the First Margin, adjusted as necessary; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means the initial rate of interest per annum specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means, subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback 
Provision for Resettable Notes) below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) below, for any Reset Period the mean of the bid 
and offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period 
and commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means (subject to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark discontinuation)) below, if applicable) 
(i) 
where the Specified Currency is euro, EURIBOR; and 
(ii) 
where the Specified Currency is a currency other than euro, such other 
reference rate as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and 
subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes) below 
or (if applicable) to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, either:

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Reference Banks" means (i) if the Reset Rate is a Mid-Swap Rate (as 
specified in the Final Terms), the principal office in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks (other than the Issuer) in 
the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute or (ii) if the Reset Rate is a Reference 
Bond Rate (as specified in the Final Terms), four banks (other than the Issuer)  
which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute;  
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period, as the case may be, the 
Reference Bond specified in the Final Terms or, if no Reference Bond is 
specified therein or if the relevant Reference Bond is no longer outstanding at 
the relevant time, a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute as having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same 
currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset 
Period;  
"Reference Bond Rate" means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross 
redemption yield (as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
generally accepted market practice at such time) on a semi-annual 
compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Reference Bond in respect of that

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
Reset Period, with the price of the Reference Bond for this purpose being the 
arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices of such 
Reference Bond quoted by the Reference Banks, as at approximately 11.00 
a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency, on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next 
following dealing day. If at least four quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bond Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate 
will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one 
quotation is provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be the rounded quotation 
provided. If no quotations are provided, the Reference Bond Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following 
consultation with the Issuer; 
"Reference Bond Rate Screen Page" means the Bloomberg screen specified 
in the Final Terms, or such other screen page as may replace it on Bloomberg 
or, as the case may be, on such other information service that may replace 
Bloomberg, in each case, as may be nominated by the person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying 
comparable rates; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, in respect 
of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset 
Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Rate" means (a) if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate, (b) if Reference Bond Rate is specified in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Reference Bond Rate or (c) if Screen Page Reference Bond 
Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Screen Page Reference Bond 
Rate;  
"Resettable Note Reset Date" means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the 
Second Resettable Note Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note 
Reset Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if 
the date specified in the relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Screen Page Reference Bond Rate" means in respect of a Reset Period, the 
generic bid yield (unless the Specified Currency is pounds sterling in which 
case the Screen Page Reference Bond Rate means in respect of a Reset Period, 
the mid yield (calculated as the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered yield)) 
for government bonds in the Specified Currency having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date by

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
 
reference to the Reference Bond Rate Screen Page or such successor, 
replacement or other screen page or section as may then display the relevant 
information at the relevant time; if on the relevant Reset Determination Date, 
the Reference Bond Rate Screen Page is not available or no such rate appears 
on the Reference Bond Rate Screen Page on the relevant Reset Determination 
Date, the Reference Bond Rate shall be deemed to be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being the Reset Rate and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Reference Bond Rate accordingly; 
"Second Resettable Note Reset Date" means the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; provided, however, that if the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not a Business Day, then such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second 
Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset 
Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Resettable Note Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent 
Reset Period and subject to Condition 5(b)(iii) (Fallback Provision for 
Resettable Notes) below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) below, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Reset Rate plus the applicable Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary. 
(iii) 
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes 
If the Reset Rate is a Mid-Swap Rate: If on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined above) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the 
relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean of the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(b)(iii), the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall 
be determined to be the rate of interest as at the last preceding Resettable Note 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Notification of Rate of Interest for Resettable Notes 
The Calculation Agent will give notice to the Noteholders of the First Reset 
Rate of Interest and (if applicable) the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
General: The underlying of the Notes may be a FBF Rate, an ISDA Rate, a 
Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR, CMS Rate, TEC10, €STR, SOFR or 
SONIA) or an inflation index (being either CPI or the HICP), all as defined 
below. Information regarding each of these underlyings can be found: with 
respect to the FBF Rate in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A), with respect to the ISDA Rate 
in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B), with respect to EURIBOR in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C), 
with respect to CMS Rate in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(d), with respect to TEC10 
in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(e), with respect to €STR in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(f), 
with respect to SOFR in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(g), with respect to SONIA in 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(h), with respect to CPI in Condition 5(c)(v)(A) and with 
respect to HICP in Condition 5(c)(v)(B). 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Notes 
bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in advance, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date or, if 
“SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is applicable on each Delayed Interest 
Payment Date (for the avoidance of doubt any reference herein to Interest 
Payment Date shall be deemed to refer to the Delayed Interest Payment Date if 
“SOFR Compound with Payment Delay” is applicable). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) or Delayed Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month 
in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
according to the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that 
Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux 
Variable), 
"Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date" 
(Date 
de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) 
have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, 
provided that "Euribor" means the rate calculated for deposits in euro 
which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully described 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating if (i) "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 
ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (together, the "ISDA Definitions") and 
under which: 
(a) 
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
(b) 
the "Designated Maturity", if applicable, is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(c) 
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period or such other date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(d) 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, the relevant "Fixing 
Day" is the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
(e) 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, the "Effective Date" is, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date; 
(f) 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, the "Termination Date" 
is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the last date of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period; 
(g) 
if 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
applies, 
the 
relevant 
"Calculation Period" is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions for which purpose references to 
"Effective Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, 
the Issue Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); and 
(h) 
if 2021 ISDA Definitions applies, if the Floating Rate 
Option specified in the Final Terms is an "Overnight 
Floating Rate Option" and "Compounding" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms; 
- "Delayed Payment" will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number 
of days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or 
(y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, 
five (5); 
- "OIS Compounding" will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms; 
- "Compounding with Lookback" will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the 
"Lookback" is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the Lookback for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); 
- "Compounding with Observation Period Shift" will 
be applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if so, "Set in Advance" will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, "Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Day" is as specified in the Final 
Terms, and the "Observation Period Shift" is either (x) 
as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number 
specified as the Observation Period Shift for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or 
(z) if no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- "Compounding with Lockout" will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout 
Period Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms 
and the "Lockout" is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Final Terms, the number specified as the Lockout for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 5(c)(iv)(B), except as otherwise 
defined in such sub-paragraph, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate 
Option", "Calculation Agent", "Reset Date", "Compounding with 
Lockout", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift", "Delayed Payment", "Designated 
Maturity", "Effective Date", "Lockout Period Business Day", 
"Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation Period Shift", "OIS 
Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Period End 
Date", "Set in Advance", "Swap Transaction", "Compounding", 
"Calculation Period", "Termination Date", "Fixing Day", 
"Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions where 
applicable. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) below, be either:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-
paragraph (C)(a)(1) applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 
(C)(a)(2) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time 
specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of 
the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark discontinuation) below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date: (i) the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the CMS Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; (ii) if at least three 
of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest quotations and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations) and (iii) if 
on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of 
the CMS Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the 
Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance 
with the then prevailing standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (d): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference 
Currency is Euro, the principal office of five leading swap 
dealers in the inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference 
Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five 
leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the 
principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers 
in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of 
any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Financial Centre" means, with respect to a 
Reference Currency, the financial centre specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Specified Time" and 
"Relevant Screen Page" shall have the meaning given to 
those terms in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Relevant Swap Rate" means:  
(A) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-
market annual swap rate determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative 
Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit 
in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the then prevailing standard market practice or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions; and 
(B) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency 
or if the Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-
market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being TEC10, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
TEC10 + Margin. 
"TEC10" means the offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO3, 
calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire 
("CNO"), which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being 
the caption "TEC10" on the Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page 
or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, TEC10 does not appear 
on Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page, 
(i) it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference OAT 
(Obligation Assimilable du Trésor) which would have been 
used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the 
calculation of the relevant rate, quoted in each case by five 
Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. 
Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) 
the Calculation Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs 
du Trésor to provide a quotation of its price; and (iii) TEC10 
will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such 
prices as determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding 
the highest and lowest of such quotations. The above 
mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would 
have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire 
for the determination of the relevant rate. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, 
established in April 1996, is the percentage yield (rounded to 
the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury 
Bond 
(Obligation 
Assimilable 
du 
Trésor, 
"OAT") 
corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield to 
maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") 
whose periods to maturity are closest in duration to the 
notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being of 
                                                     
 
3 
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
less than 10 years and the other Reference OAT's duration 
being greater than 10 years.  
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for 
the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of T2 Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any 
particular T2 Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation 
Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the 
last T2 Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any 
particular T2 Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
 
Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before 
the end of the first T2 Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate 
of €STR for each T2 Business Day occurring on or after the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and 
both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and 
shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notice). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
(though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of 
€STR for each T2 Business Day occurring on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the 
latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (f): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
€STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means 
the occurrence of one or more of the following events, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which 
states 
that 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date” means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of 
the European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-
term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to 
time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate 
on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of those 
countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank;

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(i) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended 
before the end of the first T2 Business Day following 
the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the thirty 
(30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR 
for each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest 
rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by 
the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator) and published on the Website of 
the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 
9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-
term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of 
the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt 
time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, 
the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states 
that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an €STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR 
is no longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant T2 Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest 
Payment Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR 
plus the EDFR Spread; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website 
of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
currently 
at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank. 
(g) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SOFR, the 
Rate of Interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
(1) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or 
minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), as calculated by the Calculation Agent, where the 
SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used 
for the days in the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest 
Payment Date (excluded);  
(2) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(3) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(4) 
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND 
plus 
or 
minus 
(as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(5) 
if SOFR Compound with Payment Delay is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT 
DELAY plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(g): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the 
Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, any determination, decision 
or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(g), including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; 
and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, shall 
become effective without consent from the holders of the 
Notes or any other party. 
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the 
SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
 
Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage 
being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (“i+1”); 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, 
SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date 
specified in the Final Terms; 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that the 
SOFR with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date 
in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be 
the SOFR with respect to the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
for such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate 
of return of a daily compounded interest investment (with the 
SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of 
each Interest Accrual Period, the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each 
Interest Payment Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in 
the Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means, for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
Accrual Period, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to that 
day “i”; 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of 
return of a daily compounded interest investment (with the 
SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each each 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect 
of each Interest Accrual Period, the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each 
Interest Payment Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, SOFR in respect of that day 
“i”;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified 
in the Final Terms;  
“Observation Period” in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from, and including, the 
date “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual 
Period to, but excluding, the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period. 
“SOFR COMPOUND WITH PAYMENT DELAY” means 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day following each Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage 
being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, 
each representing the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in chronological order 
from, and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Delayed Interest Payment Dates” shall be the dates 
occurring the number of Business Days equal to the 
Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period 
Date; provided that the Delayed Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
 
will be the Maturity Date or other date for the 
redemption of the Notes; 
“Interest Determination Date” means the Interest 
Period Date at the end of each Interest Accrual Period; 
provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period will be the 
SOFR Rate Cut-off Date;  
“Interest Period Dates” shall be the dates specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and ending on the Maturity 
Date or other date for the redemption of the Notes; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (“i+1”);  
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, SOFR in respect of that day “i”; and 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date or redemption date, as 
applicable.  
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay with respect to the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the period 
from and including the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
but excluding the Maturity Date or other date for the 
redemption of the Notes, as applicable, shall be the 
level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date. 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day as published 
by the New York Federal Reserve, as the administrator 
of such rate (or a successor administrator), on the New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve’s 
(or 
such 
successor 
administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the immediately following U.S.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (i) above, unless both a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate in respect of the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
(or such successor administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that 
has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that 
has been selected by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and 
(b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR or 
the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set 
forth in the order presented in clause (iii) of the definition of 
“SOFR” that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date.  
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected 
or 
recommended 
by 
the 
Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, 
with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to 
the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer 
decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, 
in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or another 
entity appointed by the Issuer determine is reasonably 
necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur 
of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the later of (a) the 
date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the 
Benchmark; or

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but 
earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component);  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator 
for 
the 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency 
or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no 
longer representative.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
“ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any 
successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives 
published from time to time, as the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org). 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to 
be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date 
with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
 “New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website 
of 
the 
New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve, 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
New York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor 
administrator of SOFR. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR 
Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer after giving effect tothe Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
or any successor thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD” 
means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
“Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement” 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
excluding 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
 
(h) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being SONIA, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that reference rate for 
the calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight 
reference) plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing 
the relevant 
London 
Banking 
Day 
in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
“ni” means, for any London Banking Day “i, the number of 
calendar days from and including such London Banking Day 
“i” up to but excluding the following London Banking Day 
(“i+1”); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of London Banking Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the Final Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average rate in respect of such London Banking Day as

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking 
Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, for any London Banking Day “i” 
falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in 
respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
If, in respect of that London Banking Day “i-pLBD”, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) determines that the SONIA is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: (i) 
the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than 
one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank 
of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to 
be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final 
Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the 
purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available 
or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for 
the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Accrual Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes 
shall, for so long as any such Notes remains outstanding, be 
that determined on such date. 
(v) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in France, as calculated and published by the Institut 
National de la Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") 
("CPI") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this 
Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the 
meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall 
apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
CPI (the "CPI Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will 
be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant Final 
Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below). 
The CPI Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(1) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date 
(an "Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent 
will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(A), the "Inflation 
Index Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on 
any Interest Payment Date, as the case may be and (ii) the base 
reference defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
(as defined below) applicable on the date specified in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
(the 
"Base 
Reference"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to six significant figures (with halves being rounded 
up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation 
to the first day of any given calendar month, the CPI Monthly

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and 
(ii) in relation to a day D (other than the first day) in any given 
calendar month ("M"), the linear interpolation of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third 
calendar month preceding such month ("M – 3") and the 
second calendar month preceding such month ("M – 2") 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3 +
𝐷𝐷−1
𝑁𝑁𝑁𝑁M ×
(CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−2 −CPI Monthly Reference IndexM−3)  
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in 
the case of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 
25; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 
2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the CPI 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 
3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to six significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg FRCPXTOB Index 
<GO> pages and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case 
of doubt in the interpretation of the methods used to calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall be interpreted by 
reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury 
(Trésor) for its obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées 
sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" means the definitive 
consumer price index excluding tobacco for all households in 
France, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE as 
such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as 
provided herein. 
(2) 
The calculation method described below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association 
(Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) 
in its July 2011 Paper entitled ‘Inflation linked bonds”. In the 
case of any conflict between the calculation method provided 
below and the calculation method provided by the French

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the 
calculation method provided by the French Bond Association 
(Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
 (i) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index 
shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI 
Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under 
the heading "indice de substitution". Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, it 
shall automatically apply from the day following its 
release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM =
CPI Monthly Reference Index M−1 ×
CPI Monthly Reference Index M−1
CPI Monthly Reference Index M−13
1
12   
(ii) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained 
on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of 
the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in 
accordance with the following equation: 
Key =
 CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis  
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis = CPI Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous Basis ×  Key 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) 
measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as 
calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is 
specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 
5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have the meanings 
set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(v)(B) shall apply.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the 
HICP ("HICP Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each 
Interest Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will 
be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant Final 
Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below). 
The HICP Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(1) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date 
(an "Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent 
will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(B), the "Inflation 
Index Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on 
any Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case 
may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the HICP Daily 
Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the 
date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Base 
Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iii), the IIR will 
be rounded if necessary to six significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in 
relation to the first day of any given calendar month, the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index of the third calendar month 
preceding such month, and (ii) in relation to a day D (other 
than the first day) in any given month ("M"), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining 
respectively to the third calendar month preceding such month 
("M – 3") and the second calendar month preceding such 
month ("M – 2") calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−3 +
D−1
NDM × (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−2 −HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−3 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the 
case of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in 
the case of payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 
25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 
2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the HICP 
Monthly Reference Index published in relation to month M - 
3.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(j)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to six significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters 
page OATEI01, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on 
Bloomberg page CPTFEMU  Index <GO>. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" means to the harmonised 
index of consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index 
may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided 
herein. The first publication or announcement of a level of 
such index for a given month shall be final and conclusive and 
later revisions to the level for such month will not be used in 
any calculations. 
(i) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index 
(the "Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has 
already been published by Eurostat, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly 
Reference Index is released, it shall automatically 
apply from the day following its release to all 
calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM =
 HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−1 ×
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM−1
HICP Monthly Reference Index𝑀𝑀−13
1
12 
(ii) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained 
on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in 
accordance with the following equation:

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
Key =
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous  basis 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D New Basis =
HICP Monthly Reference IndexDate D Previous Basis ×  Key 
(d) 
Benchmark discontinuation  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and 
Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component 
part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Conditions 5(b)(iii) and 5(c)(iv) (for the avoidance of doubt, it shall not apply to €STR, 
SOFR and SONIA).  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which 
an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(d)(ii)) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(d)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(d) shall act in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 5(d). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(d)(iv)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(d)); or  
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, 
then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5(d)(iv)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(d)).

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(d) and the Independent Adviser determines 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (A) that amendments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, Reset 
Determination Date, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(d)(v), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(d), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this 
Condition 5(d). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Regulatory Capital / Eligible Liabilities 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d), no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any 
Benchmark Amendments be effected, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected either (i) 
(in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (only if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) to result in an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, or 
(ii) (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (only if "Prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes) in the Relevant

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
 
Regulator treating the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date (if, for example, the switch to 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) would create an 
incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be inconsistent with the 
relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes) 
or (iii) (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event or an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event. In such circumstances, the fallbacks 
specified in Conditions 5(b)(iii) and 5(c)(iv) will be applicable in accordance 
with their terms. 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable), no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision, the fallbacks for the Original Reference Rate specified in Conditions 
5(b)(iii) and 5(c)(iv), namely the Rate of Interest determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as 
applicable) will continue to apply to such determination. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(d), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark 
Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(d) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), the 
fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Conditions 
5(b)(iii) and 5(c)(iv), will continue to apply in accordance with their terms). 
This may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in question. 
(viii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(d): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor 
Rate where (A) above does not apply), is customary in 
international debt capital market transactions for transactions

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may 
be, the Successor Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5(d) and 
which is customary in international debt capital markets transactions for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:   
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or 
before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) 
the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case within the following six months;  
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its method of 
calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as applicable, become unlawful for

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
 
the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any 
Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under 
Condition 5(d)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); 
or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), 
(iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating 
Body and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or 
replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or replacement 
rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon and is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount 
due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of 
such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
 
such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(i)(i)). 
(f) 
Interest determined in accordance with a formula: The Interest Amount in respect 
of the Notes payable on any Interest Payment Date shall, if so specified in the Final 
Terms, be determined in accordance with one of the formulas contained in the 
Technical Annex which is supplemental to these Conditions. 
(g) 
Interest for Index Linked Notes: The Interest Amount in respect of the Index Linked 
Notes on any Interest Payment Date shall be, as specified in the Final Terms, 
determined in accordance with the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes and the Technical Annex. 
(h) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) 
that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed 
Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to 
a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before 
judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8). 
(j) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance 
with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be, 
provided that in no event, will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case 
of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
"unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country(ies) of such currency.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
 
(k) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note (other than any 
Zero Coupon Note, any Note to which Condition 5(e) applies or any Index Linked 
Note) for any period shall be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of 
Interest or the Initial Rate of Interest, First Reset Rate of Interest or (if applicable) 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (in the case of Resettable Notes) and the 
outstanding principal amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate 
the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest or a 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in respect of Resettable Notes, the Interest Amounts 
for each Interest Accrual Period falling within the relevant Reset Period), calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, 
the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agent(s), the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated 
Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any 
rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
(m) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all 
times be one or more Calculation Agent(s) if provision is made for them in the relevant 
Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined below). Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the 
Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that 
is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 14. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other 
than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those 
in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant Account 
Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as 
provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the relevant 
account with, or, by check drawn on, a Bank as provided in Condition 7(b) and remain 
available for payment against presentation and surrender of Bearer Materialised Notes 
and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of 
which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and that 
are held or have been cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of 
Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Bearer Materialised Notes that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Bearer Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the 
purpose only of determining how many such Bearer Materialised Notes are outstanding 
and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Bearer Materialised 
Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Bearer Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate 
to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (which, in the case of Subordinated Notes, shall be at least five 
years after the Issue Date of the relevant first Tranche) at its Final Redemption Amount 
which is (i) its principal amount (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes); (ii) an amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(h), if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms; (iii) an amount determined in accordance with the Additional Conditions 
applicable to Index Linked Notes and the Technical Annex, if the Notes are Index 
Linked Notes or (iv) an amount determined in accordance with the Technical Annex, 
if Zero Coupon French Inflation, Zero Coupon HICP Inflation, French Inflation Bond 
Formula, European Inflation Bond Formula or Multi Formula is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Early Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event: 
If in respect of the Notes or Coupons the Issuer would, as a result of any change 
in, or in the official interpretation or administration of, any laws or regulations 
of the Republic of France or any other authority thereof or therein be required 
to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (a "Withholding Tax 
Event"), the Issuer may at its option at any time (in the case of Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) but subject, (x) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to 
Condition 6(m) below, (y) in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to 
Condition 6(o) below, or (z) in the case Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, to Condition 6(p) below, on giving not more than 45 
nor less than 15 days' notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
14) which notice shall be irrevocable, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date upon which the Issuer could make payment without 
withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event: 
If the Issuer would, on the next due date for payment of any amount in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, be prevented by French law from making such 
payment notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts as 
provided in Condition 8 (a "Gross-Up Event"), then the Issuer shall forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and may, at any time (in the case 
of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes) but subject, (x) in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to Condition 6(m) below, (y) in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, 
to Condition 6(o) below or (z) in the case Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, to Condition 6(p) below, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, 
upon giving not less than 7 nor more than 45 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 14), provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons or, if such date 
is already past, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption:  
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and (x) in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 6(m) below, (y) in the case of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, to Condition 6(o) below or (z) in the case Senior Preferred Notes, if 
"Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, to Condition 6(p) below, and on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 
days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem all, or, if 
so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any Optional 
Redemption Date(s) or on the date(s) within the optional redemption period(s), as the 
case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount being (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) the principal amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where 
applicable, any arrears of interest), if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate 
to Notes of a principal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to 
be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders 
of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange 
or other relevant authority requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption 
may be effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the 
principal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate principal amount redeemed). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be 
permitted prior to five years from the Issue Date of the relevant first Tranche, except 
as described in Condition 6(m) below. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer shall, once 
in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority 
and/or Regulated Market on which the Notes are listed and admitted to trading, a notice 
specifying the aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for 
redemption but not surrendered. 
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer  
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives and (x) in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 6(m) below, (y) in 
the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to Condition 6(o) below or (z) in the case 
Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to Condition 6(p) below, in the event that at 
least 75% or any higher percentage (the "Clean-up Percentage"), as specified in the 
Final Terms, of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes 
(which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) has 
been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to 
having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes 
in that Series at their Optional Redemption Amount being the principal amount together 
with any interest accrued to (but excluding) the date set for redemption, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders  
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes (if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), no redemption of the Notes at the option of the Noteholder is 
permitted. If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that 
this Note is not a Subordinated Note, a Senior Non Preferred Notes or a Senior 
Preferred Notes for which "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount being (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) the principal 
amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice 
(the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable during usual business hours from any 
Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. 
Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, have attached to it such 
Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in 
the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so 
deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (as defined below), the Issuer may (at its option 
but subject to Condition 6(m) below) at any time subject to having given no less than 
thirty (30) nor more than forty five (45) days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Subordinated Notes 
in whole, but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount, together with all interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) No. 2014/59 of the Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms as published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 12 June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 which entered into force on 28 December 2020) or such other directive as may 
come in effect in the place thereof. 
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a change in 
the Relevant Rules becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes, which change was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
amount of the Subordinated Notes will be excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of La 
Banque Postale Group. 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended from time to time 
(including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019) or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof. 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing 
the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, 
including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Relevant Regulator, which are applicable to 
the Issuer and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments 
for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer. 
"CRD IV Rules" means any or any combination of the CRD IV, the CRR and any 
CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
"CRR" means the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
June 2013, as amended from time to time (including by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) or such other regulation 
as may come into effect in place thereof. 
"Relevant Regulator" means, as the case may be, the European Central Bank (and/or 
any successor or replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility 
for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer) and/or the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any powers under the BRRD II from time to time) and/or 
any other authority having responsibility for the application of any of the Relevant 
Rules. 
"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies of the Relevant Regulator relating to capital adequacy applicable to the 
Issuer from time to time including, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable rules 
contained in, or implementing the CRD IV Rules and/or the BRRD II. 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it (or, if no longer used, any equivalent or 
successor term) in the Relevant Rules. 
(g) 
Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Deduction Event 
If by reason of any change in the French laws or regulations, or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Subordinated 
Notes, the tax regime applicable to any interest payment under the Subordinated Notes 
is modified and such modification results in the amount of the interest payable by the 
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer for French

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
 
corporate income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes being reduced (a 
"Tax Deduction Event"), the Issuer may, subject to Condition 6(m) below, at its 
option, at any time, subject to having given no less than thirty (30) nor more than forty 
five (45) calendar days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance 
with Condition 14) redeem all, but not some only, of the relevant Series Subordinated 
Notes then outstanding at the Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest 
(if any) thereon, provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make such payment with interest payable being tax deductible for French 
corporate income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes to the same extent 
as it was on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Subordinated 
Notes. 
(h) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If Condition 6(h) is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x principal amount of the Notes 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes 
will be redeemed at par. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(h) only, "IIR" means the ratio determined on the 
fifth Business Day before the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the 
Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(A)) on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the 
date specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index 
applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in 
Condition 5(c)(v)(B)) on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 
6(f), 6(g), 6(l), 6(n) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount of any such 
Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note 
on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown 
in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount equal to 
the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue 
price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(f), 6(g), 6(l), 6(m) or upon it becoming

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
 
due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the 
Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount due 
and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect 
as though the date on which the Optional Redemption Amount or the 
Early Redemption Amount becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the 
Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above or Index Linked Notes), upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(f), 6(g), 6(l), 6(n) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be (i) the principal amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption or (ii) an amount 
determined in accordance with the Technical Annex, if Multi Formula is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
(j) 
Purchases:  
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes: The Issuer (x) shall have the right at all times to 
or (y) may, subject to Condition 6(p) below (if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), purchase Senior 
Preferred Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price, subject to the applicable laws 
and/or regulations. All Senior Preferred Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held 
and resold in accordance with applicable French laws and regulations. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes: The Issuer may, subject to Condition 6(m) below, 
purchase Subordinated Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes: The Issuer may, subject to Condition 6(o), 
purchase Senior Non Preferred Notes (provided that, in the case of Materialised Notes, 
all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at 
all times to purchase Qualifying Subordinated Notes for market making purposes 
provided that: (a) as required by the Relevant Rules, the general prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator shall be obtained; and (b) the total principal amount of the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes so purchased does not exceed the lower of (i) ten (10) 
per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the relevant Series of Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes and any further notes issued under Condition 13 and (ii) three (3) 
per cent. of the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. The 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the 
liquidity of the Notes. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased and cancelled at the option of the Issuer shall be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised 
Bearer Notes, by surrendering to the Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate 
and the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall be cancelled together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating 
to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Senior Notes, it will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under such Notes, the 
Issuer will (in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, subject to Condition 6(o) below 
or in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 6(p) 
below, and subject to such purchase being permitted by the Relevant Rules), subject to 
having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some 
only, of such Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption. 
(m) 
Conditions to redemption of Subordinated Notes prior to Maturity Date 
According to Articles 63(j), 77 and 78 of the CRR, the Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
may only be redeemed or purchased (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 6(b)(i) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons- Withholding Tax Event), Condition 6(b)(ii) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons- Gross-up Event), Condition 6(c) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption (Issuer Call)), Condition 6(f) (Optional 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), Condition 
6(g) (Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax 
Deduction Event) or Condition 6(j) (Purchases) (subject to the provisions set out in the 
second paragraph of the section relating to Subordinated Notes of Condition 6(j)), as 
the case may be, as required by the Relevant Rules, if the Relevant Regulator has given 
its prior permission to such redemption or purchase (as applicable) and the following 
conditions are met: 
(a) 
on or before such purchase or redemption of the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Qualifying Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the 
Issuer's income capacity; or

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that 
its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such purchase or 
redemption, exceed the requirements laid down in the CRD IV Rules and the 
BRRD II by a margin that the Relevant Regulator may consider necessary. 
In the case of redemption or purchase of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
before five years after the date of issuance of the relevant first Tranche of Notes 
if: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (a) or (b) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) 
the Relevant Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
time of the issuance of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax 
Event, a Tax Deduction Event or a Gross-up Event, the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that such 
Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or Gross-up Event is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of issuance of 
the first Tranche of the relevant Series of Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, and the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by one of its 
senior officers to the Fiscal Agent (and copies thereof will be available 
at the Fiscal Agent's specified office during its normal business hours) 
not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date set for redemption 
that such Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or Gross-up 
Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) days 
following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be; or 
(iv) 
on or before such purchase or redemption of the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality on 
terms that are sustainable for the Issuer's income capacity and the 
Relevant Regulator has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of 
view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(v) 
the Qualifying Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making 
purposes,  
provided that if, at the time of such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the 
prevailing Relevant Rules permit the redemption or purchase (as applicable) 
only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions 
to those set out above, the Issuer shall, in the alternative or in addition to the 
foregoing (as required by the Relevant Rules), comply with such alternative 
and/or additional pre-condition(s). 
The Disqualified Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed or purchased (as 
applicable) pursuant to Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons- 
Withholding Tax Event), Condition 6(b)(ii) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons- Gross-
up Event), Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
 
Redemption (Issuer Call)), Condition 6(f) (Optional Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital Event), Condition 6(g) (Optional Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event) or Condition 
6(j) (Purchases)), as the case may be, if the Relevant Regulator has given its prior 
permission to such redemption, or purchase (as applicable), to the extent such 
permission is required by the Relevant Rules. 
(n) 
Early Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event  
If a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer 
may, at its option, but in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes subject to Condition 
6(o) below, in the case Senior Preferred Notes, if "Prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to Condition 6(p) 
below, or in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 6(m) above, at any time 
subject to having given no less than thirty (30) nor more than forty five (45) days' notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem the Notes, as the case may be, in whole, but not in part, at their Early 
Redemption Amount, together with all interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purpose of this Condition:  
"MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that 
as a result of a change in French and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on 
or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series of Notes, as the case may be, 
which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
principal amount of such Series of Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then 
applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such requirements, provided that 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series of Notes is 
excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Notes is less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities to 
meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the 
Issuer and/or La Banque Postale Group referred to in the BRRD II, any other EU law 
or regulation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in France.  
(o) 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date of Senior Non Preferred Notes  
Any redemption or purchase prior to Maturity Date of a Senior Non Preferred Note is 
subject to, as required by the Relevant Rules, the prior permission of the Relevant 
Regulator. 
(p) 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date of Senior Preferred Notes  
If "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any redemption or purchase prior to Maturity Date of a Senior 
Preferred Note is subject to, as required by the Relevant Rules, the prior permission of 
the Relevant Regulator.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or 
administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the 
relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders 
and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the 
Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective 
discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Materialised 
Bearer Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as 
specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at 
the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank. 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case 
of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised 
Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be 
made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents 
would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or 
receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the 
Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and other Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment 
or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 8) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s), the Calculation 
Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent(s), the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) 
as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agent having specified offices in at least two European cities, so long as 
the rules of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require); (v) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes 
may be admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view 
to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption, Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. 
Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Bearer Note 
comprising a Floating Rate Note or Inflation Linked Notes, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes 
is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any 
Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date 
for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for 
payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, 
shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall 
be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part 
of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not 
a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In 
this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or 
(ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as "Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case 
of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in 
Euro), which is a T2 Business Day. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of interest in respect 
of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest 
extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by 
the Noteholders or, if applicable the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
 
by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other 
than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may 
be, would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for 
payment on the thirtieth such day.  
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or 
(if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case 
of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice 
is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or 
Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include 
any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include 
(x) all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 
5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (y) any additional amounts that 
may be payable under this Condition. 
9 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Events of default or enforcement (Senior Preferred Notes) 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes (except where one or more of the Events of 
Default (as defined below) are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal 
Agent that the Senior Preferred Note is, and it shall accordingly forthwith become, 
immediately due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount, together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to the date of repayment, in any of the following 
events ("Events of Default"): 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes or any of them when due and payable and such default is not remedied 
within 30 days after the relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the 
Senior Preferred Notes and such default is not remedied within 45 days after 
notice of such default has been given to the Fiscal Agent by any Noteholder; 
or 
(iii) 
any indebtedness of the Issuer in excess of €50,000,000, or any guarantee by 
the Issuer of any such indebtedness shall become due and is not paid on the 
date which is the later of (i) its stated maturity, and (ii) the expiry of applicable 
grace periods (the term "indebtedness" as used herein shall mean any note or 
other debt instrument issued by the Issuer or any credit facility granted to the 
Issuer by banks); or

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
(iv) 
the Issuer sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, the 
whole or a substantial part of its assets, or the Issuer enters into, or commences 
any proceedings in furtherance of, forced or voluntary liquidation or 
dissolution, except in the case of a disposal, dissolution, liquidation, merger 
(fusion-absorption) or other reorganisation in which all of or substantially all 
of the Issuer's assets are transferred to a legal entity which simultaneously 
assumes all of the Issuer's debt and liabilities including the Senior Preferred 
Notes and whose main purpose is the continuation of, and which effectively 
continues, the Issuer's activities; or 
(v) 
the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt 
or a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or 
the transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the 
Issuer, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer is subject to 
any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or makes any conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a 
composition with its creditors. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that all the Events of Default are not applicable 
notably if "Prior permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, there will be no event of default under the Senior Preferred 
Notes which would lead to an acceleration of such Notes if certain events occur. 
However, a holder of such Senior Preferred Note may, upon written notice to the Fiscal 
Agent given before all defaults have been cured, cause such Senior Preferred Note to 
become due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest thereon, if any, as of the date on which said notice is received by the Fiscal 
Agent, in the event that if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Enforcement (Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
There are no events of default in respect of Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes. In no event will holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes and/or any related Coupons be able to accelerate the maturity of 
their Subordinated Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes. However, a holder of Senior 
Non Preferred Note or Subordinated Note may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent 
given before all defaults have been cured, cause such Senior Non Preferred Note or 
Subordinated Note to become due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued interest thereon, if any, as of the date on which said notice is 
received by the Fiscal Agent, in the event that an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) 
of the Issuer. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall 
not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case 
of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
 
of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L.228-71 
and R.228-69 of the French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively 
with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all 
subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its 
functions or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration 
is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment 
of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. 
Another Representative may be appointed by a Collective Decision. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses 
of the Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office 
of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) 
have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by 
or against the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") 
or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written Consultation"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of 
each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decision will be evidenced by the entries 
in the books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as 
the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second 
(2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(A) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-
thirtieth (1/30th) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to 
the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. 
If such General Meeting has not been called within two months after such 
demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the 
competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one fifth (1/5th) of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a 
two-thirds (2/3rd) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such 
General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published in accordance with Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and 
not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meetings 
on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy or by correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or 
make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which 
will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day 
period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(B) 
Written Decisions and Electronic Consent 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may 
also be taken by a Written Decision.  
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding 
not less than 66.67 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, 
without having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
Condition 11(d)(A). Notice seeking the approval of Noteholders by way of 
Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be 
complied with by Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection 
of such proposed resolution. Any Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have 
the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (the "Electronic 
Consent").  
(C) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 3°, L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French 
Code de commerce and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall 
not apply to the Notes. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it 
being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in 
accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common 
interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the 
first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of 
all such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless 
a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder will 
exercise all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions 
of the French Code de commerce, as supplemented by these Terms and Conditions. 
Such sole Noteholder shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all or 
part of the Notes of such Series. A Representative shall be appointed when the Notes 
of a Series are held by more than one Noteholder. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 14. 
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency), Condition 11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following 
modifications: 
(A) 
Condition 11(d)(C) shall not apply to the Notes. 
(B) 
Except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, 
Condition 11(e) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"11(e) Expenses

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, 
including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective 
Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions." 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term "outstanding" shall not include those 
Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 6(j) that are held by it and not 
cancelled. 
12 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon 
or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws, regulations and Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose 
and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time (subject, for Subordinated Notes, to 
the prior information of the Relevant Regulator), without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further 
notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for the principal 
amount thereof and the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such further notes 
provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld) of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agent, from time to 
time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on 
giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate 
the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether 
or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in 
Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall 
be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case 
they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are 
published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris,

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Échos) or, (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) 
they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement 
Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with general 
circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes is/are listed 
and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Échos) or, (b) in a daily leading newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules 
applicable to such Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes 
is/are listed and admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, 
if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as 
provided above. Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of 
the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in 
registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the 
mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b) and (c) above; except that 
so long as such Notes are listed on any stock exchange(s) and the rules applicable to 
that stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such 
Notes is/are listed. 
(e) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to 
Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be (a) given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any 
other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and, if 
such publication is not practicable in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form 
(au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case 
they will be deemed to have been given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing and (b) published on the website of the 
Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 14(a), (b), 
(c), (d) shall not apply to such notices. 
15 
Recognition of Bail-in  
15.1 
Acknowledgement: By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition 15, includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any 
of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below); 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to 
the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of 
an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which 
case the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any 
such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest 
becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect 
to, the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" means the outstanding principal amount of the 
Notes, and any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes. 
15.2 
Bail-in Power 
For these purposes, the "Bail-in Power" is any power existing from time to time under any 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of 
BRRD II, including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 
August 2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit 
de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended from time to time) ratified by the 
Law No. 2016-1691 of 9 December 2016 relating to transparency, the fight against corruption 
and the modernisation of economic life (Loi no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la 
transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique), 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019, the "Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation"), or otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the 
instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), 
cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in 
connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or 
otherwise. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-
34 of the French Code monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, 
investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time (including the Council of the European Union 
and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation). 
15.3 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of the 
Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Bail-in Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such 
repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment 
would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of the La Banque Postale 
Group. 
15.4 
No Event of Default: Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the 
Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another 
person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-
performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholder to any remedies (including 
equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
15.5 
Notice to Noteholders: Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. 
The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for information purposes, 
although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay 
or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-
in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in Condition 15.1 above. 
15.6 
Duties of the Fiscal Agent: Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, the Issuer and each Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to take any directions from 
Noteholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent 
whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any Notes remain outstanding (for example, if the 
exercise of the Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Notes), 
then the Fiscal Agent’s duties under the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect 
to the Notes following such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall 
agree pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
15.7 
Pro-ration: If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to 
less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the Issuer 
or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect 
of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-in Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
15.8 
Conditions Exhaustive: The matters set forth in this Condition 15 shall be exhaustive on the 
foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any Noteholder.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
16 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons  shall be brought exclusively before any competent court of the jurisdiction of 
the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO INDEX LINKED NOTES  
These Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes apply to Index Linked Notes only and 
are supplemental to the Conditions. The Technical Annex set out on pages 169 to 206 of this Base 
Prospectus contains provisions relating to the formulae used to determine the pay-off under Index 
Linked Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains information applicable to the relevant Index or 
Indices and must be read in conjunction with these Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes and with the Technical Annex for full information on any Index Linked Notes. 
 
1. 
Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
(A) 
Common definitions for Index Linked Notes  
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing 
at the date of determination and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses 
and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other 
instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Redemption Amount, no accrued unpaid 
interest shall be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market 
value of each Note. 
"Exchange Rate" means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the 
cross currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on 
the page designated in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate 
Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
"Exchange Rate Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Exchange Rate Determination Date" means, in respect of any amount for the 
purposes of which an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business 
Day that is the number of Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination of such amount by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Final Level" means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Index being the 
Relevant Level of such Index on such Valuation Date; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, 
the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Levels 
on each of such Averaging Dates; 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provision) 
below. 
"Initial Level" means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time, subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Multi Exchange Index" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, that the component securities of such Index 
are or deemed to be traded on several exchanges and accordingly that the definitions 
comprised in Condition 1(C) relating to the Multi Exchange Index shall apply to such 
Index.  
"Observation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of any Averaging Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date, Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, the level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date, Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, PROVIDED that Relevant Level will mean the 
Settlement Price relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such 
Averaging Date, Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date, Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, if such date occurs 
on the Settlement Day. 
"Settlement Day" means the day occurring within the month prior to the Valuation 
Date on which options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Index are settled on 
their Related Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means the official settlement price of options contracts or futures 
contracts relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Ultimate Averaging Date. 
"Single Exchange Index" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, that the component securities of such Index 
are or deemed to be traded on the same exchange and accordingly that the definitions 
comprised in Condition 1(B) relating to the Single Exchange Index shall apply to such 
Index. 
(B) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index  
"Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Issue Date or otherwise specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the component securities or other assets underlying the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to the shares underlying the Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Exchange and, if any, the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Index" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Single Exchange Index, the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as 
calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or any successor 
to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
the futures or options contracts relating to the Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time 
of such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the hours of the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any day on which the Exchange and the 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on 
the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date or Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Ultimate 
Averaging Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
 
specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(C) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index  
"Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Index, in respect of each component security of this Index (each, 
a "Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Issue Date 
or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" 
set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of this Index and, if any, (ii) the relevant 
Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding 
any Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Index" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Multi Exchange Index, the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as 
calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to this Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of this Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures 
or options contracts relating to this Index are mainly traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to this Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to this Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, in respect of each Component Security, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours.  
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any day on which: (i) the relevant Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of this Index; and (ii) the relevant Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on this Index, 
the close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of this Index is calculated 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Valuation Date 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if any of such dates is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index, the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation 
Date. 
(B) 
Averaging Date 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of any Index and Observation Period, each date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Valid Date, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of any Index, a relevant Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
(i) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 
20% or more of the level of the Index or, if any, the Related Exchange prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or any Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any,

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, securities that comprise 20% or more of the level 
of the Index on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% 
or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event 
or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the 
Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) 
in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an 
Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before 
the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that 
comprise 20% or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index  
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which: (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of this Index; (ii) the 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating 
to this Index on the Related Exchange. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
(a)  
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any 
Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or 
ends at the time on which the level of the 
Index triggers respectively the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all 
other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which 
such 
Component 
Security 
is 
principally traded; AND/OR 
 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or 
ends at the time on which the level of this 
Index triggers respectively the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all 
other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which 
such 
Component 
Security 
is 
principally traded; AND/OR 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such 
Component Security; AND

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect 
of which a Trading Disruption and/or, an Exchange 
Disruption and/or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20% or more of the level of this Index; OR 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options 
contracts relating to this Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; 
(b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence 
of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends 
at the time on which the level of this Index triggers 
respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) 
in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options 
contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect 
of a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of 
such Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
Component Security to the level of this Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of this Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the 
overall level of this Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as 
published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component 
Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or 
options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that 
Valuation Date for this Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Relevant Level of such Index on such Valuation 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time 
on that Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions)) the formula for 
and method of calculating this Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date of each security comprised

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
 
in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on such Ultimate Valuation Date, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on such 
Ultimate Valuation Date). 
"Ultimate Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index and any Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled 
Valuation Date. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight. 
(2) 
Averaging Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then this 
Averaging Date for this Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the 
first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Averaging Date, then (1) the Ultimate Averaging Date shall be 
deemed to be that Averaging Date for this Index (irrespective of whether the 
Ultimate Averaging Date is already an Averaging Date), and (2) the Relevant 
Level of such Index on such Averaging Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time in accordance with (subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date of each 
security comprised in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Averaging Date, 
its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date). 
"Ultimate Averaging Date" means, in respect of any Index and any 
Observation Period, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date relating to this 
Observation Period. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight. 
(3) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index 
triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
Common definitions for Index Linked Notes (single index) 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
"Knock-in Event" means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, payment under the 
relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of 
such Knock-in Event. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Knock-in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Level" means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
"Knock-out Event" means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, payment under the 
relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-out Event. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Level" means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Common definitions and provisions for Index Linked Notes (single index): 
(A) 
Definitions 
"Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date" means, in respect of any Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means (a) that the Index Level is, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level or (b) shall 
be determined in accordance with the Technical Annex. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level of the Index specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period" means each period specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below. 
"Index Level" means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the level of the Index being the Relevant Level of such 
Index on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Averaging 
Dates relating to an Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Period, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified 
Currency in which the Index is valued (with halves being 
rounded up)) of the Specified Prices on each of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Dates PROVIDED 
that Index Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to the 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date if such date 
occurs on the Settlement Day; 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
"Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Averaging 
Date, the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation 
Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the 
Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount in the Specified Currency specified in the applicable 
Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) 
the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
this Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date in 
accordance with (subject to adjustments to the Index set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of each security 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date). 
"Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect 
of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
this Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic 
Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date, then (A) the Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date shall be deemed to be that 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date is already an 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date in accordance with (subject to 
adjustments to the Index set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date). 
"Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date" means, in respect 
of any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date 
relating to this Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(i) 
If the Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor 
but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent or (B) replaced by a successor index using, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of the Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will 
be deemed to be the Index and the Additional Conditions applicable to 
Index Linked Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii) 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Averaging 
Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day, the Index Sponsor (a) announces that it will make 
a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
 
Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation 
and other routine events or changes in the calculation or composition 
of the Index already set out in the rules applicable to that Index, in 
which case the Calculation Agent will use the Index as modified by 
the Index Sponsor in accordance with the rules applicable to that 
Index) (an "Index Modification") or permanently cancels the Index 
and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation") or (b) fails 
to calculate and announce the Index (an "Index Disruption" (provided 
for the avoidance of doubt that a successor sponsor calculating and 
announcing the Index determined as unacceptable by the Calculation 
Agent shall be an Index Disruption) and together with an Index 
Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment 
Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall, for the purpose of 
performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Notes, either: 
(I) 
calculate the level of the Index in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to 
the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those 
securities that comprised the Index immediately prior to the 
Index Adjustment Event; or (but not and) 
(II) 
replace the Index by the Index as so modified or by the new 
index (as the case may be), provided that in such case, (A) the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the new 
index as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of 
any amount due and payable under the Notes linked to the 
Index as if such new or modified index had not replaced the 
Index and, if need be, will multiply the modified or new index 
by a linking coefficient to do so as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (B) the Noteholders will be notified of 
the modified Index or the new index (as the case may be) and, 
if need be, of the linking coefficient; or (but not and) 
(III) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 1(g) below; or (but not and) 
(IV) 
if so specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
require the Issuer to redeem each Note at an amount per Note 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The Early 
Redemption Amount shall be payable by the Issuer on the fifth 
Business Day following notification by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
the event referred to in this paragraph (IV) has occurred. The 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that it has elected to redeem the 
Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the 
applicable Early Redemption Amount).

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
(iii) 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Averaging 
Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent determines that a Change 
of Law or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging 
occurs, then it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and the 
Issuer shall elect, either:  
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) 
to the redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Notes as it considers to be appropriate, and determine the 
effective date of such adjustment(s);  
 
 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 1(g) below;  
 
 
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the each Notes on the 
tenth Business Day (such day being an "Early Redemption 
Date") following the day (or, if such day is not a Business 
Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such 
event has occurred (such day being a "Notification Date"). 
The Notes shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at 
the Early Redemption Amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such 
amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes that it has elected to 
redeem the Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption 
Date and the applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
"Change of Law" means, unless otherwise determined in the relevant Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Issue Date and on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, 
the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day of the Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, 
any regulatory or tax authority ruling, any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange 
(an "Applicable Regulation"), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Issuer determines that (X) it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable 
Regulation for it, any of its affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions 
relating to such Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by the Issuer in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk 
of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, unless otherwise determined in the relevant Final 
Terms, that the Issuer (and/or its affiliates), is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the 
Issuer entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, unless otherwise determined in the relevant Final 
Terms that the Issuer and/or its affiliates, would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates, shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(iv) 
In the event that any level announced by the Index Sponsor which is 
utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the "Original 
Determination") is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Value") is announced by the Index Sponsor within two 
Scheduled Trading Days after the original publication and in any case 
not later than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the 
Notes which is linked to that Original Determination, then the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon 
as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the 
"Replacement Determination") using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not 
subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is 
announced by the Index Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Notes which is 
linked to that Original Determination. 
(v) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed 
notice of any determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, 
made and notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent pursuant to

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
 
paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iv) of this Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions), 
whereupon the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed notice to the 
Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes s of such determinations 
and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent so elects, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount and any Interest 
Amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, (i) on any Interest Payment Date 
following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Interest Amount initially scheduled to 
be paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the "Monetisation Amount") and equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions 
prevailing at the Monetisation Date and, for any Note other than Notes 
listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market organised and 
managed by Euronext Paris or offered in the Republic of France in the 
context of a Non-Exempt Offer, adjusted to account fully for any 
reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or 
related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without 
limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments of 
any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes); 
and 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Interest Amount for the purposes of determining the Monetisation 
Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable but shall be taken into account in 
calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 1(g): 
"Monetisation Date" means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be 
effective, as determined by the Calculation Agent and which shall be no earlier than 
the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
"Monetisation Event" means any event specified in Condition 1(f) (Particular 
Provisions) which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the 
Monetisation provisions, as set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions). 
"Monetisation Formula" means the following formula: 
(1 + 𝑅𝑅)^𝐷𝐷  
where "R" is an Interest Rate specified in the Final Terms  
and "D" means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
"Range Accrual Rate" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the Number of Triggering 
Days divided by the Number of Monitoring Days. 
"Monitoring Day" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in 
such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
"Monitoring Period" means any period which commences on, but excludes, any 
Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date 
provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring Period will commence on, 
but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, and 
include, the last Reference Date. 
"Number of Monitoring Days" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
"Number of Triggering Days" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering 
Days. 
"Reference Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
"Triggering Day" means any Monitoring Day where the level of the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such 
Monitoring Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) 
"greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger 
Level. 
"Trigger Level" means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular 
Provisions) above. 
"Trigger Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Monitoring Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time shall be 
the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Consequences 
If "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the provisions 
comprised in this Condition 1(h) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or the Final 
Redemption Amount subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual Rate. 
The relevant Interest Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount shall be multiplied 
by the relevant Range Accrual Rate.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed 
not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination 
of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days.  
2. 
Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
(A) 
Common definitions for Index Linked Notes 
"Basket" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relative proportions specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Basket Performance" means, in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date and/or 
any Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing 
at the date of determination and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses 
and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding 
arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other 
instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Redemption Amount, no accrued unpaid 
interest shall be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market 
value of each Note. 
"Exchange Rate" means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the 
cross-currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on 
the page designated in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate 
Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate (or 
a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
"Exchange Rate Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Exchange Rate Determination Date" means, in respect of any amount for the 
purposes of which an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business 
Day that is the number of Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms preceding the date of determination of such amount by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Final Level" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, either:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date, the level of 
such Index being the Relevant Level of such Index on such 
Valuation Date; 
OR 
(b) 
in respect of any Index and the Averaging Dates relating to an 
Observation Period, the arithmetic average as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which such Index is valued (with halves 
being rounded up)) of the Relevant Levels of such Index on 
each of such Averaging Dates; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the 
values of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of 
(i) the Relevant Level of such Index on such Valuation Date 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting;  
OR 
(b) 
in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation 
Period, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on 
each of such Averaging Date as the sum of the values of each 
Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
Relevant Level of such Index on each of such Averaging Dates 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting; 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
"Index" means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated 
and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular Provisions" set 
forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Index Performance" means, in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date and/or 
any Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Initial Level" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of any Index, the level of such Index specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the level of such Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time, subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below; 
OR

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level for the Basket specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such level is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect 
of each Index of (i) the Relevant Level of such Index and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Highest Index Performance" means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, the numerically highest Index 
Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Index Performances 
determined on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Period. 
"Highest Performing Index" means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, the Index with the Highest Index 
Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Period. 
"Lowest Index Performance" means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, the numerically lowest Index 
Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Index Performances 
determined on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Period. 
"Lowest Performing Index" means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Period, the Index with the Lowest Index 
Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Period. 
"Multi Exchange Index" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, that the component securities of such Index 
are or deemed to be traded on several exchanges and accordingly that the definitions 
comprised in Condition 2(C) relating to the Multi Exchange Index shall apply to such 
Index. 
"Observation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of any Index and any Averaging Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Averaging Date, Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, the level of such Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date, Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date, Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, PROVIDED that Relevant Level will mean the 
Settlement Price relating to that Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such 
Averaging Date, Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date, Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, if such date occurs 
on the Settlement Day for that Index.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
 
"Settlement Day" means, in respect of any Index, the day occurring within the month 
prior to the Valuation Date on which options contracts or futures contracts relating to 
that Index are settled on their Related Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of any Index, the official settlement price of 
options contracts or futures contracts relating to that Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Ultimate 
Averaging Date for that Index. 
"Single Exchange Index" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, that the component securities or other 
assets of such Index are or deemed to be traded on the same exchange and accordingly 
that the definitions comprised in Condition 2(B) relating to the Single Exchange Index 
shall apply to such Index. 
"Weighting" or "Wi" means, in respect of each Index comprised in the Basket, the 
percentage or the fraction in respect of such Index specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(B) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index 
"Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system as determined by the 
Calculation Agent which is on the Issue Date specified as such or otherwise specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the component securities 
or other assets underlying this Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
shares underlying this Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and, if any, the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or, 
if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to this Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of this Index on a regular basis during each relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to this Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to this Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index and in respect of the relevant Exchange or, 
if any, the relevant Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of 
the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant 
Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date or Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date or Ultimate Valuation 
Date or Ultimate Averaging Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its 
regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(C) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index 
"Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Multi Exchange Index and in respect of each component security of this Index 
(each, a "Component Security"), the principal stock exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Issue Date or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of this Index and, if any, (ii) the relevant 
Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding 
any Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to this Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of this Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled 
Trading Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
 
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in futures or options contracts relating to this Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to this Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index and in respect of each Component Security, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any day on which: (i) the relevant Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of this Index; and (ii) the relevant Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on this Index, 
the close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of this Index is calculated 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Valuation Date 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if any of such dates is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index, the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation 
Date. 
(B) 
Averaging Date 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of any Index and any Observation Period, each 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Valid Date, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of any Index, a relevant Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
(i) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 
20% or more of the level of this Index or, if any, the Related Exchange prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or any Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, 
the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, securities that comprise 20% or more of the level 
of this Index on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% 
or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event 
or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of this 
Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) 
in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an 
Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security to the level of this Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (x) the portion of the level of this Index attributable to that 
security and (y) the overall level of this Index, in each case immediately before 
the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that 
comprise 20% or more of the level of this Index, or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to this Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(ii) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which: (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of this Index; (ii) the 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the 
Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any event (other than an 
Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating 
to this Index on the Related Exchange. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any 
Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or 
ends at the time on which the level of this 
Index triggers respectively the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all 
other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which 
such 
Component 
Security 
is 
principally traded; AND/OR

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or 
ends at the time on which the level of this 
Index triggers respectively the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all 
other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which 
such 
Component 
Security 
is 
principally traded; AND/OR 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such 
Component Security; AND 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect 
of which a Trading Disruption and/or, an Exchange 
Disruption and/or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20% or more of the level of this Index; OR 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options 
contracts relating to this Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; 
(b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence 
of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends 
at the time on which the level of this Index triggers 
respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) 
in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options 
contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in 
respect of a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of this Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of this Index 
attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of this Index, in 
each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index 
Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to this Index on the Related Exchange.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be that 
Valuation Date for this Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) relevant Relevant Level of such Index on such 
Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with (subject 
to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) 
the formula for and method of calculating this Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date of each 
security comprised in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant security on such Ultimate Valuation 
Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date). 
"Ultimate Valuation Date" means, in respect of any Index and Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled 
Valuation Date. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight. 
(2) 
Averaging Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, then this 
Averaging Date for this Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the 
first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Averaging Date, then (1) the Ultimate Averaging Date shall be 
deemed to be that Averaging Date for this Index (irrespective of whether the 
Ultimate Averaging Date is already an Averaging Date), and (2) Relevant 
Level of such Index on such Averaging Date shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time in accordance with (subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date of each 
security comprised in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Averaging Date, 
its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Averaging Date).

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
"Ultimate Averaging Date" means, in respect of any Index and any 
Observation Period, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date relating to this 
Observation Period. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight. 
(3) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index 
triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
Common definitions for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
"Knock-in Event" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the level(s) of any Knock-in Index(ices) as of the Knock-
in Valuation Time of a number of Knock-in Indices equal to the 
Knock-in Number of Indices on any Knock-in Determination Day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Knock-in 
Index as the product in respect of each Knock-in Index of (i) the level 
of such Knock-in Index as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any 
Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting, 
is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, payment under the 
relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of 
such Knock-in Event. 
"Knock-in Index" means the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Level" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of any Knock-in Index, the level of such Knock-in 
Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
"Knock-in Number of Indices" means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if no number is specified, the Knock-in Number of Indices shall be 
deemed to equal one.  
"Knock-in Determination Day" means, in respect of any Index, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means, in respect of any Index, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means, in respect of any Index, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of time 
on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, 
the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
"Knock-out Event" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level(s) of any Knock-out Index(ices) as of the Knock-out

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
Valuation Time of a number of Knock-out Indices equal to the Knock-
out Number of Indices on any Knock-out Determination Day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Knock-out Index as the 
product in respect of each Knock-out Index of (i) the level of such 
Knock-out Index as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-
out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting, 
is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, payment under the 
relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-out Event. 
"Knock-out Index" means the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Level" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of any Knock-out Index, the level of such Knock-out 
Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
"Knock-out Number of Indices" means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if no number is specified, the Knock-out Number of Indices shall be 
deemed to equal one. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means, in respect of any Index, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means, in respect of any Index, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means, in respect of any Index, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means, in respect of any Index, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of 
time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Common definitions and provisions for Index Linked Notes (index basket): 
(A) 
Definitions 
"Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date" means, in respect of any Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Period, each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means (a) that the Basket Level is, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level or (b) shall 
be determined in accordance with the Technical Annex. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level(s) of any Index(ices) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms of a number of Indices equal to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Number of Indices specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Number of Indices" means the number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no number is specified, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Number of Indices shall be deemed to equal one.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period" means each period specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below. 
"Basket Level" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Index and any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the level of such Index being the Relevant 
Level of such Index on such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
 
 
OR 
(b) 
in respect of any Index and the Automatic Early Redemption 
Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which 
such Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the 
Relevant Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Averaging Dates PROVIDED that Basket 
Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to that Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date if such date occurs on the 
Settlement Day for that Index; 
 
 
AND 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the 
product of (i) the Relevant Level of such Index on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting; 
OR 
(b) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Averaging 
Dates relating to an Observation Period, the arithmetic 
average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Averaging Dates as the sum of the values

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
Relevant Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Averaging Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
"Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect of any 
Index, the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the 
Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount in the Specified Currency specified in the applicable 
Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) 
the product of (i) the Specified Denomination and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then this Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date for 
this Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
for this Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the relevant Relevant Level of such Index on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date in accordance with (subject to adjustments to the Index set forth in 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of each security 
comprised in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
 
security as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date). 
"Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means, in respect 
of any Index and in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then this Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date for 
this Index shall be the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid 
Date. If the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date, then (1) the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date for this Index shall be deemed to be that 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date is already an 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date), and (2) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date in accordance with (subject to 
adjustments to the Index set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Averaging Date of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date). 
"Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date" means, in respect 
of any Index and any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Period, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Averaging Date relating to this Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Period. 
"Specific Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to eight.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(i) 
If any Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the relevant Index 
Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same 
or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used 
in the calculation of this Index, then in each case that index (the 
"Successor Index") will be deemed to be such Index and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii) 
If, in respect of any Index, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation 
Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or 
the last Knock-out Determination Day, the relevant Index Sponsor (a) 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating this Index or in any other way materially 
modifies this Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain this Index in the event of changes in 
constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events or changes 
in the calculation or composition of the Index already set out in the 
rules applicable to that Index, in which case the Calculation Agent will 
use the Index as modified by the Index Sponsor in accordance with the 
rules applicable to that Index) (an "Index Modification") or 
permanently cancels this Index and no Successor Index exists (an 
"Index Cancellation") or (b) fails to calculate and announce this Index 
(an "Index Disruption" (provided for the avoidance of doubt that a 
successor sponsor calculating and announcing this Index determined 
as unacceptable by the Calculation Agent shall be an Index Disruption) 
and together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, 
each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent 
shall, for the purpose of performing its obligations in respect of the 
outstanding Notes, either: 
(I) 
calculate the level of this Index in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating this Index last in effect prior to 
the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those 
securities that comprised this Index immediately prior to the 
Index Adjustment Event; or (but not and) 
(II) 
replace this Index by this Index as so modified or by the new 
index (as the case may be), provided that in such case, (a) the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the new 
index as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of 
any amount due and payable under the Notes linked to this 
Index as if such new or modified index had not replaced this 
Index and, if need be, will multiply the modified or new index 
by a linking coefficient to do so as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (b) the Noteholders will be notified of 
the modified Index or the new index (as the case may be) and, 
if need be, of the linking coefficient; or (but not and)

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
(III) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 2(g) below; or (but not and) 
(IV) 
if so specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
require the Issuer to redeem each Note at an amount per Note 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The Early 
Redemption Amount shall be payable by the Issuer on the fifth 
Business Day following notification by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
the event referred to in this paragraph (ii) has occurred. The 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that it has elected to redeem the 
Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the 
applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
(iii) 
In the event that, in respect of any Index, any level announced by the 
relevant Index Sponsor which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for 
any determination (the "Original Determination") is subsequently 
corrected and the correction (the "Corrected Value") is announced by 
this Index Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days after the 
original publication and in any case not later than the second 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of 
the amount due and payable under the Notes which is linked to that 
Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and 
shall 
determine 
the 
relevant 
value 
(the 
"Replacement 
Determination") using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is not 
subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is 
announced by this Index Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Notes which is 
linked to that Original Determination. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any Index, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation 
Date, the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or 
the last Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Change of Law or a Hedging Disruption or an 
Increased Cost of Hedging occurs, then it shall forthwith notify the 
Issuer of such event and the Issuer may elect, either: 
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) 
to the redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of 
the Notes as it considers to be appropriate, and determine the 
effective date of such adjustment(s);

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 2(g) below; 
 
 
 
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth 
Business Day (such day being an "Early Redemption Date") 
following the day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the 
first Business Day following the day) on which the Issuer 
receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such event has 
occurred (such day being a "Notification Date"). The Notes 
shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early 
Redemption Amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that it has elected to redeem the 
Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the 
applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
"Change of Law" means, unless otherwise determined in the relevant Final Terms, 
that, on or after the Issue Date and on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, 
the last Averaging Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day of the Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, 
any regulatory or tax authority ruling, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any 
exchange (an "Applicable Regulation"), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any 
change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), any of the Issuer determines that (X) it has or will become illegal 
or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates to hold, acquire or 
dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to such Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by the Issuer in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk 
of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means, unless otherwise determined in the relevant Final 
Terms, that the Issuer (and/or its affiliates), is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
Issuer entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means, unless otherwise determined in the relevant Final 
Terms, that the Issuer and/or its affiliates, would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates, shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(v) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed 
notice of any determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, 
made and notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
the paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iv) of this Condition 2(f) (Particular 
Provisions), whereupon the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed 
notice to the Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such 
determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and the 
Calculation Agent so elects, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount and any Interest 
Amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, (i) on any Interest Payment Date 
following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Interest Amount initially scheduled to 
be paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the "Monetisation Amount") and equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions 
prevailing at the Monetisation Date and, for any Note other than Notes 
listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market organised and 
managed by Euronext Paris or offered in the Republic of France in the 
context of a Non-Exempt Offer, adjusted to account fully for any 
reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or 
related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without 
limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments of 
any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes); 
and 
(ii) 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Interest Amount for the purposes of determining the Monetisation 
Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable but shall be taken into account in 
calculating the fair market value of each Note.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(g): 
"Monetisation Date" means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be 
effective, as determined by the Calculation Agent and which shall be no earlier than 
the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
"Monetisation Event" means any event specified in Condition 2(f) (Particular 
Provisions) which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the 
Monetisation provisions, as set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions). 
"Monetisation Formula" means the following formula: 
(1 + R)^D  
where "R" is an Interest Rate specified in the Final Terms  
and "D" means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
"Range Accrual Rate" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the Number of Triggering 
Days divided by the Number of Monitoring Days. 
"Monitoring Day" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in 
such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day for each Index comprising the 
Basket, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
"Monitoring Period" means any period which commences on, but excludes, any 
Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date 
provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring Period will commence on, 
but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, and 
include, the last Reference Date. 
"Number of Monitoring Days" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
"Number of Triggering Days" means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering 
Days. 
"Reference Dates" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
"Triggering Day" means any Monitoring Day where either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level of the Triggering Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such 
Monitoring Day; 
OR

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in 
respect of each Index of (i) the level of such Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such 
Monitoring Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting, 
is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the relevant Trigger Level. 
"Trigger Level" means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of any Index, the level of such Index specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) above. 
"Triggering Index" means, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and in respect of any Monitoring Day, the Index specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trigger Valuation Time" means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of time 
on any Monitoring Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event 
that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Provisions 
If "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the provisions 
comprised in this Condition 2(h) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or the Final 
Redemption Amount subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual Rate. 
The relevant Interest Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount shall be multiplied 
by the relevant Range Accrual Rate. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed 
not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination 
of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
TECHNICAL ANNEX 
The provisions below are supplemental to the Conditions. In case of any inconsistency between the 
provisions of this Technical Annex and the Conditions or the Additional Conditions applicable to Index 
Linked Notes, the provisions of this Technical Annex shall prevail. The capitalised terms not defined 
below shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Conditions or the Additional Conditions 
applicable to Index Linked Notes, as the case may be. 
1. Definitions applicable to Notes linked to a formula set out in sections A, B and C below  
"CMSmY" is determined as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(d), subject to the following 
modifications: "Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Reset Date i", 
"Designated Maturity" shall be replaced by "m" and the Reference Currency shall be "Euro". For the 
avoidance of doubt, this definition of CMSmY shall apply to CMS 1.m Y(i) to CMS 9.m Y(i).  
"CMSnY" is determined as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(d), subject to the following 
modifications: "Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Reset Date i", 
"Designated Maturity" shall be replaced by "n",  and the Reference Currency shall be "Euro". For the 
avoidance of doubt, this definition of CMSnY shall apply to CMS 1.n Y(i) to CMS 9.n Y(i).   
"CPI" is determined as provided in Condition 5(c)(v)(A), subject to the following modification: 
"Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Reset Date i". 
"€STR" is determined as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(f), subject to the following modification: 
"Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Reset Date i".  
"Euribor n M" is determined as provided in Conditions 5(c)(iv)(C)(a), 5(c)(iv)(C)(b) and 
5(c)(iv)(C)(c), subject to the following modification: "Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to 
be a reference to "Reset Date i". 
"Euribor o M" is determined as provided in Conditions 5(c)(iv)(C)(a), 5(c)(iv)(C)(b) and 
5(c)(iv)(C)(c), subject to the following modification: "Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to 
be a reference to "Reset Date i". For the avoidance of doubt, this definition of Euribor n M shall apply 
to Euribor 1.o M(i) to Euribor 9.o M(i).   
"Euribor p M" is determined as provided in Conditions 5(c)(iv)(C)(a), 5(c)(iv)(C)(b) and 
5(c)(iv)(C)(c), subject to the following modification: "Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to 
be a reference to "Reset Date i". For the avoidance of doubt, this definition of Euribor p M shall apply 
to Euribor 1.p M(i) to Euribor 9.p M(i).   
"HICP" is determined as provided in Condition 5(c)(v)(B), subject to the following modification: 
"Interest Determination Date" shall deemed to be a reference to "Reset Date i". 
"i" means a number which corresponds to an item specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date i" means a date corresponding to an i number as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date i-1" means with respect to (a) an Interest Payment Date i (other than the first 
Interest Payment Date), the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date i or (b) an Interest Payment 
Date i that is the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date. 
"Interest Payment Dates" means each Interest Payment Date i. 
"m" means the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
"Max(…;…;….)" means the mathematical highest term of the series of numbers between the 
parenthesis. 
"Min(…;…;….)" means the mathematical smallest term of the series of numbers between the 
parenthesis. 
"n" means the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"o" means the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"OIS (D, M)" means the daily capitalization of €STR between the dates D and M. D and M are the days 
of a calendar month specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where 
• 
T1, …Ti,….. Tn are T2 business days between D et M excluded. 
• 
OIS(D, M) = [[1+€STR(D)*(T1-D)/360]-1]*360/T1-D *…*  [[1+€STR(Ti)*(Ti+1-
Ti)/360]-1]*360/Ti+1-Ti*….* [[1+€STR(Tn)*(M-Tn)/360]]-1]*360/M-Tn  
"p" means the maturity specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reset Date i" means a date corresponding to an i number as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Reset Dates" means each Reset Date i. 
"TEC10" is determined as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(e), subject to the following modification: 
"Interest Determination Date" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Reset Date i". 
"Trigger Event" means an event specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and the occurrence of 
which will lead to a change in the interest payable under the Notes as specified in the relevant Final 
terms. Such event (i) will occur automatically at Trigger Dates or (ii) may occur at Trigger Dates on 
which the Issuer may elect to change the interest payable under the Notes. The Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to change the interest 
payable under the Notes, not less than the irrevocable notice period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
"Trigger Date" means dates specified in the relevant Final Terms when a Trigger Event specified in 
the relevant Final Terms may or will, as the case may be, occur. 
"YoY HICP I" means the HICP rate with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest digit. 
"YoY CPI I" means the CPI rate with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest digit. 
"+" means the mathematical sign for addition. 
"-" means the mathematical sign for subtraction. 
"*" means the mathematical sign for multiplication. 
"/" means the mathematical sign for division. 
"^" means the mathematical sign for power. 
2. Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes set out in section D below

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
 
"BasketPerf" means the performance of the Selection of Underlyings, calculated on a Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if relevant, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of the following formulae: 
• 
"Local Performance" means a single local performance: 
BasketPerf(t) = 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑡𝑡) 
• 
"Average Performance" means the average of the Local Performances of the Selection 
on the specified Average Observation Dates Set.  It is calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
BasketPerf(t) = 1
m ෍𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑠𝑠)
m
s=1
  
where: 
"m" means the number of Observation Dates in the Average Observation Dates Set; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the Average Observation Dates Set. 
"Average Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the 
Final Terms. 
• 
"Max Lookback Performance" means the highest ("Max") Local Performance of the 
Selection observed on any of the Observation Dates falling within the specified 
Lookback Observation Dates Set, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
BasketPerf(t)= Max
1≤s≤m(𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑠𝑠)) 
where: 
"m" means the number of Observation Dates in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
"Lookback Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the 
Final Terms. 
• 
"Min Lookback Performance" means the lowest ("Min") Local Performance of the 
Selection observed on any of the Observation Dates falling within the specified 
Lookback Observation Dates Set, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
BasketPerf(t)= Min
(1≤s≤m)(𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵(𝑠𝑠)) 
where: 
"m" means the number of Observation Dates in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
"Lookback Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the 
Final Terms. 
• 
"Max Strike Performance"

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
BasketPerf(t) =
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
Min ൬PerfCap, Max
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s))൰
 
where: 
"m1" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
"m2" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set; 
"Observation Dates Set 1" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Dates Set 2" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"PerfCap" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Min Strike Performance" 
BasketPerf (t) =
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
Max ൬PerfFloor, Min
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s))൰
 
where: 
"m1" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
"m2" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set; 
"PerfFloor" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
"Observation Dates Set 1" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Dates Set 2" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"Average Strike Max Lookback Performance" 
BasketPerf(t)=
Max
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s))
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
where: 
"m1" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
"m2" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set; 
"Observation Dates Set 1" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms;

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
 
"Observation Dates Set 2" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"Average Strike Min Lookback Performance" 
BasketPerf(t)=
Min
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s))
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
where: 
"m1" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
"m2" means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set; 
"Observation Dates Set 1" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Dates Set 2" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"In-Out Average Performance" 
BasketPerf(t)=
1
m2 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m2
s=1
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
"m1" means the number of Observation Dates in Observation Dates Set 1; 
"m2" means the number of Observation Dates in Observation Dates Set 2; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set; 
"Observation Dates Set 1" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"Observation Dates Set 2" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"Actuarial Performance" 
𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵(𝑡𝑡) = (𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑡𝑡))
^൬1
𝑟𝑟(𝑡𝑡)൰ 
"r(t)" means a number specified in the Final Terms; 
"LocalBasketPerf(t)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t" 
• 
"Lookback Actuarial Performance" 
𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵𝐵(𝑡𝑡) = 𝑀𝑀𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎
1≤𝑠𝑠≤𝑚𝑚ቆ(𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿(𝑠𝑠))
^൬1
𝑟𝑟(𝑠𝑠)൰ቇ 
"m" means the number of Observation Dates in the Actuarial Observation Dates Set; 
"Actuarial Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the 
Final Terms;

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
 
"r(s)" means, for each temporal index "s", a number specified in the Final Terms; 
"LocalBasketPerf(s)" means the Local Performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date indexed by "s" in the Actuarial Observation Dates Set. 
 "Denomination" means Specified Denomination. 
"IndivPerf(i, t)" or "Individual Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying "i" in the 
Selection, the performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date "t", as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent using one of the following formulae: 
• 
"European Individual Performance": 
IndivPerf(i,t) =
Price (i,t)
Reference Price(i) 
• 
"Average Individual Performance": 
IndivPerf(i,t) = Price(i,Observation Dates Set(t))
Reference Price(i)
 
• 
"Ratchet Individual Performance": 
IndivPerf(i,t) = Price(i,Observation Dates Set1(t))
Price(i,Observation Dates Set2(t)) 
where: 
"Observation Dates Set(t)", "Observation Dates Set1(t)" and "Observation Dates 
Set2(t)" mean Observation Dates Sets specified as such in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Actuarial Individual Performance" 
IndivPerf(i,t) = ൬
Price(i,t)
Reference Price(i)൰
^ቀ1
r(t)ቁ
 
where: 
"r(t)" means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
"Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the Business Day Convention set forth in the applicable Final Terms and the 
occurrence of an early redemption or an Automatic Early Redemption Event.  
"LocalBasketPerf" or "Local Performance" means, in respect of a Selection of "n" 
Underlyings, the performance of such Selection calculated using one of the following formulae, 
on a Valuation Date indexed "t": 
• 
"Weighted" means the weighted average of the Individual Performances of each 
Underlying in the Selection, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t) = ෍ωi
n
i=1
× IndivPerf (i, t) 
where: 
"ωi"means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"n" means the number of Underlyings in the Selection.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
 
• 
"Best Of" means the highest ("Max") Individual Performance in the Selection, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t)= 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀
1≤𝑠𝑠≤𝑚𝑚 (𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖𝑖 (𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)) 
• 
"Worst Of" means the lowest ("Min") Individual Performance in the Selection, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t)= 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀
1≤𝑠𝑠≤𝑚𝑚 (𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 (𝑖𝑖,𝑡𝑡)) 
• 
"Ranked Weighted" means the weighted average of the Individual Performances of 
each Underlying in the Selection after these have been ranked from the lowest to the 
highest, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
LocalBasketPerf(t) = ෍ωj × 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅(j,t)
n
j=1
 
where: 
"RankedIndivPerf(j,t) " means the "j"th lowest determined Individual Performance 
amongst the Individual Performances of all Underlyings in the Selection, calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date indexed "t"; and 
"ωj" means a weighting assigned to the "j"th lowest Individual Performance, whose 
value will be specified in the Final Terms. 
• 
"Individually Capped" means the weighted average of the Individual Performances of 
each Underlying in the Selection where each Individual Performance is capped, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf(t) = ෍ωi × Min(ICap, IndivPerf(i, t))
n
i=1
 
where: 
"ωi" means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms; 
"n" means the number of Underlyings in the Selection; 
"ICap" means a percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
"Max" means in respect of a series of numbers inside brackets and separated by ",", the greatest 
of such numbers.  If any such number is specified as being "Not Applicable", such number shall 
be ignored in the calculation of the function. 
 
"Memory Effect" means the activation of the memory feature whereby payment of previously 
unpaid amounts can be triggered.  It is specified in the Final Terms as Applicable or Not 
Applicable. 
"MemoryCoupon(t)" means the following value: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms specify Memory Effect as Applicable: the sum of all Interest 
Amounts per  
Note paid prior to the Payment Date indexed "t" expressed as a percentage of 
the Specified  Denomination; and

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
(b) 
if the Final Terms specify Memory Effect as Not Applicable: 0 (zero). 
"Min" means in respect of a series of numbers inside brackets and separated by ",", the smallest 
of such numbers.  If any such number is specified as being "Not Applicable", such number shall 
be ignored in the calculation of the function. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, the next following relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in the Additional Conditions applicable to the Index Linked Notes and the 
occurrence of an early redemption or an Automatic Early Redemption Event provided that any 
reference to Valuation Date made in the Additional Conditions applicable to the Index Linked 
Notes shall be construed as a reference to the Observation Date for the purposes of this 
Technical Annex. 
"Observation Dates Set" means a series of Observation Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
"Price" means, in respect of any Underlying that is an Index, the Final Level as defined in the 
Additional Conditions applicable to the Index Linked Notes provided that any reference to 
Valuation Date made in that definition shall be construed as a reference to a Valuation Date or 
an Observation Date for the purposes of this Technical Annex or any other value specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms and determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Price (i, Observation Dates Set)" means a value calculated by reference to the Prices of the 
Underlying "i", observed on each Observation Date falling within the specified Price 
Observation Dates Set.  Such value is calculated using one of the following formulae: 
• 
"Average Price (i)" means the equal-weighted average of the Prices of the Underlying 
"i" on the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
1
𝑚𝑚෍𝑝𝑝
𝑚𝑚
𝑠𝑠=1
𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟𝑟(𝑖𝑖, 𝑠𝑠) 
where: 
"m" means the number of Observation Dates in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
"Price (i,s)" means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by 
"s" in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
"Price Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"Weighted Average Price (i)" means the weighted average of the Prices of the 
Underlying "i" on the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates 
Set, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
෍αsi × Price(i, s)
m
s=1
 
where: 
"m" means the number of Observation Dates in Price Observation Dates Set; 
"Price (i,s)" means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by 
"s" in the Price Observation Dates Set;

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
"𝒂𝒂𝒔𝒔𝒊𝒊" means a weighting assigned to the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the Price Observation Dates Set, as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Price Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"Max Price (i) " means the highest ("Max") Price observed in respect of an Underlying 
"i" on any of the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀
1≤𝑠𝑠≤𝑚𝑚(Price(i, s)) 
where: 
"Price (i,s)" means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by 
"s" in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
"Price Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"Min Price (i)" means the lowest ("Min") Price observed in respect of an Underlying 
"i" on any of the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀
1≤𝑠𝑠≤𝑚𝑚(Price(i, s)) 
where: 
"Price (i,s)" means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by 
"s" in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
"Price Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
• 
"Ranked Weighted Average Price (i)" means the weighted average of the Prices of the 
Underlying "i" on the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set 
after such Prices have been ranked in order from the lowest to the highest, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
෍αk
i × Ranked Price(i, k)
m
k=1
 
where: 
"m" means the number of Observation Dates in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
"k" means the position in the ranking of the Ranked Price, 
"Ranked Price(i,k)" means the "k"th lowest Price of the Underlying "i" amongst all 
prices observed through the Price Observation Dates Set; 
"𝒂𝒂𝒌𝒌
𝒊𝒊" means a weighting attributed to the "k"th lowest observation in respect of the 
Underlying "i", as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Price Observation Dates Set" means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Price (i, t)" means the Price of the Underlying with the index "i" in respect of any Valuation 
Date or any Observation Date indexed "t", "t" being any temporal index.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
 
"Reference Price (i)" means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" that is an Index, (i) the 
Initial Level as defined in the Additional Conditions applicable to the Index Linked Notes, or 
(ii) in respect of the Averaging Dates relating to an Observation Period, the arithmetic average 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency 
in which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Levels of such 
Index on each such Averaging Dates (or in case of basket of Indices, of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each such Averaging Date as the sum of the values of each Index as the 
product in respect of each Index of (a) the Relevant Level of such Index on each such Averaging 
Dates and (b) the relevant Weighting), all as defined in the Additional Conditions applicable to 
the Index Linked Notes, or (iii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Selection" means a set of one or more Underlyings, the number of which is referred to as "n".  
Each Underlying is assigned an index "i" ranging from 1 to n. 
"Underlying" means an Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or one basket of 
Indices as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, the next following relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in the Additional Conditions applicable to the Index Linked Notes and the 
occurrence of an early redemption or an Automatic Early Redemption Event. 
෍ 
n
i,k,l=1
 
or "Sum" means in respect of the term to which it applies, the sum of the "n" 
values that the term will accommodate. 
"×" means the mathematical sign for multiplication. 
"/" means the mathematical sign for division. 
"+" means the mathematical sign for addition. 
"–" means the mathematical sign for subtraction. 
">" means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is higher than the term following (at the 
right) the sign. 
"<" means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is lower than the term following (at the right) 
the sign. 
"≥" means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is equal to or higher than the term following 
(at the right) the sign. 
"≤" means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is equal to or lower than the term following 
(at the right) the sign. 
"| |" or "Abs ()" means the absolute value of the term between the brackets. 
"%" means percentage, i.e. a fraction of 100.  For the avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent is equal to 
0.01.k 
" [x]^[n]" means the generalized power operation where "x" is the base and "n" is the exponent. The 
generalized power operation result is equivalently defined by the formula:  
[x]^[n] = exp([n]) ×  ln([x])  
where "exp" is the symbol of the exponential operator and "ln" is the symbol of the natural logarithm 
operator.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
 
A. 
Formulas applicable to the Interest Amount 
 
CMS Range 
Accrual 
If CMS Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * X * Ni / NTi * DCFi 
Where 
• 
X is an annual interest rate specified as a percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i. 
• 
BH and BL are annual interest rates specified as a percentage in the relevant 
Final Terms 
• 
If BH and BL are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Ni is the 
number of T2 Business Days between Interest Payment Date i-1 (included) and 
Interest Payment Date i (excluded) when (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i) is 
equal to or higher than BL and lower than BH.  If BL is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Ni is the number of T2 Business Days 
between Interest Payment Date i-1 (included) and Interest Payment Date i 
(excluded) when (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i) is equal to or lower than BH.  
• 
If BH is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Ni is the number 
of T2 Business Days between Interest Payment Date i-1 (included) and Interest 
Payment Date i (excluded) when (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i) is equal to or 
higher than BL. 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
NTi is the number of T2 Business Days between Interest Payment Date i-1 
(included) and Interest Payment Date i (excluded). 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
CMS Floater 
If CMS Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Specified Denomination * ((H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i) + B) * DCFi 
Where  
• 
B, H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
CMS Reverse 
Floater 
If CMS Reverse Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * (B - (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i)) * DCFi 
Where

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
• 
B is a positive number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
CMS Cap 
If CMS Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
C and X are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i. 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
Ri is equal to:X + Max[0; (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i) - C]. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
CMS Cap 
Spread 
If CMS Cap Spread is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
C, D and X are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i. 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
Ri is equal to:X + Max[0;Min((H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i); D) - C]. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
CMS Floor 
Spread 
If CMS Floor Spread is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
C, D and X are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
Ri is equal to:X + Max[0; C - Max((H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i); D)]. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
CMS Butterfly 
If CMS Butterfly is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
C, D, X and Y are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i. 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
Ri is equal to: Min[X + Max[0; (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i)  - C]; Y + 
Max[0; D – (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i)]] 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Capped/Floored 
CMS Reverse 
Floater 
If Capped/Floored CMS Reverse Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
B, C and F are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i. 
• 
Ri is equal to: Max[F; Min(B – (H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i); C)]. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms 
Fixed Rate to 
Capped Floored 
CMS Variable 
Formula 
If Fixed Rate to Capped Floored CMS Variable Formula is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where 
• 
A, B and C are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
CMSmY i is the value of CMSmY on Reset Date i. 
• 
CMSnY i is the value of CMSnY on Reset Date i.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) 
the Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
H and K are either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
Ri is equal to: 
- A if Payment Date i falls on or before the Trigger Date or if the Trigger 
Event has not occurred on the Trigger Date or 
- Max[B; Min(H * CMSnY i + K * CMSmY i; C)] if Payment Date i is 
strictly greater than the Trigger Date and the Trigger Event has occurred. 
 
Tec10 Floater 
If TEC10 Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * [(1+TEC10 i + B)^(1/4)-1]* DCFi 
Where  
• 
B is a number either positive or negative, specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
TEC10 i is the value of TEC10 on Reset Date i. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
TEC 10 Cap 
Spread 
If TEC10 Cap Spread is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * ( X + Max[(1 + TEC10 i)^1/4 - ( 1 + A )^1/4 , 0 ] - Max[(1 + 
TEC10 i)^1/4 - (1 + B)^1/4 , 0 ] ) * DCFi 
Where 
• 
A, B and X are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
TEC10 i is the value of TEC10 on Reset Date i. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euribor Floater 
If Euribor Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Specified Denomination * (A * Euribor n M i + B) * DCFi 
Where  
• 
A is a percentage and B is a number, A being positive, B either positive or 
negative, specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
Euribor n M i is the value of Euribor n M on Reset Date i. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
Capped/Floored 
Euribor Floater 
If Capped/Floored Euribor Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
C and F are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
Euribor n M i is the value of Euribor n M on Reset Date i. 
• 
Ri is equal to: Max[F; Min(Euribor n M i; C)]. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Capped/Floored 
Knock-Out 
Euribor Floater 
If Capped/Floored Knock-Out Euribor Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
C, D, E and F are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
A and B are numbers, either positive or negative, specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
Euribor n M i is the value of Euribor n M on Reset Date i. 
• 
Ri is equal to: C + A *Max[D; Min(Euribor n M i; E)] + B * Max[0 ; Euribor n 
M i - F]. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euribor Reverse 
Floater 
If Euribor Reverse Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Specified Denomination * (B - A * Euribor n M i) * DCFi 
Where  
• 
A is a positive percentage and B is positive number specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
Euribor n M i is the value of Euribor n M on Reset Date i. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Capped/Floored 
Euribor Reverse 
Floater 
If Capped/Floored Euribor Reverse Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
 
Where  
• 
C and F are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
A is a positive percentage and B is positive number specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
Euribor n M i is the value of Euribor n M on Reset Date i. 
• 
Ri is equal to: Max[F; Min(B – A * Euribor n M i; C)]. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Spread Floater 
If Spread Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
A and B are percentages and C is a number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
VR1 and VR2 are either Euribor n M or CMSmY on the Reset Date i, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
• 
Ri is equal to A * VR1 + B * VR2 + C. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
OIS Floater 
If OIS Floater is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Specified Denomination * (A * OIS i + B) * DCFi 
Where  
• 
A is a percentage and B is a number, A being positive, B either positive or 
negative as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
OIS i is equal to the value of the OIS on the Reset Date i being the daily 
capitalization of the €STR between D and M that are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Variable Rate to 
Fixed Formula 
If Variable Rate to Fixed Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
F is an annual interest rate specified as percentages in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
A is a percentage and B is a number, A being positive, B either positive or 
negative, specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
 
• 
Euribor n M i is the value of Euribor n M on Reset Date i. 
• 
Ri is equal to:  
− 
A * Euribor M i + B if Payment Date i falls on or before the Trigger 
Date or if the Trigger Event has not occurred on the Trigger Date or 
− 
F if Payment Date i falls after the Trigger Date and the Trigger Event 
has occurred. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate to 
Variable 
Formula 
If Fixed Rate to Variable Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Ri * DCFi 
Where  
• 
F is an annual interest rate specified as a percentage in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
A is a percentage and B is a number, A being positive, B either positive or 
negative, specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
Euribor n M i is the value of Euribor n M on Reset Date i. 
• 
Ri is equal to:  
− 
F if Payment Date i falls on or before the Trigger Date or if the Trigger 
Event has not occurred on the Trigger Date or 
− 
A * Euribor n M i + B if Payment Date i is strictly greater than the 
Trigger Date and the Trigger Event has occurred. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
YoY 
French 
Inflation 
If YoY French Inflation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Specified Denomination * (A * YoY CPI I i + B) * DCFi 
Where  
• 
A is a percentage and B is a number, A being positive, B either positive or 
negative as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
YoY CPI I i is the YoY CPI I value for the Reset Date i as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
YoY 
HICP 
Inflation 
If YoY HICP Inflation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest 
Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Specified Denomination * (A * YoY HICP I i + B) * DCFi 
Where

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
 
• 
A is a percentage and B is a number, A being positive, B either positive or 
negative as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
YoY HICP I i is the YoY HICP I value for the Reset Date i as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
B. 
Formulas applicable to the Final Redemption Amount 
Zero 
Coupon 
French Inflation 
If Zero Coupon French Inflation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * (CPI T / CPI 0 – 1 + A) 
Where  
• 
A is a number, either positive or negative as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
CPI T is the value of the CPI on the Maturity Date.  
• 
CPI 0 is the value of the CPI on the Issue Date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
The ratio CPI T / CPI 0 is calculated with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest 
digit. 
Zero 
Coupon 
HICP Inflation 
If Zero Coupon HICP Inflation is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * (HICP T / HICP 0 – 1 + A) 
Where  
• 
A is a number, either positive or negative as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
HICP T is the value of the HICP on the Maturity Date.  
• 
HICP 0 is the value of the HICP on the Issue Date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
The ratio HICP T / HICP 0 is calculated with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest 
digit. 
C. 
Formulas applicable to the Interest Amount, the Final Redemption Amount and/or the Early 
Redemption Amount 
French Inflation 
Bond Formula 
If French Inflation Bond Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination  *  R * CPI i / CPI 0 * DCFi 
Where  
• 
R is an annual interest rate specified as a percentage in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
CPI i is the value of the CPI on the relevant Interest Payment Date i.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
 
• 
CPI 0 is the value of the CPI on the Issue Date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
• 
The ratio CPI i / CPI 0 is calculated with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest digit. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
If French Inflation Bond Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Max(CPI T / CPI 0;1) 
Where  
• 
CPI T is the value of the CPI on the Maturity Date.  
• 
CPI 0 is the value of the CPI on the Issue Date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
• 
The ratio CPI T / CPI 0 is calculated with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest 
digit. 
European 
Inflation Bond 
Formula 
If European Inflation Bond Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date i shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination  *  R * HICP i / HICP 0 * DCFi 
Where  
• 
R is an annual interest rate specified as a percentage in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
HICP i is the value of the HICP on the relevant Interest Payment Date i.  
• 
HICP 0 is the value of the HICP on the Issue Date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
The ratio HICP i / HICP 0 is calculated with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest 
digit. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 as applicable to (but excluding) the 
Interest Payment Date i as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
If European Inflation Bond Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date shall be the amount determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination * Max(HICP T / HICP 0;1) 
Where  
• 
HICP T is the value of the HICP on the Maturity Date.  
• 
HICP 0 is the value of the HICP on the Issue Date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
• 
The ratio HICP T / HICP 0 is calculated with 6 decimals rounded to the nearest 
digit. 
Multi Formula 
If Multi Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date i (except the Maturity Date) shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
 
 
Coupon (i) = Specified denomination * ((1 - E) * Formula(i) + R3(i) * E) * Ni/NTi * DCFI 
 
With 
-          
Formula 
(i) 
= 
 ∑
(T3(i. f) +  L3(i. f) ∗ MinൣT1(i. f) +  L1(i. f) ∗
𝑗𝑗
f=1
 Max [K1(i. f); R1(i)]; T2(i. f) +  L2(i. f) ∗ Max [K2(i. f); R2(i)]൧) 
Where: 
• 
If K1(i.f) and K2(i.f) are specified as applicable in the final terms, they are annual 
interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
• 
T1(i.f), T2(i.f) and T3(i.f) are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the 
relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
• 
j, L1(i.f), L2(i.f) and L3(i.f) are either positive or negative numbers specified in the 
relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
• 
f is either positive or negative number. 
• 
E is 0 if the Trigger Event without early redemption is specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or has not occurred, E is 1 if the Trigger Event without early 
redemption has occurred. 
• 
DCFi means the Day Count Fraction relating to the period commencing on (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date i-1 to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date i 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
• 
NTi is the number of T2 Business Days between Interest Payment Date i-1 (included) 
and Interest Payment Date i (excluded). 
 
• 
R1(i) = C1.1(i) * CMS 1.m Y(i) + C1.2(i) * CMS 1.n Y(i) + C1.3(i) * €STR(i) + C1.4(i) 
* Euribor 1.o M(i) + C1.5(i) * Euribor 1.p M(i) + T1.1(i) 
Where 
-       T1.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-      C1.1(i), C1.2(i), C1.3(i), C1.4(i) and C1.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 1.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 1.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 1.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 1.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 1.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 1.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 1.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 1.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
R2(i) = C2.1(i) * CMS 2.m Y(i) + C2.2(i) * CMS 2.n Y(i) + C2.3(i) * €STR(i) + C2.4(i) 
* Euribor 2.o M(i) + C2.5(i) * Euribor 2.p M(i) + T2.1(i) 
Where 
-        T2.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-      C2.1(i), C2.2(i), C2.3(i), C2.4(i) and C2.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 2.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 2.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 2.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 2.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 2.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 2.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 2.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 2.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
R3(i) = C3.1(i) * CMS 3.m Y(i) + C3.2(i) * CMS 3.n Y(i) + C3.3(i) * €STR(i) + C3.4(i) 
* Euribor 3.o M(i) + C3.5(i) * Euribor 3.p M(i) + T3.1(i) 
Where

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
 
-  T3.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-  C3.1(i), C3.2(i), C3.3(i), C3.4(i) and C3.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 3.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 3.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 3.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 3.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 3.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 3.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 3.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 3.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
Ni means  
 If BH(i) and BL(i) are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Ni is the 
number of T2 Business Days between Interest Payment Date i-1 (included) and 
Interest Payment Date i (excluded) when (R4(i) – R5(i)) is equal to or higher than 
BL(i) and is equal to or lower than BH(i).  
 If BL(i) is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Ni is the number 
of T2 Business Days between Interest Payment Date i-1 (included) and Interest 
Payment Date i (excluded) when (R4(i) – R5(i)) is equal to or lower than BH(i). 
 If BH(i) is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Ni is the number 
of T2 Business Days between Interest Payment Date i-1 (included) and Interest 
Payment Date i (excluded) when (R4(i) – R5(i)) is equal to or higher than BL(i). 
 If BH(i) and BL(i) are not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Ni is 
equal to Nti. 
Where 
BH(i) and BL(i) are annual interest rates specified as percentages in the relevant Final 
Terms on Reset Date i.        
 
• 
R4(i) = C4.1(i) * CMS 4.m Y(i) + C4.2(i) * CMS 4.n Y(i) + C4.3(i) * €STR(i) + C4.4(i) 
* Euribor 4.o M(i) + C4.5(i) * Euribor 4.p M(i) + T4.1(i) 
Where 
-          T4.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final 
Terms on Reset Date i. 
-       C4.1(i), C4.2(i), C4.3(i), C4.4(i) and C4.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 4.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 4.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 4.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 4.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 4.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 4.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 4.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 4.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
R5(i) = C5.1(i) * CMS 5.m Y(i) + C5.2(i) * CMS 5.n Y(i) + C5.3(i) * €STR(i) + C5.4(i) 
* Euribor 5.o M(i) + C5.5(i) * Euribor 5.p M(i) + T5.1(i) 
Where 
-       T5.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-      C5.1(i), C5.2(i), C5.3(i), C5.4(i) and C5.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 5.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 5.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 5.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 5.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 5.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 5.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 5.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 5.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
Trigger Event without early redemption means:

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
 
If L4(i) x Max[0; (∑
Coupon(k)
i
k=1
) - S1(i) x Denomination] + L5(i) x 
Max[0;R6(i);R7(i)] + L6(i) x IN + L7(i) x  
NN > 0 
 
Where 
• 
S1(i), L4(i), L5(i), L6(i) and L7(i) are either positive or negative numbers specified 
in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
• 
k is either positive or negative number. 
 
• 
R6(i) = C6.1(i) * CMS 6.m Y(i) + C6.2(i) * CMS 6.n Y(i) + C6.3(i) * €STR(i) + C6.4(i) 
* Euribor 6.o M(i) + C6.5(i) * Euribor 6.p M(i) + T6.1(i) 
Where 
-        T6.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-      C6.1(i), C6.2(i), C6.3(i), C6.4(i) and C6.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 6.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 6.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 6.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 6.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 6.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 6.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 6.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 6.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
R7(i) = C7.1(i) * CMS 7.m Y(i) + C7.2(i) * CMS 7.n Y(i) + C7.3(i) * €STR(i) + C7.4(i) 
* Euribor 7.o M(i) + C7.5(i) * Euribor 7.p M(i) + T7.1(i) 
Where 
-       T7.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-     C7.1(i), C7.2(i), C7.3(i), C7.4(i) and C7.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 7.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 7.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 7.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 7.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 7.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 7.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 7.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 7.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
If IN is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the value is 1 if the 
Issuer sends a notification otherwise value is 0. If IN is specified as being not applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, its value is 0. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 and the Fiscal Agent not less than the irrevocable notice 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
• 
If NN is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the value is 1 if the 
Noteholder sends a notification otherwise value is 0. If NN is specified as being not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, its value is 0. The Noteholder shall notify the 
Issuer not less than the irrevocable notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
If Multi Formula is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Early Redemption 
Amount or (if no Trigger Event with early redemption has occurred before the Maturity 
Date) the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Early Redemption Date or, as the case 
may be, the Maturity Date shall be the amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
 
Redemption Amount = 100% * Specified denomination + [MIN [ FBH(i); MAX[ FBL(i); 
Specified denomination * ((1 - E) * Formula(i) + R3(i) * E) * Ni/NTi * DCFI + L12(i) x 
(∑
Coupon(k)
i−1
k=1
)]]] 
 
Where 
• 
If FBH(i) and FBL(i) are specified as applicable in the final terms, they are amount of 
interests specified as percentages of the Specified denomination in the relevant Final 
Terms on Reset Date i. 
• 
L12(i) is either positive or negative numbers specified in the relevant Final Terms on 
Reset Date i. 
• 
k is either positive or negative number. 
 
Trigger Event with early redemption means: 
If L8(i) x Max[0; (∑
Coupon(k)
i
k=1
) - S2(i) x Denomination] + L9(i) x 
Max[0;R8(i);R9(i)] + L10(i) x IN +  L11(i) x NN > 0 
 
Where 
• 
S2(i), L8(i), L9(i), L10(i) and L11(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
• 
k is either positive or negative number. 
 
• 
R8(i) = C8.1(i) * CMS 8.m Y(i) + C8.2(i) * CMS 8.n Y(i) + C8.3(i) * €STR(i) + C8.4(i) 
* Euribor 8.o M(i) + C8.5(i) * Euribor 8.p M(i) + T8.1(i) 
Where 
-        T8.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-      C8.1(i), C8.2(i), C8.3(i), C8.4(i) and C8.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 8.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 8.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 8.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 8.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 8.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 8.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 8.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 8.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
R9(i) = C9.1(i) * CMS 9.m Y(i) + C9.2(i) * CMS 9.n Y(i) + C9.3(i) * €STR(i) + C9.4(i) 
* Euribor 9.o M(i) + C9.5(i) * Euribor 9.p M(i) + T9.1(i) 
Where 
-        T9.1(i) is an annual interest rate specified as percentage in the relevant Final Terms 
on Reset Date i. 
-      C9.1(i), C9.2(i), C9.3(i), C9.4(i) and C9.5(i) are either positive or negative numbers 
specified in the relevant Final Terms on Reset Date i. 
-          CMS 9.m Y(i) is the value of CMS 9.m Y on Reset Date i.  
-          CMS 9.n Y(i) is the value of CMS 9.n Y on Reset Date i. 
-          €STR(i) is the value of €STR on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 9.o M(i) is the value of Euribor 9.o M. on Reset Date i. 
-          Euribor 9.p M(i) is the value of Euribor 9.p M. on Reset Date i. 
 
• 
If IN is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the value is 1 if the 
Issuer sends a notification otherwise value is 0. If IN is specified as being not applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, its value is 0. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 and the Fiscal Agent not less than the irrevocable notice 
period specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
 
• 
If NN is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the value is 1 if the 
Noteholder sends a notification otherwise value is 0. If NN is specified as being not 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, its value is 0. The Noteholder shall notify the 
Issuer not less than the irrevocable notice period specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
D. 
Formulae applicable to Index Linked Notes 
D.1 Formula applicable to the Final Redemption Amount 
Vanilla 
The objective of the Vanilla Notes is to pay final redemption amount linked to the 
performance of the Selection.  
 
If Vanilla is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Note shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× (𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏% + 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂+ 𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎𝐎) 
 
where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to: 
 
𝐆𝐆× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂,  𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓 × (𝐏𝐏× 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁(𝐭𝐭) –  𝐊𝐊), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅)) 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
P means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated, 
if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae 
listed in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with regard to the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
Conditional 
Vanilla 
The Conditional Vanilla is designed to pay a final redemption amount linked to the 
performance of the Selection and the value of the Relevant FX. The payment of this amount 
is nonetheless conditional on the fulfilment of one or several conditions. 
 
If Conditional Vanilla is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount per Note shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 × [𝐑𝐑 +  𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂 + (𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟏𝟏 × 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏× 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟏𝟏)  
+ (𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟐𝟐 ×  𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐 × 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟐𝟐) + (𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟑𝟑 × 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑 
× 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟑𝟑)]  
 
where: 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟏𝟏 = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏 + 𝐆𝐆𝟏𝟏 ×  𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝟏𝟏
× (𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏 (𝐭𝐭) – 𝐊𝐊𝟏𝟏), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟏𝟏)) 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟐𝟐 = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐 + 𝐆𝐆𝟐𝟐 ×  𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝟐𝟐 
× (𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟐𝟐 (𝐭𝐭) – 𝐊𝐊𝟐𝟐), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟐𝟐)) 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟑𝟑 = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑+ 𝐆𝐆𝟑𝟑 ×  𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝟑𝟑 
× (𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟑𝟑 (𝐭𝐭) – 𝐊𝐊𝟑𝟑), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟑𝟑)) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏 =  𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟒𝟒 (𝐭𝐭) ≥ 𝐇𝐇 
 
=  𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧  
 
𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐 =  𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟓𝟓 (𝐭𝐭) <  𝐁𝐁 
 
=  0 if not  
 
𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑 =  𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 "𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟔𝟔 (𝐭𝐭) ≥ 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 𝐚𝐚𝐚𝐚𝐚𝐚 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟕𝟕 (𝐭𝐭) ≤ 𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐" 
 
= 0 if not  
 
where: 
 
FX1 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX1(T)/FX1(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX1(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the last Valuation Date, and FX1(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
FX2 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX2(T)/FX2(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX2(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the last Valuation Date, and FX2(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
FX3 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX3(T)/FX3(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX3(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 3 as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the last Valuation Date, and FX3(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 3 as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date.  
 
Relevant FX 1 means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Relevant FX 2 means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Relevant FX 3 means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
R means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
 
 
Coupon, Coupon1, Coupon2, Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
G1, G2, G3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1, Cap2, Cap3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1, Floor2, Floor3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1, K2, K3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1, Type2, Type3 means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H" is specified as Not Applicable, 
then "Condition1 = 0" in any event. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as Not Applicable, 
then "Condition2 = 1" in any event. 
 
D1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "D1" is specified as Not Applicable, 
then: 
 
𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑 =  𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟕𝟕 (𝐭𝐭) ≤ 𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐 
 
= 0 if not  
 
D2 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "D2" is specified as Not Applicable, 
then: 
 
𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑 =  𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟔𝟔 (𝐭𝐭) ≥ 𝐃𝐃𝟏𝟏 
 
= 0 if not  
 
If both "D1" and "D2" are specified as Not Applicable: Condition3 = 0  
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), BasketPerf4 (t), BasketPerf5 (t), 
BasketPerf6 (t), BasketPerf7 (t) mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation 
Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their 
respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in section 2 above 
(Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", 
as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when 
the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
D.2 Formula applicable to the Interest Amount 
Digital Series 
The Digital Series may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each Interest 
Payment Date. If applicable, the "Lock-in" effect may be activated, making the interest 
amounts unconditional. Also, if applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, 
which triggers payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
 
 
If Digital Series is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on each Valuation 
Date indexed "t", the Interest Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date indexed "t", 
shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
if Lockin Condition(t) = 1, then: 
 
𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈 𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) =  𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 ×  𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋(𝐭𝐭) 
 
If Lockin Condition(t) = 0, then: 
 
𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈 𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) =  𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 ×  𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍(𝐭𝐭) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍𝐍(𝐭𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂(𝐭𝐭) + 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) + 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)
× 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)  
+ 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭) −𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐭𝐭) 
 
𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋𝐋(𝐭𝐭) =  𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂(𝐭𝐭) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
Condition𝟏𝟏 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf𝟏𝟏 (t) ≥ 𝐇𝐇(𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition𝟐𝟐 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf𝟐𝟐 (t) ≤ 𝐁𝐁(𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition3 (t) = 1 "if BasketPerf𝟑𝟑 (t) ≥ D1 (t) and BasketPerf𝟒𝟒 (t) ≤ D2 (t)" 
 
= 0 if not 
 
LockinCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf𝟓𝟓 (t) ≥ L(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
MemoryCondition(t) = 1 if Condition1(t) = 1 or Condition2(t) = 1 or Condition3(t) = 1 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
CouponMin(t), Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t), Coupon3 (t), Coupon4 (t) means an interest rate 
as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
 
 
D1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If D1 (t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then: 
 
Condition3 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf4 (t) ≤ D2 (t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
D2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If D2 (t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then: 
 
Condition3 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf3 (t) ≥ D1 (t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
- If both "D1(t)" and "D2(t)" are specified as Not Applicable: Condition3 (t) = 0  
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), BasketPerf4 (t), BasketPerf5 (t) mean 
performances of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, 
one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using 
one of the formulae specified in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. It 
should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j. 
D.3 Formulae applicable to the Interest Amount, to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and to the 
Final redemption Amount 
Autocallable 
Conditional 
Vanilla Series 
Autocallable Conditional Vanilla Series are Notes that may include regular interest amounts 
as well as a variable final redemption amount. On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an 
interest amount linked to the performance of the Selection is potentially paid on the Interest 
Payment Date indexed "t". At maturity, the capital of the Notes may be at risk depending on 
the final performance of the Selection. Moreover, the Notes may be automatically redeemed 
before the maturity of the Notes if the performance of the selection is above a threshold. In 
such cases, the Notes are redeemed at par, with any accrued interest amount also payable. 
 
If Autocallable Conditional Vanilla Series is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, on each Valuation Date indexed "t", the Interest Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date indexed "t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, shall be calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈 𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭)
= 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× ([𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) ×  𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭)] 
+ [𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)   
× 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)] −𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐭𝐭) ×  𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐨𝐨𝐧𝐧(𝐭𝐭)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) + 𝐆𝐆𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 (𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭), 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 (𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭)

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
 
−𝐊𝐊𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭)), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟏𝟏 (𝐭𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟐𝟐 (𝐭𝐭) = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐+ 𝐆𝐆𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭), 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 (𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) × (𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) 
−𝐊𝐊𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭))) 
 
And: 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟑𝟑 (𝐭𝐭) ≥ 𝐇𝐇𝟏𝟏 (𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐 (𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟒𝟒 (𝐭𝐭) ≤ 𝐁𝐁𝟐𝟐 (𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 (𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭)
= 𝟏𝟏 𝐨𝐨𝐨𝐨 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where: 
 
Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G1 (t), G2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 (t), Cap2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t), Floor2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1 (t), K2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1 (t), Type2 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H1 (t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Upside Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B2 (t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Downside Condition2 (t) = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), BasketPerf4 (t) mean performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted 
that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the value of Interest Amount(t) is negative, no Interest Amount shall be payable on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
 
If Autocallable Conditional Vanilla Series is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where:

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
 
 
𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) =  𝟏𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) =  𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟓𝟓 (𝐭𝐭) ≥ 𝐑𝐑(𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf5 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the 
formulae listed in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Issuer shall pay the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Note on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date following immediately the Valuation Date "t" as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× [𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏% + (𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭)) + (𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟒𝟒(𝐭𝐭) × 
 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝟒𝟒(𝐭𝐭))] 
 
where:  
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟑𝟑 (𝐭𝐭) = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑 (𝐭𝐭) + 𝐆𝐆𝟑𝟑 (𝐭𝐭) × 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭), 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 (𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐩𝐩𝐞𝐞𝟑𝟑
× (𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟔𝟔(𝐭𝐭) − 
𝐊𝐊𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭)), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟒𝟒 (𝐭𝐭) = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟒𝟒 (𝐭𝐭) + 𝐆𝐆𝟒𝟒 (𝐭𝐭) × 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟒𝟒(𝐭𝐭), 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 (𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝐓𝟒𝟒
× (𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟕𝟕(𝐭𝐭) − 
𝐊𝐊𝟒𝟒(𝐭𝐭)), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟒𝟒(𝐭𝐭))) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟖𝟖 (𝐭𝐭) ≥ 𝐇𝐇𝟑𝟑 (𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝟒𝟒 (𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟗𝟗 (𝐭𝐭) ≤ 𝐁𝐁𝟒𝟒 (𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where: 
 
Coupon3 (t), Coupon4 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G3 (t), G4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap3 (t), Cap4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
 
 
Floor3 (t), Floor4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K3 (t), K4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type3 (t), Type4 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H3 (t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B4 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B4 (t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition4 (t) = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf6 (t), BasketPerf7 (t), BasketPerf8 (t), BasketPerf9 (t) mean performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted 
that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Autocallable Conditional Vanilla Series is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Note shall be equal to: 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× [𝟏𝟏𝟎𝟎𝟎𝟎% +  𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅
× (𝟏𝟏 – 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟓𝟓) – 𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟓𝟓  
× 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟓𝟓] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟓𝟓 = 𝐆𝐆𝟓𝟓× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟓𝟓, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌((𝐊𝐊𝟓𝟓 – 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏 (𝐭𝐭)), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟓𝟓)) 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝟓𝟓= 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) < 𝐁𝐁𝟓𝟓 
 
=  𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅 = 𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟔𝟔× 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟔𝟔+ 𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟕𝟕 × 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟕𝟕 
 
with: 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟔𝟔= 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟔𝟔+ 𝐆𝐆𝟔𝟔× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟔𝟔, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌((𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭)– 𝐊𝐊𝟔𝟔), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟔𝟔)) 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟕𝟕= 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟕𝟕+ 𝐆𝐆𝟕𝟕× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟕𝟕, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌((𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) – 𝐊𝐊𝟕𝟕), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟕𝟕)) 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟔𝟔= 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) ≥𝐇𝐇𝐇𝐇 
 
=  𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟕𝟕= 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) ≥𝐇𝐇𝐇𝐇 
 
=  𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where:

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
 
 
Coupon6, Coupon7 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B5" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Downside Condition5 = 1 in any event. 
 
H6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H6" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition6 = 0 in any event. 
 
H7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H7" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition7 = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf10 (t), BasketPerf11 (t), BasketPerf12 (t), BasketPerf13 (t), BasketPerf14 (t), 
BasketPerf15 (t) mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated 
with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is 
calculated using one of the formulae specified in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to 
Index Linked Notes), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final 
Terms. It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from 
the subscript "j". 
 
Phoenix 
 
The Phoenix Notes may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each Interest 
Payment Date. If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which 
triggers payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption 
may occur during the term of the Notes. At maturity and in case of Automatic Early 
Redemption, the capital of the Notes may be at risk depending on the final performance of 
the Selection.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
 
 
If Phoenix is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, on each Valuation Date 
indexed "t", the Interest Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date indexed "t", unless 
this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, shall 
be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈𝐈 𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭)
= 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× [𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭)
+ (𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) – 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐭𝐭)) 
× 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔(𝐭𝐭)] 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥ H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated, if needs be with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated 
using one of the formulae listed in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes) above with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf" as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If Phoenix is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Automatic Early 
Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) ≥ 𝐑𝐑(𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the 
formulae listed in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
 
 
In this case, the Issuer shall pay the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Note on the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formulas: 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× (𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏% + 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭) ≥𝐇𝐇𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the 
formulae listed in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If Phoenix is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Note has never been 
subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final Redemption Amount per Note 
shall be equal to: 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× [𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏% + 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅 –  𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕 × 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 
× (𝟏𝟏−𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔3)] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕= 𝐆𝐆× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌 ((𝐊𝐊 – 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟒𝟒(𝐭𝐭)), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅)) 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃= 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟓𝟓(𝐭𝐭) < 𝐁𝐁 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅= (𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟒𝟒× (𝟏𝟏−𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃)) 
+(𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟓𝟓× 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔3)      
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟓𝟓= 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟓𝟓+ 𝐆𝐆𝟓𝟓× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟓𝟓, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌((𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟔𝟔(𝐭𝐭) –  𝐊𝐊𝟓𝟓), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟓𝟓)) 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟑𝟑= 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟕𝟕(𝐭𝐭) ≥𝐇𝐇𝟑𝟑 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where:

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf4(t), BasketPerf5(t), BasketPerf6(t), BasketPerf7(t) mean performances of the 
Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation 
Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified 
in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with regard to the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
D.4 Formulae applicable to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and to the Final Redemption 
Amount 
Autocall 
Autocall Notes may be automatically redeemed before the maturity of the Notes if the 
performance of the Selection is above a threshold. In such case, the Notes are redeemed at 
par, with any accrued interest amount also payable. 
 
If Autocall is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Automatic Early 
Redemption of the product is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 
 
𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) ≥𝐑𝐑(𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where:

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the 
formulae listed in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Issuer shall pay the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Note on the 
Interest Payment Date following immediately the Valuation Date "t" as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× (𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏% + 𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭)) 
 
𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀𝐀(𝐭𝐭) = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟏𝟏(𝐭𝐭) + 𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) × 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔(𝐭𝐭) 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) = 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) + 𝐆𝐆𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)
× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌ቀ𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭), 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌൫𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭) – 𝐊𝐊𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟐𝟐(𝐭𝐭)൯ቁ 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔(𝐭𝐭) = 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟑𝟑(𝐭𝐭) ≥𝐇𝐇(𝐭𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t) means performances of the Selection on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated 
using one of the formulae listed in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. It 
should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
If Autocall is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Automatic Early 
Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption Amount per Note shall be equal 
to:

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃× (𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏𝟏% + 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅 – 𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕× 𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃 
× (𝟏𝟏−𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔4)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕= 𝐆𝐆× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌((𝐊𝐊 – 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟓𝟓(𝐭𝐭)), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅)) 
 
𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃= 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟔𝟔(𝐭𝐭) < 𝐁𝐁 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅= (𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟑𝟑× (𝟏𝟏−𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃𝐃)) + (𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟒𝟒
× 𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟒𝟒) 
 
𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝐕𝟒𝟒= 𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟒𝟒+ 𝐆𝐆𝟒𝟒× 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝐂𝟒𝟒, 𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌𝐌(𝐏𝐏× (𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝟒𝟒(𝐭𝐭) – 𝐊𝐊𝟒𝟒), 𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝐅𝟒𝟒)) 
 
𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝐔𝟒𝟒= 𝟏𝟏 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐁𝐤𝐤𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝐞𝟕𝟕(𝐭𝐭) ≥𝐇𝐇𝟒𝟒 
 
= 𝟎𝟎 𝐢𝐢𝐢𝐢 𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧𝐧 
 
where: 
 
Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
H4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
P means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf4(t), BasketPerf5(t), BasketPerf6(t), BasketPerf7(t) mean performances of the 
Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
 
Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified 
in section 2 above (Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes), with regard to the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j".

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF  
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or 
Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the 
principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a principal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a principal amount of 
Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the TEFRA C or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to 
which, see "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME — Selling Restrictions"), in 
whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a 
form of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal 
amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base 
Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market 
requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes shall be available at the specified 
offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its Issue Date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior 
to such day pursuant to Condition 14(a), the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global Certificate shall 
be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 40 days after the issue of such further Materialised 
Notes.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) be applied 
by the Issuer either: 
• 
to be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
• 
in the case of Themed Notes, to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing 
projects included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and as 
further described in the Issuer’s Green, Social & Sustainability Bond Framework (as amended 
and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.labanquepostale.com/investor/debt); or  
• 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there 
is a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above). 
In relation to Themed Notes, the Green, Social & Sustainability Bond Framework is based on the Green 
Bond Principles (the "GBP"), the Social Bond Principles (the "SBP") and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines (the "SBG"), each published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2018 
edition and which has been updated in 2021. It may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates 
to the GBP, SBP or SBG and evolutions in the Group activities. The Green, Social & Sustainability 
Bond Framework sets out categories of projects included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio which have 
been identified by the Group as promoting positive or reducing negative impact on the environment 
and/or with a positive social impact. 
The Issuer has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") 
on the Green, Social & Sustainability Bond Framework, assessing the environmental and social added 
value of the Green, Social & Sustainability Bond Framework and its alignment with the GBP, the SBP 
and the SBG. This Second Party Opinion document will be available on Vigeo-Eiris’ website 
(http://www.vigeo-eiris.com) and on the Issuer’s website (www.labanquepostale.com/investor/debt). 
Allocation reporting will be available to investors within approximately one year from the date of the 
issue of the relevant Themed Notes, and thereafter once a year until full allocation of the proceeds. The 
reporting will produce the total amount allocated to the various categories of projects included in the 
Eligible Loan Portfolio. This information will be externally reviewed and will be publicly available on 
the Issuer’s website. 
External auditors appointed by the Issuer will verify on an annual basis and until the full allocation of 
proceeds the following information: 
• 
the compliance of assets financed by the Themed Notes’ proceeds with the criteria specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
• 
the allocated amount related to projects included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio is financed by 
the Themed Notes’ proceeds; and 
• 
the management of proceeds and unallocated proceeds amount. 
Such 
external 
auditor’s 
reports 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.labanquepostale.com/investor/debt).

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Information on the Issuer is set out in the Issuer’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the 
AMF under n° D.23-0136 on 22 March 2023 incorporated herein by reference. (Please refer to the cross-
reference tables on pages 42 to 46 of this Base Prospectus).  
La Banque Postale, a limited company with Executive and Supervisory Boards, is the parent company 
of La Banque Postale Group.  
 La Banque Postale Group's business is focused on four business lines:  
(i) Bancassurance France, 
(ii) International Bancassurance, 
(iii) Wealth and Asset Management, and 
(iv) Corporate and Investment Banking. 
La Banque Postale is a bank that works in the best interest of the community at large, and it has assumed 
La Poste's values of trust, accessibility and local presence, endowing it from the start with an unusual 
and unique positioning in the French market. This policy is driven by an offer based on low service 
rates, access for all customers and a simple product range that focuses on customer needs.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
 
RECENT EVENTS  
On 27 February 2023, La Banque Postale, La Banque Postale Asset Management, Groupe Primonial 
and La Financière de l’Echiquier published the following press release: 
 
La Banque Postale reinforces its asset management activities: LBP AM enters into 
exclusive negotiations with Groupe Primonial with a view to acquiring 100% of La 
Financière de l'Échiquier (LFDE) 
 
La Banque Postale, which is one of the bancassurance leaders in Europe, aims to accelerate its business 
diversification and develop its levers for growth, both in France and abroad. The proposed transaction 
is fully in line with this ambition.  
 
With this transaction, La Banque Postale Asset Management (LBP AM), a subsidiary of La Banque 
Postale (at 75%) and Aegon Asset Management (at 25%), would consolidate its position as a multi-
specialist conviction manager with total assets under management of €67 billion. It would also extend 
its presence to 9 European countries and broaden its range of products. 
 
By enhancing and combining the strengths of three brands – LBP AM, LFDE and Tocqueville Finance 
- the transaction would give rise to a key European conviction manager, with recognized financial 
performance and a shared set of values in favor of responsible finance. The new structure would build 
on respective staff and management teams and would benefit from new strategic advantages: 
 
The ability to accelerate its development in France and in Europe, by relying on the distribution 
channels of the three entities at the benefit of all products of the new LBP AM Group  
 
An expanded product range for all customers of each entity 
 
A leading expertise in SRI investments in Europe, capitalizing on the power of the tools and the 
methodological approaches of the three entities to enrich the range of sustainable finance solutions 
 
A support from long-term shareholding, giving the new group the means to reach its full potential 
and accelerate its development in terms of innovation and performance  
Created in 1991 and managing €11 billion of assets at the end of 2022, LFDE was built on an 
entrepreneurial culture that it will continue to faster to the benefit. A specialist in active and high 
tracking error asset management, and a long-standing reference for independent financial advisors 
(IFAs) and private clients, LFDE is also recognized as a strategic partner by many French banking 
groups and institutional investors. At the same time, LFDE has developed its European presence with 
a sales platform in 9 countries. 
 
LBP AM, which managed €56 billion at the end of 2022 (including Tocqueville Finance), offers a range 
of investment solutions combining expertise on listed assets (equities, convertible bonds, multi-assets, 
absolute return and quantitative solutions) and real assets (infrastructure, real estate and corporate 
private debt, private equity), mainly for the French institutional and retail markets, in particular La 
Banque Postale Group. Tocqueville Finance, a 100% subsidiary of LBP AM, is a historical player in 
equity conviction management. It has shown a very strong growth since 2018 with €12 billion under 
management at the end of 2022, and has a complementary investment philosophy to LFDE’s.  
 
Philippe Heim, Chairman of the Executive Board of La Banque Postale, says: “The acquisition of 
La Financière de l’Échiquier would be a growth accelerator for LBP AM, which would strengthen its 
activities by integrating recognized teams. With this transaction, LBP AM would reach to the podium 
of multi-specialist conviction managers in Europe and give itself the ability to address a wider range 
of clients, thanks to the complementarities of its sales forces. La Banque Postale Group thus confirms 
its desire to develop both its asset management and international activities.”  
 
Emmanuelle Mourey, Chairwoman of the Management Board of LBP AM, says: “We are 
delighted with this project to acquire La Financière de l’Échiquier, which reinforces the choice made

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
 
2 years ago to adopt a multi-specialist conviction management model. In an increased competitive 
environment, this transaction would be a major asset to strengthen our distribution channels and 
continue our growth in France and Europe. I am convinced that the quality of the teams in 
place and the sharing of a common culture of innovation would allow us to respond effectively to the 
crucial challenges of our industry and to the needs of all our clients in terms of financial and extra-
financial performance.”  
 
Stéphane Vidal, Chairman of Groupe Primonial, says: “As we anticipated in 2021, a new page 
should open for La Financière de l’Échiquier, which, after 5 years of fruitful collaboration within 
Groupe Primonial, would join La Banque Postale Group. Groupe Primonial would remain linked to 
LFDE by the ongoing commercial partnerships, which are enjoying great success. We are extremely 
proud of LFDE and its teams. The history we wrote together has brought a lot to all of us.  
 
Bettina Ducat, Chief Executive Officer of La Financière de l’Échiquier, says: “By joining LBP AM, 
LFDE would enter a new stage in an entrepreneurial history that began more than 30 years ago. 
Within Groupe Primonial since 2019, the profile of LFDE has been greatly enriched, successfully 
developing both geographically but also with new products and towards new customer segments. LBP 
AM is a solid player with great ambitions. It intends to capitalize on the LFDE brand by relying on its 
managers and employees, while preserving the autonomy and agility that have always characterized 
this company.” 
 
La Banque Postale Group and Groupe Primonial announce that they have concluded today a 
memorandum of understanding for the project to acquire 100% of the capital and voting rights of La 
Financière de l'Échiquier (LFDE). 
 
The signing of the final agreements by La Banque Postale Group and Groupe Primonial is subject to 
prior information and/or consultation of the relevant employee representative bodies and should take 
place during the second quarter of 2023. The proposed acquisition is also subject to approval by the 
Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and the Autorité de la concurrence and should be completed by 
the end of the third quarter of 2023. 
 
* * * * * 
 
About La Banque Postale  
La Banque Postale group, including CNP Assurances, is a leading European bancassurer at the 
forefront of sustainable finance. With its diversified business model and wide range of affordable 
products, the Group partners with 20 million individual and business customers. A subsidiary of Le 
Groupe La Poste, La Banque Postale offers local banking services through 17,000 contact points, 
including 7,600 post offices, throughout France. The new strategic plan, “La Banque Postale 2030”, 
is designed to support La Banque Postale’s ambition to become France’s favourite bank, thanks to an 
integrated, multi-channel bancassurance offer organised around three distinctive brands: La Banque 
Postale, for day-to-day banking services, Ma French Bank, for mobile banking services, and Louvre 
Banque Privée, for private banking services. As a community bank, La Banque Postale is fully focused 
on shaping a just transition to an economy and a society capable of responding to environmental, social, 
regional and digital challenges. 
 
About La Banque Postale Asset Management  
La Banque Postale Asset Management is 75% owned by La Banque Postale and 25% by Aegon Asset 
Management. A multi-specialist conviction asset manager and expert in SRI, LBP AM operates in four 
investment areas: Equities through its subsidiary Tocqueville Finance, Multi-asset & Absolute Return, 
Quantitative Solutions and Real & Private Assets. It offers its institutional investor and distributor 
clients a range of open-ended funds, dedicated funds and mandates. LBP AM and its subsidiary

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
 
Tocqueville Finance had €56 billion in consolidated assets under management and distribution as per 
31 December 2022. 
 
About GROUPE PRIMONIAL  
Groupe Primonial, an independent leader in wealth management and asset management, offers a full 
range of savings solutions invested in a wide range of asset classes in open architecture.  
The Group is organised into three divisions: real estate asset management, financial asset management, 
and distribution. Its expertise is recognised in each of these three areas.  
With more than €58 billion in assets as of 31/12/2022, Groupe Primonial, which already has a presence 
in several countries, is continuing its international development. 
 
About La Financière de l’Échiquier 
Since its founding in 1991, La Financière de l’Echiquier (LFDE) has become one of France’s top 
entrepreneurial asset management firms. LFDE leverages its know-how in conviction-driven 
investment management to offer sustainable products and solutions that its institutional, distribution 
and private banking clients need to achieve greater value from their investments. LFDE has €11 billion 
under management (as of December 31, 2022), a team of more than 140 employees and is located in 
Germany, Austria, Spain, Italy, Switzerland and the Benelux countries.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain withholding tax considerations relating to the holding of the 
Notes. This summary is based on the laws in force in France as of the date of this Base Prospectus and 
is subject to any changes in law and/or interpretation thereof, possibly with a retroactive effect. It does 
not aim to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision 
to invest in the Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax 
advisor as to the tax consequences of any investment in or ownership and disposition of the Notes. 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to Noteholders who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will 
not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des 
impôts unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou 
territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts 
(a "Non-Cooperative State") other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If 
such payments under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those 
mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. 
withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions 
of an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts.  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other 
assimilated revenues on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are 
paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid on an account 
held with a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the "Deductibility 
Exclusion"). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues 
may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq of the French Code 
général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be 
subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts, at 
(i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the 
standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code 
général des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning as from 1 January 2022) for payments 
benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments 
made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 
238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable 
provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III 
of the French Code général des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other assimilated 
revenues relate to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the 
Deductibility Exclusion and therefore the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French 
Code général des impôts that may be levied as a result of such Deductibility Exclusion will apply in 
respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of 
Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest and other assimilated revenues to be made in a 
Non-Cooperative State (the "Exception"). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - 
Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 n°150 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 n°290, an issue of Notes will benefit 
from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such 
issue of Notes, if such Notes are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an 
equivalent offer in a State other than in a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
 
"equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document 
by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider 
or any other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment 
services provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or  
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
payment and delivery systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators 
provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. where the paying agent 
(établissement payeur) is established in France) and subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar 
revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are 
subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability 
in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and 
solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest 
and similar revenues received by individuals fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, 
subject to certain exceptions.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
24 April 2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") between the 
Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the 
Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its 
own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The 
Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection 
with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of its activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the 
Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable" in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member 
State:

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-
Exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final 
terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in 
the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Prospectus or Final Terms, as 
applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of the Non-Exempt 
Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance 
with Regulation S ("Regulation S") under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold Notes of any identifiable tranche, 
and will not offer or sell, or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, deliver, Notes of any identifiable 
tranche (1) as part of their distribution at any time and (2) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing date, except in accordance 
with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Accordingly, each Dealer, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or 
their behalf has not engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes, 
and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation 
S. Each Dealer also agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
 
Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the 
following effect: 
"The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing 
date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S. Terms used above have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S." 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of a tranche of Notes, an offer or 
sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, unless the Final Terms or the Subscription Agreement relating to one or more Tranches 
specifies that the applicable TEFRA exemption is either "C Rules" or "not applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed in relation to each Tranche of Materialised Notes in bearer form: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) (the "D Rules"); 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it shall not offer or sell, 
Materialised Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person; and 
(ii) 
it has not delivered and shall not deliver within the United States or its possessions 
definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form that are sold during the restricted period, 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period shall have in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Materialised Notes 
in bearer form are aware that such Materialised Notes may not be offered or sold during the 
restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Materialised Notes in bearer form for purposes 
of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Materialised Notes in bearer 
form for its own account, it shall only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. 
Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from it Materialised Notes in bearer form for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Materialised Notes during the restricted period, it either (i) 
repeats and confirms the representations contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on behalf 
of such affiliate or (ii) agrees that it shall obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer 
the representations contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c); and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code)) that purchases any Materialised Notes in bearer form

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
 
from it pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its 
affiliates or is another Dealer), for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the 
representations contained in, and such distributor's agreement to comply with, the provisions 
of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this paragraph insofar as they relate to the D Rules, as 
if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In addition, to the extent that the Final Terms or the Subscription Agreement relating to one or more 
Tranches of Materialised Notes in bearer form specifies that the applicable TEFRA exemption is "C 
Rules", under U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially 
the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the "C Rules"), 
Materialised Notes in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance. In relation to each such Tranche, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and shall not offer, sell or deliver, 
directly or indirectly, Materialised Notes in bearer form within the United States or its possessions in 
connection with their original issuance. Further, in connection with the original issuance of Materialised 
Notes in bearer form, each Dealer has represented that it has not communicated, and shall not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such purchaser or it is within 
the United States or its possessions or otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of 
Materialised Notes in bearer form. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Each issuance of index-, commodity- or currency-linked Notes may be subject to such additional U.S. 
selling restrictions as the relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and 
purchase or, as the case may be, subscription of such Notes. Each relevant Dealer agrees that it shall 
offer, sell and deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
In the event that further interchangeable/fungible Notes are issued in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the terms and conditions of the Notes prior to the end of the relevant restricted periods referred to in 
this selling restriction, such further interchangeable/fungible Notes shall be subject to the foregoing 
U.S. securities law and tax restrictions. 
Dematerialised Notes do not require compliance with the TEFRA Rules. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to 
purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an 
offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person 
outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United States, is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to 
any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes, and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from 
the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
People's Republic of China  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer 
or sell directly or indirectly any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) (the "PRC") as part 
of the initial distribution of the Notes. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
 
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make 
the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer 
which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. 
Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus, 
any Final Terms or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in the PRC. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an 
offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set out 
in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a Non-Exempt Offer of any of the Notes, 
or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms 
and neither any of the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility thereof. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be 
issued outside France.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[The Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2023 expires on 24 April 2024. The updated Base Prospectus 
shall be available on the website of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.labanquepostale.com).] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2  
[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market4] Any 
                                                     
 
1 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 10(viii) of Part 2 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to EEA retail investors, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 10(viii) of Part 2 below. 
2 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 10(ix) of Part 2 below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to UK retail investors, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 10(ix) of Part 2 below. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
4 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
5[6UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market7] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
8[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER9 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services]] OR10 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market11] Any person 
                                                     
 
and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]." 
5 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
6  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
7  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic 
and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]." 
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
9 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
10 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there 
are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution 
services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
11  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic 
and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]."

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]12.]]" 
1314[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), 
and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER15 [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]] OR16 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]. [Consider any negative target market17] Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]18 19.]] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is 
not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]”.]20 
                                                     
 
12  If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
13 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
14  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
15  Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
16  Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
17 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic 
and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts 
invested]." 
18 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
19 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an approval 
of this document or a drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors on a non-exempt basis. 
20 Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of 
the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
La Banque Postale 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 96950066U5XAAIRCPA78 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 
€20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of La Banque Postale 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
PART 1 – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions and the 
Technical Annex set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2023 which received approval number 
no. 23-128 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 24 April 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval number no. [●] from the AMF 
on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")][the Prospectus Regulation]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all 
the relevant information. [A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]21 The 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing free of 
charge on the website of the AMF "(www. amf-france.org)" and on the website of the Issuer 
"(www.labanquepostale.com)". [In addition22, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") which are the [2016 EMTN Conditions/2017 EMTN Conditions/2018 EMTN 
Conditions/2019 EMTN Conditions/2020 EMTN Conditions/2021 EMTN Conditions/2022 EMTN 
Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 11 April 2022.  This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 24 April 2023 which received approval number no. 23-128 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 24 April 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated 
[●] which received approval number no. [●] from the AMF on [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions which are 
incorporated by reference therein in order to obtain all the relevant information (the "Base 
Prospectus").[A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]23 The Base 
                                                     
 
21 Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000. 
22 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on Euronext Paris. 
23 Only required for Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
 
Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing on the website 
of the AMF "(www. amf-france.org)" and on the website of the Issuer "(www.labanquepostale.com)". 
[In addition24, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available 
for viewing [at/on] []].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than 
S$200,000, the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations 
made under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to 
regulation or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [please describe the nature 
of the security, the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person 
is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
La Banque Postale 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] (If fungible with (an) existing Tranche(s), details of 
that Tranche(s), including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible.) 
3. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Principal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading: 
[●] 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] (one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
 
(Senior Non Preferred Notes will be issued with a 
minimum denomination of €50,000.)25 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement Date: 
[●] [Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
 
24 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on Euronext Paris. 
25 Pursuant to the French Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire dated 21 December 2020, 
Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier was amended to implement new Article 44 bis of the BRRD II and 
provide that any such debt securities issued as from 28 December 2020 shall be issued with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 
50,000.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] [In the case of Subordinated Notes, the 
minimum maturity will be five years. / In the case of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, the minimum maturity will 
be one year.] 
9. 
Interest Basis/Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. Resettable Rate] 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/TEC10/€STR/SOFR/SONIA] 
[+/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Interest Linked to a Formula] 
(further particulars specified below) 
[Not Applicable] 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:* 
[Redemption at par] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Redemption Linked to a Formula] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Applicable [please refer to the Technical Annex to the 
Final Terms (for Fixed Rate to Variable Formula or 
Variable Rate to Fixed Formula)] / [(Specify the details 
regarding the conversion of the fixed/floating rate notes 
in accordance with Condition 5(h))]] / [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Noteholder Put]/[Clean-up Call Option] 
/[Not 
Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non Preferred26/Subordinated] 
[(If the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes): 
Prior 
permission 
of 
the 
Relevant 
Regulator: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Date of corporate 
authorisations for the 
issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
                                                     
 
*  
Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and which have a maturity of 
less than one year must (a) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only 
to "professional investors" (or another application exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that 
no part of any such Notes may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies). 
26  
Please make sure that the Senior Non Preferred Notes meet the conditions set out by Article R.613-28 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note and Resettable 
Note Provisions 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. Per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in [arrear/advance]] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with] 
commencing on [●] and ending on [●] / [the Maturity 
Date] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
 
[[●] per [●] in Aggregate Principal Amount]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[Insert particulars of any Initial or Final Broken 
Amounts of interest which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(b) 
Resettable Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in [arrear/advance]] 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]27 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]28 
(iv) 
Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year commencing on [●] and ending on [●] 
(v) 
First Resettable Note 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(vi) 
Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
                                                     
 
27 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
28 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
(xi) 
Subsequent Resettable 
Note Reset Dates: 
[] 
(xii) 
Reset Rate:  
[Mid-Swap Rate] / [Reference Bond Rate] / [Screen 
Page Reference Bond Rate] 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]/[Mean Mid-Swap Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[]/[In accordance with Condition 
5(b)(ii)]/[Not applicable] 
(xvii) Reference Bond Rate 
Screen Page: 
 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(xviii) Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum]29 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable][[●] per cent. Per annum] 
(xx) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [●] to (but excluding) [●]:] [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] (Specify relevant Interest Accrual Period i.e. until the 
Interest Period Date in the case of SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay) 
(ii) 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
 
[●] (Specify Delayed Interest Payment Date in the case 
of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay) 
                                                     
 
29 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment 
Date: 
 
[●] (Specify Delayed Interest Payment Date in the case 
of SOFR Compound with Payment Delay) 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[●] (Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Dates) (Specify in the case of SOFR Compound 
with Payment Delay) 
(v) 
Business Day 
Convention: 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/TEC10/€STR/SOFR/SONIA] 
− 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[[●] [T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period/each Interest Payment Date]] / [] (specify in 
case of SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift 
Compound and SOFR Compound with Payment Delay) 
− 
[Relevant 
Screen Page: 
 
[●] 
[In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this paragraph]] 
− 
[Designated 
Maturity: 
[●]] 
− 
[Specified 
Time: 
[●]] 
− 
[SOFR Rate of 
Interest 
determination: 
 
 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Compound with Payment Delay]] 
− 
[SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date: 
 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
 
[●]/[In accordance with the Conditions] 
− 
[Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
 
 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SOFR or SONIA)  
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
− 
[Interest 
Payment Delay: 
 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)] (Only applicable in the case of SOFR 
Compound with Payment Delay)] 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate: 
[●] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Determination 
Date (Date de 
Détermination 
du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
 
[●] 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
ISDA 
Definitions 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
− 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)).  
− 
Designated 
Maturity: 
 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free-rate). 
− 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the interest period) 
− 
Calculation 
Period: 
 
[] (specify Not Applicable with respect to 2006 ISDA 
Definitions) 
− 
Fixing Day: 
[] (specify Not Applicable with respect to 2006 ISDA 
Definitions) 
− 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date]/[] (specify Not 
Applicable with respect to 2006 ISDA Definitions)

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
 
− 
Termination 
Date: 
 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)]/[] (specify Not 
Applicable with respect to 2006 ISDA Definitions) 
− 
Delayed 
Payment: 
 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall 
be five (5) days) / Not Applicable] (specify Not 
Applicable with respect to 2006 ISDA Definitions) 
− 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (specify Not Applicable 
with respect to 2006 ISDA Definitions) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
overnight rate) 
− 
OIS 
Compounding: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
− 
Compounding 
with Lookback: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Lookback: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
− 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period Shift: 
 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value will be five (5)) 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [] 
− 
Compound with 
Lockout: 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [●]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default 
value of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]30 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[●] per cent. per annum]31 
                                                     
 
30 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
31 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable][[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield 
(Condition 6(i)(i)): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360 (ISDA] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent 
responsible for 
calculating the interest 
due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(v) 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[] 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [●]) 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 30E/360 / 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[0%]/+[●] per cent. Per annum] 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
18. 
Interest linked to a formula: 
[Not Applicable/Please refer to the Technical Annex 
attached to these Final Terms] 
19. 
Index Linked Notes (single 
index): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
 
(i) 
Type: 
[[Single/Multi] Exchange Index Linked Notes] 
(ii) 
Index: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Calculation Agent (if 
not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[specify] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a)(B)/1(a)(C) of 
the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a)(B)/1(a)(C) of 
the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(vii) 
Initial Level: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(d)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]]

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(d)(B) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(x) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
 
 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] / [As provided in 
the Technical Annex attached to these Final Terms] 
 
(If not applicable or in case of reference to the 
Technical Annex attached to these Final Terms, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(e)(B) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Level: 
 
 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
 
 
 
[specify]

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Averaging Dates: 
 
 
[specify] 
(g) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period(s): 
 
 
 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range 
Accrual 
Rate: 
 
[specify / see definition in Condition 1(h)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day: 
[specify / see definition in Condition 1(h)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / [“greater than”/“greater than or equal to”/“less 
than”/“less than or equal to”]] 
(e) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(h)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(xii) 
Averaging Dates: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xiii) 
Observation Period(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xv) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Valuation Date [and/or Averaging Dates] 
[and/or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
[and/or Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Dates]: 
specify / See definition in Condition 1 of the Additional 
Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a)(B) and 1(a)(C) 
of the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(xvii) Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in Condition 
1(a)(A) of the Additional Conditions applicable to Index 
Linked Notes] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
 
 
[specify] 
(b) 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business Day: 
 
[specify]

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
 
(xviii) Monetisation 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xix) and (xx) 
below) 
(xix) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where R is []  
(xx) 
Monetisation 
Formula 
to yield no less than the 
amount of the Specified 
Denomination: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Change of Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(xxii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(xxiii) Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
20. 
Index Linked Notes (basket of 
indices): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
In respect of each Index in the Basket: 
 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Weighting: 
In respect of each Index in the Basket: 
 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Basket: 
[specify] [Single/Multi-Exchange Basket] 
(iv) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Calculation Agent (if 
not 
the 
Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(a)(B)/2(a)(C) of 
the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(vii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(a)(B)/2(a)(C) of 
the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(viii) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Initial Level:  
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(a)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes]

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
 
(x) 
Index Performance: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Basket Performance: 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Knock-in Event:  
[Not Applicable / [“greater than”/“greater than or equal 
to”/“less than”/“less than or equal to”]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Index: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in 
Number 
of 
Indices: 
 
 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date:  
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention:  
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending Date:  
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-in Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention:  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-in 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(xiii) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not Applicable / [“greater than”/“greater than or equal 
to”/“less than”/“less than or equal to”]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Index: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out 
Number 
of 
Indices: 
 
 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(B) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes]

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
 
(d) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date:  
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention:  
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending Date:  
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-out Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention:  
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-out 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(B) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(xiv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]]/ [As provided in 
the Technical Annex attached to these Final Terms] 
 
(If not applicable or in case of reference to the Technical 
Annex attached to these Final Terms, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(e)(B) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Date(s):  
 
 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Level:  
 
 
[specify]  
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Number 
of 
Indices: 
 
 
 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(e) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate:  [specify]  
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s):  
 
 
 
[specify]

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
 
(g) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Averaging Dates: 
 
 
[specify] 
(h) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Observation 
Period(s): 
 
 
 
[specify] 
(xv) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range 
Accrual 
Rate: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(h)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(h)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Triggering Index: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Trigger Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(h)(A) of the 
Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(xvi) 
Observation Period(s) 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xvii) Averaging Dates:  
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xviii) Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xix) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Valuation Date [and/or Averaging Dates] 
[and/or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
[and/or Automatic Early Redemption Averaging Dates]: 
specify / See definition in Condition 2 of the Additional 
Conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes] 
(xx) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(a)(B) and 2(a)(C) 
of the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes] 
(xxi) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in Condition 
2(a)(A) of the Additional Conditions applicable to Index 
Linked Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange 
Rate 
Determination 
Date: 
 
 
[specify]

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
 
(b) 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business Day: 
 
[specify] 
(xxii) Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxv) and 
(xxvii) below) 
(xxiii) Monetisation Formula: 
where R is []  
(xxiv) Monetisation 
Formula 
to yield no less than the 
amount of the Specified 
Denomination: 
 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Change of Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxvi) Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxvii) Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]32 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[●] (specify the optional redemption date(s) or the 
optional redemption period(s), as the case may be) [In 
the case of Subordinated Notes, the first Optional 
Redemption Date shall be at least five years after the 
Issue Date of the first relevant Tranche] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[●]  
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination] / [Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Specified Denomination] / [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
22. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (the Noteholder Put Option 
never applies to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
                                                     
 
32 
Insert Not Applicable in case of Italian Listed Certificates.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
 
Preferred Notes and, Senior Preferred Notes if "Prior 
permission of the Relevant Regulator" is specified as 
applicable 
in 
these 
Final 
Terms)] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
 
 
[●] 
23. 
Clean-up Call Option by the 
Issuer (Condition 6(d)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Clean-up Percentage 
[75%]/[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
 
[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other 
than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
 
 
[●] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
 
[[] per Note of [[] Specified Denomination/As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes, as the case 
may be/As provided in the Technical Annex attached to 
these Final Terms] 
- Inflation Linked Notes – 
Provisions relating to the Final 
Redemption Amount (Condition 
6(h)): 
 
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Condition 6(h) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to []) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[●]

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
 
(v) 
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[●] 
- Index Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable: as provided in the Technical Annex 
attached to these Final Terms/Not Applicable] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[in accordance with the Conditions]/[in accordance with 
the Additional Conditions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes]/[As provided in the Technical Annex attached to 
these Final Terms] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form)  
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether)] 
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/ 
[fully/administered] Registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif [pur/administré])] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable (if applicable please give 
name and details)] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global 
Certificate: 
 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), being 40 days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
27. 
Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to 
payments dates: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15(vi) and 
17(ix) relate)] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes 
(and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
29. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply]

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
 
30. 
[Events of Default for Senior 
Preferred Notes (Condition 
9(a)): 
 
Non-payment 
(condition 
9(a)(i)): 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Breach of other obligations (condition 9(a)(ii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Cross-default (condition 9(a)(iii)): [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Sale, transfer or disposal of the whole or a substantial part 
of its assets (condition 9(a)(iv)): [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Insolvency (or other similar proceeding) (condition 
9(a)(v)): [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
31. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
[Issue outside of France: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Name and address of the Representative: []] 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: []] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration]/[The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [] for the 
entire Series referred to herein]. 
[As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to 
such Series, such Noteholder will exercise all the powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce, as 
supplemented by the Conditions. Such sole Noteholder 
shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken in 
this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of all or part of the Notes of such 
Series. A Representative shall be appointed when the 
Notes of a Series are held by more than one Noteholder.] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market] of the Notes described herein] pursuant to the €20,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Notes Programme of the Issuer.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[] has been 
extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]*  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised 
                                                     
 
* To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
 
PART 2 – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/none] 
(ii) 
(a) 
Admission to 
 
trading 
 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [•].] / [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [specify relevant regulated market] with 
effect from [•].] / [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already listed and admitted to 
trading.) 
(b) 
[Regulated 
Markets or 
equivalent 
markets on 
which, to the 
knowledge of 
the Issuer, 
securities of the 
same class of 
the Notes to be 
offered or 
admitted to 
trading are 
already 
admitted to 
trading: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
(iii) 
[Estimate of total 
expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]33] 
(iv) 
Additional publication 
of Base Prospectus and 
Final Terms 
 
[●] (See Condition 14 which provides that the Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms of Notes admitted to trading 
on any regulated market in the EEA will be published on 
the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers. Please 
provide for additional methods of publication in respect 
of an admission to trading on a regulated market other 
than the Autorité des marchés financiers) 
                                                     
 
33 Required only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
 
2. 
RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT  
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes to be issued [have been rated] [are expected to be rated]] [The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally] [] by [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")/ Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch")/ Moody’s France SAS ("Moody’s")].  
[Each of] [S&P] [and] [Fitch] [and] [Moody’s] is established in the [European Union], and 
[each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s] is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is included in the list 
of registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.) 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in the United Kingdom and 
[is][are] not registered under Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating[s] of the Notes issued by 
[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is/are] endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK 
CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. 
As such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]34 
Euro equivalent: 
[Not Applicable/Euro [●]] (Only applicable for Notes not denominated in Euro). The 
aggregate principal amount of Notes issued has been converted into Euro at the rate of [●], 
producing a sum of: [●] 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided 
- include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include 
names of competent authorities of host Member States] with [a] certificate[s] of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [has/have] been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
                                                     
 
34 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the Notes issued by the EEA 
CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
 
["Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any 
fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Managers in connection with the issue 
of Notes,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer. "]/[•] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general 
corporate 
purposes]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[“Green 
Notes”]/[“Social 
Notes”]/[“Sustainability Notes”] and the net 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance 
[in whole or in part] one or more Eligible 
[Green]/[Social] 
Loans 
dedicated 
to 
the 
financing of the Eligible [Green]/[Social] Loan 
categories as defined in La Banque Postale’s 
Green, 
Social 
& 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework.]/[Other]  
[Describe specific projects included in the 
Eligible Loan Portfolio and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third 
party opinions and/or where the information can 
be obtained.]] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for the offer are different 
from (i) what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus 
and/or (ii) financing and/or refinancing new or 
existing projects included in the Eligible Loan 
Portfolio, give details.)    
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority.  If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[]/[Not Applicable].35 (Expenses are required 
to be broken down into each principal intended 
“use” and presented in order of priority of such 
“uses”.) 
 
 
6. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES AND RESETTABLE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
                                                     
 
35 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]] 
7. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/TEC10/€STR/SOFR/SONIA] rates can be 
obtained from, [but not] free of charge, [Reuters/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].] 
8. 
[NOTES LINKED TO A BENCHMARK ONLY – BENCHMARK 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify the applicable 
benchmark] which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended) (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at [●], [●] appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom.]]] 
9. 
[INFLATION 
LINKED 
NOTES 
OR 
INDEX 
LINKED 
NOTES 
ONLY 
– 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING  
(i) 
Name of underlying index (or basket of indices): [●] 
(ii) 
Information about the index (or basket of indices), its volatility and past and future 
performance can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from: [●]/[give details of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of volatility and performance] 
− 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what 
information will be reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend 
to provide post-issuance information]. 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION  
(Items identified below with *** are not required for 
Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000) 
(i) 
[Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names 
[and addresses***] of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments***]: 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names[, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments***] 
 
[(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)***]]

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
 
(iii) 
[Date of [Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[]***] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name 
[and 
address***] 
of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name [and address***]]  
(vi) 
Total commission and 
concession***: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount***] 
(vii) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Regulation 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
2; 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or 
the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or 
the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(x) 
[Non-Exempt Offer***: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Notes may be made by 
the Managers [and [specify, if applicable]] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
France during the period from [specify date] until 
[specify date] (Offer Period). See further Paragraph 11 
of Part 2 below.] 
11. 
OPERATIONAL 
INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●]

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear 
France and the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
initial Paying Agent(s): 
 
Principal Paying Agent   
BNP Paribas 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 30)  
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin  
France 
 
Operational notifications (including coupon payment 
and/or redemption and calculation of the rates): 
BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch 
Corporate Trust Services 
(affilié à Euroclear France sous le numéro 
29106) 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Adresse postale : 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Name and address of 
the entities which have 
a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in 
secondary trading, 
providing liquidity 
through bid and offer 
rates and description of 
the main terms of their 
commitment. 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names(s), 
address(es) 
and 
description]   
(viii) 
Name and address of 
Calculation Agent: 
 
 
[BNP Paribas 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin  
France / 
give name and address / 
Not Applicable]

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
 
12. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE OFFER36 
 
[Not Applicable]37/ 
 
CONDITIONS, 
OFFER 
STATISTICS, 
EXPECTED 
TIMETABLE AND ACTION 
REQUIRED TO APPLY FOR 
THE OFFER 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Total amount of the securities 
offered to the public/admitted to 
trading; if the amount is not 
fixed, an indication of the 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
securities to be offered (if 
available) and a description of 
the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the 
definitive amount of the offer: 
[] 
The time period, including any 
possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open and 
description of the application 
process: 
[] 
A description of the possibility 
to reduce subscriptions and the 
manner for refunding amounts 
paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
the 
application, (whether in number 
of 
securities 
or 
aggregate 
amount to invest): 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Method and time limits for 
paying up the securities and for 
delivery of the Notes: 
[] 
A full description of the manner 
and date in which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[] 
                                                     
 
36 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
37 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
 
The procedure for the exercise of 
any right of pre-emption, the 
negotiability 
of 
subscription 
rights and the treatment of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[] 
13. 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
AND ALLOTMENT38 
 
[Not Applicable]39/ 
 
The 
various 
categories 
of 
potential investors to which the 
Notes are offered: 
[] 
Whether a tranche has been or is 
being 
reserved 
for 
certain 
countries, indicate any such 
tranche: 
[] 
Process for notifying applicants 
of the amount allotted and an 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
14. 
PRICING40 
 
[Not Applicable]41/ 
 
Indication of the amount of any 
expenses, and taxes charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser. 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or the PRIIPs 
Regulation such that it is required to disclose 
information relating to costs and charges, also include 
that information) 
15. 
PLACING 
AND 
UNDERWRITING42 
 
[Not Applicable]43 
 
Consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus during the Offer 
Period:   
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
                                                     
 
38 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
39 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
40 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
41 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000. 
42 Not required for Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
43 Include only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the 
various countries where the offer 
takes place: 
 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to act 
as Authorised Offeror(s)/ Any financial intermediary 
which satisfies the conditions set out below in item 
"Conditions attached to the consent of the Issuer to use 
the Prospectus"] 
Conditions 
attached 
to 
the 
consent of the Issuer to use the 
Prospectus: 
 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a general 
consent to any financial intermediary to use the 
Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to or any 
condition replacing those set out on pages 39 and 40 of 
the Base Prospectus or indicate "See conditions set out in 
the Base Prospectus".] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment 
basis, and entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm 
commitment or under 'best 
efforts' arrangements. Where not 
all of the issue is underwritten, a 
statement of the portion not 
covered: 
[Not Applicable]/[give details]

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
 
[insert the issue specific summary as applicable]

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
 
[ANNEXE – RÉSUMÉ DE L'ÉMISSION] 
[insérer le résumé de l'émission le cas échéant]

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
 
TECHNICAL ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS 
The capitalised terms not defined below shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled "Technical Annex". 
[1. Definitions applicable to Notes linked to a formula  
"m" means [] / Not Applicable. 
"n" means [] / Not Applicable. 
"o" means [] / Not Applicable. 
"p" means [] / Not Applicable. 
"Business Centre(s)" means [] / Not Applicable. 
"Business Day Convention" means [Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] / Not Applicable. 
"Calculation Agent" responsible for calculating the interest due (if not the Calculation Agent) means 
[] / Not Applicable. 
"Interest Payment Dates" means []. 
"Interest Period(s)" means [].  
"Relevant Screen Page" means [] [duplicate if necessary for Multi Formula] / Not Applicable. 
"Reset Dates" means [] / Not Applicable. 
"Specified Time" means []. 
"Trigger Event" means [specify if automatic conversion or following conversion by the Issuer and the 
applicable notice period] / Not Applicable. 
"Trigger Date" means [] / Not Applicable. 
"i" means [].]  
[2. Definitions applicable to Index Linked Notes 
[Include applicable common definitions from options below] 
["Underlying" means [specify]] 
"i" means []. 
["Valuation Dates" means [insert dates indexing them by reference to "t"]] 
["Interest Payment Dates" means [insert dates]] 
["Observation Dates" means [insert dates indexing them by reference to "s"]] 
["Automatic Early Redemption Event" means []]

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
 
["Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means [insert date(s)]] 
["Automatic Early Redemption Date" means [insert date(s)]] 
["Selection" means [specify the composition of the selection]] 
["Reference Price(i)" means [Initial Level] / [Relevant Levels] / []] 
["Memory Effect" is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
["Price" means [Final Level] / [value or amount specified below]] 
["Average Observation Dates Set" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Lookback Observation Dates Set" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Observation Dates Set" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Observation Dates Set 1" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Observation Dates Set 2" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Observation Dates Set(t)" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Observation Dates Set1(t)" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Observation Dates Set2(t)" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Actuarial Observation Dates Set" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["Price Observation Dates Set" means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
["PerfCap" means [insert number]%/ Not Applicable] 
["PerfFloor" means [insert number]%/ Not Applicable] 
["r(t)" means [insert number]/ Not Applicable] 
["r(s)" means [insert number]/ Not Applicable] 
["ωi" means [specify/ Not Applicable]] 
["ICap" means [insert number]%/ Not Applicable] 
["𝒂𝒂𝒔𝒔𝒊𝒊" means [specify/ Not Applicable]] 
["𝒂𝒂𝒌𝒌
𝒊𝒊" means [specify/ Not Applicable]]] 
A. Formulas applicable to the Interest Amount  
 
1. CMS Range Accrual: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"BH" means [Applicable: []% per annum. / Not Applicable.] 
"BL" means [Applicable: []% per annum. / Not Applicable.]

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
"X" means []% per annum. 
2. CMS Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
3. CMS Reverse Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
4. CMS Cap: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
"X" means []% per annum. 
5. CMS Cap Spread: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"D" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
"X" means []% per annum. 
6. CMS Floor Spread: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below)

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"D" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
"X" means []% per annum. 
7. CMS Butterfly: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"D" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
"X" means []% per annum. 
"Y" means []% per annum. 
8. Capped/Floored CMS Reverse Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
items below) 
"B" means []% per annum. 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"F" means []% per annum. 
"H" means []. 
"K" means []. 
9. Fixed Rate to Capped Floored CMS Variable Formula: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the items below) 
"A" means []% per annum. 
"B" means []% per annum. 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"H" means [].

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
 
"K" means []. 
10. TEC10 Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
11. TEC10 Cap Spread: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"A" means []% per annum. 
"B" means []% per annum. 
"X" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
12. Euribor Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
13. Capped/Floored Euribor Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items 
below) 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"F" means []% per annum. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
14. Capped/Floored Knock-Out Euribor Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the items below) 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"D" means []% per annum. 
"E" means []% per annum. 
"F" means []% per annum. 
"A" means []. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means [].

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
 
 
15. Euribor Reverse Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
16. Capped/Floored Euribor Reverse Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the items below) 
"C" means []% per annum. 
"F" means []% per annum. 
"A" means []. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
17. Spread Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"VR1" means [Euribor n M/CMSmY]. 
"VR2" means [Euribor n M/CMSmY]. 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []%. 
"C" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
18. OIS Floater: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []. 
"D" means []. 
"M" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
19. Variable Rate to Fixed Formula: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items 
below)

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
 
"F" means []% per annum. 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
20. Fixed Rate to Variable Formula: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items 
below) 
"F" means []% per annum. 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
21. YoY French Inflation: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"YoY CPI I" i means []. 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
22. YoY HICP Inflation: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
"YoY HICP I" i means []. 
"A" means []%. 
"B" means []. 
"DCFi" means []. 
 
B. Formulas applicable to the Final Redemption Amount 
 
1. Zero Coupon French Inflation: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items 
below) 
"CPI T" means the value of the CPI Index on [specify the Maturity Date]. 
"CPI 0" means []. 
"A" means [].

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
 
2. Zero Coupon HICP Inflation: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items 
below) 
"HICP T"  means the value of the HICP Index on [specify the Maturity Date]. 
"HICP 0"  means []. 
"A" means []. 
 
C. Formulas applicable to the Interest Amount, the Final Redemption Amount and/or the Early 
Redemption Amount 
1. French Inflation Bond Formula: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items 
below) 
− 
Interest Amount 
"R" means []% per annum. 
"CPI 0" means the value of the CPI  Index on [specify the Issue Date]. 
"DCFi" means []. 
− 
Final Redemption Amount 
"CPI T" means the value of the CPI Index on [specify the Maturity Date]. 
"CPI 0" means the value of the CPI Index on [specify the Issue Date]. 
2. European Inflation Bond Formula: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items 
below) 
− 
Interest Amount 
"R" means []% per annum. 
"HICP 0" means the value of the HICP Index on [specify the Issue Date]. 
"DCFi" means []. 
− 
Final Redemption Amount 
"HICP T" means the value of the HICP Index on [specify the Maturity Date]. 
"HICP 0" means the value of the HICP Index on [specify the Issue Date]. 
3. Multi Formula [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
− 
Interest Amount 
"K1(i.f)" is [Applicable: []% per annum. / Not Applicable]. 
"K2(i.f)" is [Applicable: []% per annum. / Not Applicable].

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
 
"T1(i.f)" means []% per annum. 
"T2(i.f)" means []% per annum. 
"T3(i.f)" means []% per annum. 
"j" means []. 
"L1(i.f)" means []. 
"L2(i.f)" means []. 
"L3(i.f)" means []. 
"Trigger Event without early redemption" is [Applicable / Not Applicable]. 
"DCFi" means []. 
"T1.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C1.1(i)" means []. 
"C1.2(i)" means []. 
"C1.3(i)" means []. 
"C1.4(i)" means []. 
"C1.5(i)" means []. 
"T2.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C2.1(i)" means []. 
"C2.2(i)" means []. 
"C2.3(i)" means []. 
"C2.4(i)" means []. 
"C2.5(i)" means []. 
"T3.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C3.1(i)" means []. 
"C3.2(i)" means []. 
"C3.3(i)" means []. 
"C3.4(i)" means []. 
"C3.5(i)" means []. 
"BH(i)" is [Applicable: []% per annum / Not Applicable].

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
 
"BL(i)" is [Applicable: []% per annum / Not Applicable]. 
"T4.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C4.1(i)" means []. 
"C4.2(i)" means []. 
"C4.3(i)" means []. 
"C4.4(i)" means []. 
"C4.5(i)" means []. 
"T5.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C5.1(i)" means []. 
"C5.2(i)" means []. 
"C5.3(i)" means []. 
"C5.4(i)" means []. 
"C5.5(i)" means []. 
"S1(i)" means []. 
"L4(i)" means []. 
"L5(i)" means []. 
"L6(i)" means []. 
"L7(i)" means []. 
"T6.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C6.1(i)" means []. 
"C6.2(i)" means []. 
"C6.3(i)" means []. 
"C6.4(i)" means []. 
"C6.5(i)" means []. 
"T7.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C7.1(i)" means []. 
"C7.2(i)" means []. 
"C7.3(i)" means [].

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
 
"C7.4(i)" means []. 
"C7.5(i)" means []. 
"IN" is [Applicable: specify notice period / Not Applicable]. 
"NN" is [Applicable: specify notice period / Not Applicable]. 
− 
Final Redemption Amount 
"FBH(i)" is [Applicable: []% / Not Applicable]. 
"FBL(i)" is [Applicable: []% / Not Applicable]. 
"L12(i)" means []. 
Please also refer to item "Interest Amount" above for the components of "Formula(i)". 
− 
Early Redemption Amount 
["S2(i)" means [].]  
"L8(i)" means []. 
"L9(i)" means []. 
"L10(i)" means []. 
"L11(i)" means []. 
"T8.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C8.1(i)" means []. 
"C8.2(i)" means []. 
"C8.3(i)" means []. 
"C8.4(i)" means []. 
"C8.5(i)" means []. 
"T9.1(i)" means []% per annum. 
"C9.1(i)" means []. 
"C9.2(i)" means []. 
"C9.3(i)" means []. 
"C9.4(i)" means []. 
"C9.5(i)" means []. 
"IN" is [Applicable: specify notice period / Not Applicable].

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
 
"NN" is [Applicable: specify notice period / Not Applicable]. 
Please also refer to items "Interest Amount" and "Final Redemption Amount" above for the components 
of "Formula(i)" and "Redemption Amount" formula.  
D.  
Formulas applicable to Index Linked Notes 
1. Vanilla: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
− 
Final Redemption Amount  
"Coupon" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Coupon 
"G" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor" means [insert number]%. 
"K" means [insert number]%. 
"P" means [insert number]%. 
"Type" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"BasketPerf(T)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min Lookback Performance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance].  
2. Conditional Vanilla: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
− 
Final Redemption Amount  
"R" means [insert number]%. 
"Coupon" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon1" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon2" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon3" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"G1" means [insert number]%. 
"G2" means [insert number]%.  
"G3" means [insert number]%.  
"Cap1" means [insert number]%.  
"Cap2" means [insert number]%.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
 
"Cap3" means [insert number]%.  
"Floor1" means [insert number]%.  
"Floor2" means [insert number]%.  
"Floor3" means [insert number]%.  
"K1" means [insert number]%. 
"K2" means [insert number]%.  
"K3" means [insert number]%.  
"Type1" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"Type2" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"Type3" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"H" [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
"B" [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
"D1" [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
"D2" [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
"FX1" means [ [100%] / [FX1(T)/FX1(0)] ] 
"FX2" means [ [100%] / [FX2(T)/FX2(0)] ] 
"FX3" means [ [100%] / [FX3(T)/FX3(0)] ] 
"Relevant FX 1" means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
"Relevant FX 2" means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
"Relevant FX 3" means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
"BasketPerf1(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf2(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf3(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance].

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
 
"BasketPerf4(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf5(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf6(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf7(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
3. Digital Series: [Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
− 
Interest Amount 
"Coupon1 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon2 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon3 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon4 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"CouponMin(t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"H(t)" means [insert number]%. 
"B(t)" means [insert number]%. 
"D1 (t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"D2 (t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"L(t)" means [insert number]%. 
"BasketPerf1(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf2(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance].

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
 
"BasketPerf3(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf4(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf5(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
4. Autocallable Conditional Vanilla Series: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the items below) 
− 
Interest Amount 
"Coupon1 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon2 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"G1 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"G2 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap1 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap2 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor1 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor2 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"K1 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"K2 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Type1 (t)" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"Type2 (t)" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"H1 (t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"B2 (t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf1(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf2(t) " means [insert Local Performance/Average Performance/Max Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf3(t) " means [insert Local Performance/Average Performance/Max Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf4(t) " means [insert Local Performance/Average Performance/Max Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
− 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
"R(t) " [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf5(t) " means [insert Local Performance/Average Performance/Max Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"Coupon3 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon4 (t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"G3 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"G4 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap3 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap4 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor3 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor4 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"K3 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"K4 (t)" means [insert number]%. 
"Type3 (t)" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"Type4 (t)" means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
"H3 (t)" [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable]. 
"B4 (t)" [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf6(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance].

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
 
"BasketPerf7(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf8(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf9(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
− 
Final Redemption Amount 
"Coupon6" means [insert number]%. 
"Coupon7" means [insert number]%. 
"G5" means [insert number]%. 
"G6" means [insert number]%. 
"G7" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap5" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap6" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap7" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor5" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor6" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor7" means [insert number]%. 
"K5" means [insert number]%. 
"K6" means [insert number]%. 
"K7" means [insert number]%. 
"B5" [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable]. 
"H6" [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable]. 
"H7" [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf10(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance].

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
 
"BasketPerf11(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf12(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf13(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf14(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf15(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
5. Phoenix: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the items below) 
− 
Interest Amount 
"Coupon1(t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon2(t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"H(t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf1(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
− 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
"R(t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf2(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"Coupon3(t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"H2(t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable].

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
 
BasketPerf3(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
− 
Final Redemption Amount 
"Coupon4" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon5" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"H3" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"G" means [insert number]%. 
"G5" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap" means [insert number]%. 
"Cap5" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor5" means [insert number]%. 
"K" means [insert number]%. 
"K5" means [insert number]%. 
"B" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf4(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf5(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf6(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf7(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
6. Autocall: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
− 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
 
"R(t)" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable]. 
"BasketPerf1(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"Coupon1(t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon2(t)" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"G2(t)" [means [insert number]%]. 
"Cap2(t)" [means [insert number]%]. 
"Floor2(t)" [means [insert number]%]. 
"K2(t)" [means [insert number]%]. 
"H(t)" [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable].  
"BasketPerf2(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf3(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
− 
Final Redemption Amount 
"Coupon3" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"Coupon4" means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
"G" means [insert number]%.  
"G4" means [insert number]%.  
"Cap" means [insert number]%.  
"Cap4" means [insert number]%.  
"Floor" means [insert number]%. 
"Floor4" means [insert number]%.  
"K" means [insert number]%.  
"K4" means [insert number]%.  
"B" [means [insert number]%][Not Applicable].

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
 
"H4" [means [insert number]%]/[Not Applicable].  
"P" [means [insert number]%]. 
"BasketPerf4(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf5(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf6(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance]. 
"BasketPerf7(t)" 
means 
[insert 
Local 
Performance/Average 
Performance/Max 
Lookback 
Performance/Min LookbackPerformance/Max Strike Performance/Min Strike Performance/Average 
Strike Max Lookback Performance/Average Strike Min Lookback Performance/In-Out Average 
Performance/Actuarial Performance/Lookback Actuarial Performance].

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
AMF approbation and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 24 April 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
any other Regulated Market. 
2. 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and 
authorisations in France in connection with the establishment and update of the Programme. 
Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations, requires the prior authorisation of the Management Board (Directoire) of the Issuer 
which may delegate its powers to any person. In addition, any issue of Notes which has a 
significant impact on the consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer (Notes having an aggregate 
nominal amount higher than €1,000,000,000) or any issue of tier one or tier two notes (such as 
the Subordinated Notes) having an aggregate nominal amount higher than €500,000,000 
requires the prior authorisation of the Conseil de Surveillance (Supervisory Board) of the Issuer. 
Any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute 
obligations, falls within the general powers of the Président of the Management Board 
(Directoire) of the Issuer or a directeur général of the Issuer. 
For this purpose, pursuant to the authorisation of the Supervisory Board (Conseil de 
Surveillance) of the Issuer granted on 14 December 2022, by a decision dated 5 December 
2022, the Management Board (Directoire) of the Issuer has authorised, the issue, under the 
Programme, (i) up to €1,500,000,000 of Tier two subordinated notes (obligations), (ii) up to 
€3,000,000,000 senior non preferred notes (obligations) eligible to MREL, (iii) up to 
€500,000,000 of Tier one subordinated notes and (iv) up to €4,000,000,000 senior unsecured 
preferred notes (obligations), it being specified that (a) the maximum aggregate amount of all 
such notes shall not exceed €9,000,000,000 and (b) the maximum aggregate amount of the notes 
referred to in (i) and (iii) above shall not exceed €2,000,000,000, and the Management Board 
(Directoire) of the Issuer has delegated to Mr. François Géronde, Directeur Financier of the 
Issuer, Mr. Philippe Gouin, Directeur de la Gestion du Bilan of the Issuer, Mrs. Pascale 
Moreau, Directrice des Marchés et des Financements of the Issuer and Mr. Cyril Cudennec, 
Directeur de la Salle des Marchés of the Issuer, acting alone, the authority to issue such notes 
within the limits fixed by the Management Board (Directoire) of the Issuer and determine the 
terms and conditions of the obligations, which authority will, unless previously cancelled, 
expire on 31 December 2023.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
 
3. 
Clearing 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records. The Common Code and the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the 
address of Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L- 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central 
depositary). Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) will be also 
inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent.  
The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. 
4. 
Significant change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or financial performance of the Issuer or La Banque Postale Group since 31 December 
2022. 
5. 
Material adverse change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.  
6. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any member of La Banque 
Postale Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or La Banque Postale Group's financial 
position or profitability. 
7. 
Documents available 
For a period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the following documents 
will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com): 
(a) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) to (iii) below on the website of the Issuer 
(www.labanquepostale.com): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market in the EEA;

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
8. 
Auditors 
KPMG S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit have audited and rendered an unqualified audit 
report on each of the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the year ended 31 December 2021. KPMG S.A. and Mazars have audited and rendered an 
unqualified audit report on each of the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022. The French auditors carry out their duties 
in accordance with the principles of Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes 
(CNCC). 
9. 
Rating  
 
The long-term senior preferred debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of A+ by S&P, A+ 
by Fitch and A2 by Moody’s France SAS ("Moody’s"). The long-term senior non preferred 
debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of BBB- by S&P, A by Fitch and Baa2 by Moody’s. 
The subordinated debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of BB+ by S&P, BBB+ by Fitch 
and Baa3 by Moody’s. The Issuer's long-term issuer credit rating has been assigned a rating of 
A+ by S&P. The Issuer’s long-term issuer default rating has been assigned a rating of A by 
Fitch. Long-term deposit and issuer ratings have been assigned to the Issuer a rating of A2 by 
Moody’s. Notes issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the 
current ratings of the Issuer or of its long-term senior preferred debt, senior non preferred debt 
or its subordinated debt. The rating (if any) of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. Each of S&P, Fitch and Moody’s 
is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
10. 
Information concerning the underlying 
In respect of derivatives securities as defined in Article 20.2 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation no. 2019/980, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to 
provide post-issuance information concerning the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report 
such information, the Final Terms will specify what information will be reported and where 
such information can be obtained. 
11. 
Yield (Fixed Rate Notes and Resettable Notes only) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, as the case may be, an 
indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of such Tranche of Notes on the basis of the relevant 
Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
in respect of the Fixed Rate Notes or as the yield until the First Resettable Note Reset Date in 
respect of Resettable Notes. It will not be an indication of future yield. 
12. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF 
THE PROGRAMME"), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s)

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
 
(the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
13. 
U.S. TAX LEGEND 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes, other than Temporary Global Certificates 
and Dematerialized Notes, which have an original maturity of more than one year and on all 
interest Coupons and Talons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
14. 
Differences between the Notes and bank deposits 
The Notes do not constitute bank deposits and do not benefit from any protection provided 
pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on deposit 
guarantee schemes or any national implementing measures implementing this Directive in 
France. In addition, an investment in the Notes may give rise to yields and risks that differ from 
a bank deposit. The higher yield of the Notes is generally attributable to the greater risks 
associated with investment in the Notes. For example, the Notes are expected to be less liquid 
than bank deposits. Bank deposits are generally repayable on demand, or with notice from the 
depositors, whereas Noteholders have limited ability to require early repayment of their 
investment (see “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – Redemption, Purchase and 
Options – Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders” and “TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE NOTES – Events of Default and Enforcement”). Furthermore, although the Notes are 
transferable, the Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never 
develop (see “RISK FACTORS – RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES – Risks related to the 
market of the Notes – An active market for the Notes may not develop”). Further, as a result of 
the implementation of the BRRD II, Noteholders may be subject to write-down or conversion 
into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under 
the BRRD II (see “RISK FACTORS – RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES – Risks for the 
Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer – Risks related to the legal framework applicable to the 
Issuer – The Notes may be subject to mandatory write down or conversion to equity”). 
15. 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" 
for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement 
will be included in the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of 
the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
 
16. 
Forward-looking statements 
Certain statements contained in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements including, 
but not limited to, statements that are predictions of or indicate future events, trends, business 
strategies, expansion and growth of operations plans or objectives, competitive advantage and 
regulatory changes, based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not 
directly relate to a historical fact or current fact. The Issuer may also make forward-looking 
statements in its audited annual financial statements, in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus, in press releases and other written materials and in oral 
statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third parties. Forward-looking 
statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as, without limitation, “anticipate”, 
“assume”, “believe”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, “foresee”, “intend”, “may increase” and 
“may fluctuate” and similar expressions or by future or conditional verbs such as, without 
limitation, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could.” Undue reliance should not be placed on such 
statements, because, by their nature, they are subject to known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties, and other factors and actual results may differ materially from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Please 
refer to the section entitled “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not 
undertake any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect 
new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking 
statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated 
Regulation 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
17. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent may be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer. Therefore, potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and holders of such Notes, 
including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent must 
make. The Calculation Agent is obligated to carry out its duties and functions as Calculation 
Agent in good faith and using its reasonable judgement. 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or 
as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their respective affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their respective affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
 
 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
18. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 96950066U5XAAIRCPA78.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is 
in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
Represented by François Géronde,  
Directeur Financier of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dated 24 April 2023 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129.  
 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 24 April 2023 and is valid until 24 April 2024 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or 
substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n° 23-
128.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
Arranger 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland  
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany   
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France  
  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris  
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France  
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany  
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent,  
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent 
and Calculation Agent 
 
BNP Paribas 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63 rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine cedex 
France 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2 avenue Gambetta 
CS60055 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France 
Auditors to the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 
Mazars 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2 avenue Gambetta 
CS60055 
92066 Paris La Défense 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
CS 90005 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France