--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 20 October 2023 
 
 
A51252112 
1 
 
LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH 
 
(duly licensed French specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé)) 
€35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), La Banque Postale 
Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue obligations de 
financement de l'habitat within the meaning of article L.513-30 I. and L.513-30 I bis. of the French Code monétaire et financier (the "French 
Monetary and Financial Code"), benefiting from the statutory privilège (priority in right of payment) created by article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (the "Privilège"), as more fully described herein (the "Notes"). No credit linked Notes will be issued under the 
Programme. Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue registered covered notes (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen) 
governed by German law which are subject to terms and conditions not included in and not offered pursuant to this Base Prospectus (the "German 
Law Governed Notes"). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has received the approval number 23-441 on 20 October 2023 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF"), 
in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval 
by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
An application may be made to Euronext Paris within a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval granted by the AMF on the Base 
Prospectus in order for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, 
appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the “ESMA”) (each such market being a 
"Regulated Market"). Notes issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and/or admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, 
including any other Regulated Market in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The relevant final terms (a form of which 
is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not an application will be made for such Notes 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock exchange(s) where the Notes will be listed and/or admitted 
to trading. 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant specified currency. Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised 
Notes") as more fully described herein. 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in 
bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (acting as the central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination and Title") including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"), or (ii) in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Form, Denomination and Title"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be either inscribed in an account maintained 
by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholder. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to the Materialised Notes. Such Temporary 
Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached, on 
or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in the

--- Page 2 ---
A51252112 
2 
 
section entitled "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully 
described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as more fully described herein) intended to be cleared through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche 
intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be 
deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated at issuance AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (the "Rating Agency"). The 
rating of the Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency without notice. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Rating Agency is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and 
is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
The Notes to be issued under the Programme are intended to be eligible for being included on the list of obligations de financement de l’habitat 
that are entitled to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label subject to verification by the Specific Controller that the conditions 
are satisfied and prior approval and supervision of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution (the “ACPR”). However, no 
representation is made or assurance given that any Notes to be issued under the Programme will actually be and remain allowed to use the 
"European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will 
be published on the websites of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
See the section entitled "Risk Factors" for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
The approval No. 23-441 granted by the AMF on 20 October 2023 to this Base Prospectus is only applicable for Notes to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public which are the Notes, and is not relevant, in any case, for German Law Governed 
Notes, as German Law Governed Notes will not be admitted to trading nor listed on any market or stock exchange. 
 
ARRANGER 
NATIXIS 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
LA BANQUE POSTALE 
NATIXIS

--- Page 3 ---
A51252112 
3 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and contains the necessary information which, according to the nature and circumstances 
of the Issuer and the type of Notes, is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching 
to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer as well as the terms and 
conditions of the Notes to be issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each 
Tranche (as defined in the section entitled "General Description of the Programme") not contained 
herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price 
thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue on the basis of the then prevailing market conditions and will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. References to "Dealers" are to the Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or more Tranches. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement that may be 
published from time to time and with all documents incorporated by reference (see section 
entitled "Documents incorporated by reference") and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read 
and construed in conjunction with the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the 
purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is, or has been, authorised to give any information or to make any representation, other than 
those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in connection with the issue or sale 
of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined in the section entitled 
"General Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale 
made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been 
no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position 
of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at 
any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section 
below entitled "Documents incorporated by reference"), the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such a distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public 
offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into

--- Page 4 ---
A51252112 
4 
 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves of, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and on the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and on the offer or sale of the 
Notes in the United States of America, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, 
People’s Republic of China, Singapore and Japan. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. The Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to US tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of 
Materialised Notes), delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States of America to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
For a description of these and certain other restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the Notes and on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section entitled "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any 
information incorporated by reference therein) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or of any other financial information or any 
information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each prospective investor in the Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of the Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the 
Arranger nor any of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus, nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information that may come to the attention of any of the Dealers or 
the Arranger.  
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is 
fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate 
addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue German Law Governed Notes in the form 
of Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen. The German Law Governed Notes will be subject to the 
terms and conditions which may be agreed with the Issuer at the time of their issuance. However, the

--- Page 5 ---
A51252112 
5 
 
issuance of German Law Governed Notes is subject to compliance with the Agency Agreement attached 
to which is a form of terms and conditions of the German Law Governed Notes. The issuance of German 
Law Governed Notes is also subject to the Privilège (see the section entitled "Overview of the legislation 
and regulations to sociétés de financement de l'habitat"). The Noteholders should note that all Notes and 
German Law Governed Notes will rank pari passu among themselves and that, as a result, the proceeds 
of the assets benefiting from the Privilège will be applied to the satisfaction of amounts due and payable 
to all Noteholders (including the holders of German Law Governed Notes) on a pro rata basis. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects investment 
in the Notes. A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax on that Noteholder 
of its investment in the Notes. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such 
tax is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or 
any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of 
the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential 
investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of 
incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors are 
advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in the section “Taxation” of this Base prospectus but 
to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective investor in the Notes 
should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 19 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 3 
August 2023 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor" as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended ("MiFID II")) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Tranche of Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the

--- Page 6 ---
A51252112 
6 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy 
statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final 
Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of MiFID II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final 
Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”) . For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before 
an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP

--- Page 7 ---
A51252112 
7 
 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
In relation to Themed Notes (as defined in the Risk Factors section of the Base Prospectus, in the risk 
factor entitled “The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds”), neither the Arranger nor any 
Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of such Themed Notes to fulfil green, social or 
sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible green projects 
or activities, eligible social projects or activities or eligible sustainability projects or activities, any 
verification of whether such Themed Notes meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds of any Themed Notes, or the allocation of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) 
by the Issuer to particular eligible green projects or activities, eligible social projects or activities or 
eligible sustainability projects or activities. Each prospective investor of the Themed Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Themed Notes should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, the Issuer’s 
relevant Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds to be published on the Issuer’s 
website on or before the issue of any Themed Notes, the second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, 
if any, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds 
of any issue of Themed Notes for further information. Any such Framework for issuing green, social and 
sustainable bonds and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and no assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealers or 
the Arranger as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Issuer’s relevant 
Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds, of such Framework for issuing green, social 
and sustainable bonds to be published on the Issuer’s website on or before the issue of any Themed Notes, 
of public reporting, if any, or on any Themed Notes. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or the Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Themed 
Notes and would only be current as of the date it is released. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will 
verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the Themed Notes issued under the Programme. 
Moreover, if the Themed Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a specific segment of any stock 
exchange for Themed Notes, or included in an index or indices, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes 
any representation as to the satisfaction of such Themed Notes to fulfil the criteria of such specific 
segments, index or indices, and, if the Themed Notes were listed or admitted to trading, that any such 
listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, will be maintained during the life of 
the Themed Notes. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended from time to time, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "US Dollar" are to the lawful 
currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency 
of Japan and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 8 ---
A51252112 
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................14 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................................29 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................30 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST .............................................................................................................................31 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE PROSPECTUS .............33 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ................................................................................................................................35 
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIETES DE 
FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT .............................................................................................................36 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................44 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................49 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS ..............................................................................................................................50 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH AND LA BANQUE POSTALE
 ..................................................................................................................................................................51 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..............................................................................................53 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES .............................88 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 ............................................................................................................................90 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 .......................................................................................................................... 111 
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................128 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................131 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................137 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................141

--- Page 9 ---
A51252112 
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of article 25.1(b) of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes below and in the relevant Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings in this General Description. 
 
Issuer: 
LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(“LEI”): 
969500D5PFMTWUYSUF61 
Website of the Issuer: 
www.labanquepostale.com 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of Notes 
(the “Programme”). 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
La Banque Postale 
Natixis 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this 
Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in 
respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been 
terminated) and to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €35,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies) aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agents 
and Calculation Agent: 
 
BNP Paribas 
Method of distribution: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates 
(each an “Issue Date”) and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other 
than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or 
different Issue Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the Issue Date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other

--- Page 10 ---
A51252112 
10 
 
Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant final terms to this 
Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either au nominatif pur or 
au nominatif administré form. 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination, Title 
and Redenomination”. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Dematerialised Notes are to 
be issued in bearer form only, or in registered (including both nominatif pur 
and nominatif administré) form only. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”) 
only.  
A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes may only be 
issued outside France. 
Settlement: 
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France as 
central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream”), Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or 
any other clearing system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the fiscal 
agent in respect of the Programme (the “Fiscal Agent”) and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to Materialised Notes. 
Currencies of the Notes: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euros, U.S. dollars, Pounds sterling, Japanese Yen, 
Swiss Francs and in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the 
relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Notes 
listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a Member State of 
the European Economic Area (an “EEA Member State”) or offered on a 
non-exempt basis in an EEA Member State in circumstances which require 
the publication of a Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (given 
that any exemption regime, as set out in the Prospectus Regulation, could 
apply in contemplation of the relevant issue) will be at least such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year, in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted in the United Kingdom, will constitute deposits

--- Page 11 ---
A51252112 
11 
 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and they 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Maturity: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the 
Notes may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the maturity of the Notes may be 
extended automatically to the Extended Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In this case, the Final Redemption Amount will 
become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date and interest will 
continue to accrue until such date. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under an interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant specified currency pursuant to the 2013 
FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments, as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) published by the Association Française des Banques or 
the FBF, or 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant specified currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., or 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR or €STR or any successor rate or any 
alternative rate, 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and 
payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may 
also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both 
provided that in no event, will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Notes, 
Fixed/Fixed 
Rate 
Notes, 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating 
Rate Notes for which a Change of Interest Basis is specified to be applicable 
may be issued by the Issuer, such change of interest being either at the option 
of the Issuer or automatic. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint 
an independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). See Condition

--- Page 12 ---
A51252112 
12 
 
5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes) for further 
information. 
Redemption and Purchase: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
If any law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of 
any Note or any Coupon relating thereto, be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, 
the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of 
any such withholding or deduction. 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
Act (FATCA), to the extent applicable. Should a withholding or deduction 
be required pursuant to FATCA, the Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
Status of the Notes: 
The principal and interest of the Notes (and where applicable, any Coupons) 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and privileged obligations 
of the Issuer. 
Privilège: 
The Noteholders benefit from the privilège (priority right of payment) 
created by article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. If 
rated, these Notes are expected to be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, which is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies (the "CRA 
Regulation"), as amended by Regulation (EU) No. 513/2011, and included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's 
website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as 
of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
The rating (if any) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time without 
notice by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading: 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may or may not 
be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or, in case the Base Prospectus 
is passported from time to time, listed and/or admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market or other stock exchange.

--- Page 13 ---
A51252112 
13 
 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions / 
TEFRA: 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
The Final Terms will specify whether TEFRA rules are applicable and, in 
this case, whether TEFRA C or TEFRA D is applicable.

--- Page 14 ---
A51252112 
14 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes issued under the Programme. However, the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding 
the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and form their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any 
investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks 
relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first 
the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact 
and the probability of their occurrence. 
The Issuer considers that the Notes shall only be purchased by investors which are (or are advised by) financial 
institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to appropriately 
evaluate the risks associated with the Notes. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used 
below.  
I 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER, THE BORROWER AND THE COVER POOL  
La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH, a specialized credit institution dedicated to refinance home loans (“SFH”) 
is wholly owned subsidiary of La Banque Postale. Its purpose is to enable the refinancing of home loans 
guaranteed via the issue of Covered Bonds in order to improve home financing channels for the benefit of 
households. 
The risks presented in the “Risk factors” section have been identified as being significant and specific to the 
Issuer and of a nature, should they materialize, to have an impact on its business activity, its financial position 
and its access to various sources of financing.  
The risks have been classified in three categories which list the most significant risks on a net basis within each: 
• 
Risks related to the La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (the “Issuer”); 
• 
Risks related to the La Banque Postale SA (the “Borrower”); 
• 
Risks related to the cover pool. 
A. 
Risks related to the Issuer 
Liquidity risk 
Each advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement 
shall be made available in the same maturity (except extension of maturity) and conditions of redemption to 
those applicable to the Notes funding such advance. 
As a consequence, as long as no event of default (as defined in the Uncommitted Facility Agreement) has 
occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any liquidity risk regarding the Borrower debt and the Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of an event of default and the enforcement of the collateral security, the Issuer's available 
funds will arise from the home loan receivables comprised in the collateral security and related home loans. 
There is a risk that the home loan receivables forming part of the collateral security have a maturity and 
amortisation profile which does not match the repayment profile and maturities of the Notes. Such mismatch 
could create a potential need for liquidity at the level of the Issuer.  
As of 31 July 2023, assets included in the collateral security consisted of 314,672 loans with an average 
seasoning of 67 months and term a weighted average remaining of 181 months. As of 31 August 2023, the

--- Page 15 ---
A51252112 
15 
 
outstanding amount of Notes issued by the Issuer is EUR 20,216 million net principal amount and such Notes 
are scheduled to mature no later than April 2044. 
Although the Issuer is legally bound to ensure at any time adequate coverage of its liquidity needs with several 
tools such as, without limitation, pre-maturity cash collateral, legal liquidity reserve, soft bullet maturity and 
sale of all or part of its home loan receivables, there is a remaining risk that these mitigants would not suffice. 
If the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs, this may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes in a timely manner and in particular, its ability to make payments under 
the Notes may be negatively affected. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is very unlikely, 
but the impact of such risk could be high. 
Operational risks related to regulatory ratios compliance 
La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH is an entity which does not have any staff, information systems, nor 
organisational structure in order to operate. It entirely relies on the resources provided by its parent company 
La Banque Postale. 
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Notes will mainly depend 
on the ability of La Banque Postale in its capacity as servicer, services provider, manager and Issuer accounts 
bank to perform its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Programme documents and the value of 
the collateral security will depend on the ability of the collateral providers to transfer additional home loan 
receivables as collateral security under the Collateral Security Agreement up to the required amount to meet 
with the asset cover test (the "Asset Cover Test").  
The SFH legal framework (see section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat") and the Programme documents provide for mitigants or for substitution and/or 
constitution of cash collateral upon certain triggers (most notably, the Asset Cover Test and several triggers 
based upon credit ratings of La Banque Postale). Delay or inability to implement those mitigants may affect the 
ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes up to the required amount and/or on the relevant due 
date.  
In addition, if those mitigants prove to be insufficient, failure of any such party to make a payment or a transfer 
as expected and when due may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and interest payments 
in respect of the Notes.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk happening is 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
Operational risks related to the Issuer’s dependency on its parent company 
La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH is an entity which does not have any staff, information systems, or 
organisational structure in order to operate. It relies entirely on the resources provided by its parent company 
La Banque Postale. Moreover, in the event of the default of La Banque Postale, La Banque Postale Home Loan 
SFH shall receive ownership of a portfolio of home loans which must continue to be managed in order to pay 
the interest and capital due to investors. To do this, La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH must put in place an 
appropriate organizational structure. One of the constraints is that these transactions may only be provided by 
a credit institution or a financing company.  
There is a risk that no suitable successor will be found in a timely manner or with sufficient experience or ability 
to serve on the same or similar terms as provided by the relevant Programme documents or as to the financial 
terms on which they would agree to be appointed. This may result in delays, increased costs and/or losses in

--- Page 16 ---
A51252112 
16 
 
collection of sums due to the Issuer under its assets, could create operational and administrative difficulties for 
the Issuer, and could adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
The monitoring of the performance of the services entrusted to the Borrower in accordance with the service 
agreements put in place is subject to internal governance. Contractual arrangements implemented (see section 
entitled "Relationship between La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH and La Banque Postale") and the 
Programme documents provide mitigation or substitution measures and/or the provision of cash collateral upon 
documented events (in particular the Asset Cover Test and downgrade triggers based on the Borrower's credit 
ratings).  
Pursuant regulatory expectations, a plan describes the transfer mechanism of the home loan monthly repayments 
that should be implemented in the event of the Borrower's default.  
The delay or inability to implement those mitigation measures could affect the Issuer's ability to make payments 
under the Notes up to the required amount and/or the relevant maturity date. 
In view of the above, the risk associated with the non-performance of activities on behalf of the Issuer by the 
Borrower is quite likely but its impact would be limited. Nevertheless, the risk following the Borrower's default 
seems unlikely but could still have a high impact. 
B. 
Risks related to the Borrower 
Risks associated with the Borrower’s ability to originate home loans  
The global economic and financial environment, geopolitical tensions, as well as the context of the markets in 
which the Borrower operates, may affect the activities, financial position, and results of operations. 
In the first half of 2023, the Borrower operated in an environment that remained uncertain, with macroeconomic 
conditions having changed significantly during 2022 with the end of the COVID-19 pandemic followed by the 
outbreak of armed conflict between Ukraine and Russia in February 2022.  
The invasion of Ukrainian territory immediately led to significant pressure on agricultural raw materials (food 
crisis) and energy prices. Straight away, investors became more risk averse and began to question the robustness 
of the global recovery. The situation exacerbated the inflationary pressures that were already present in the post-
pandemic environment.  
The main central banks responded to this inflationary environment by taking measures to increase interest rates, 
calibrated in each case with their local macroeconomic and budgetary situation. The European Central Bank 
(“ECB”) has raised interest rates seven times in under a year (between July 2022 and June 2023, to the following 
levels: 3.75% for the refinancing rate, 4% for the marginal lending facility rate and 3.25% for the deposit facility 
rate) in order to bring inflation back towards its 2% target in the medium term. 
The first half was also marked by a return to uncertainty, stemming notably from events in the banking sector 
(US banks, Credit Suisse). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, leading financial institutions are forecasting growth of between 0.6% 
and 0.8% in France in 2023, based on a further easing of inflation in the second half and the end of the cycle of 
interest rate hikes. Inflation in France (CPI) was 4.5% in June 2023 (compared with 1.6% in 2021 and 5.2% in 
2022), with consensus forecasts of around 5.3% in 2023 and 2.7% in 2024.  
The latest central scenario published by the ECB in June 2023 shows a more favourable economic outlook for 
2023 than the previous scenario issued in December 2022. Growth in the euro zone is expected to be around 
0.9% in 2023 (compared with 5.3% in 2021 and 3.5% in 2022), an improvement of 0.4 points on the 2023 gross 
domestic product (GDP) forecast at the end of December 2022, thanks to the curbing of energy prices, stronger 
external demand and a reduction in uncertainties (linked notably to tensions in the banking sector).

--- Page 17 ---
A51252112 
17 
 
ECB estimates put European inflation at 5.4% at the end of 2023 (compared with 2.6% at the end of 2021 and 
8.4% in 2022), before settling at 3% in 2024, with the energy component making a significant contribution to 
the slower pace.  
These adverse conditions in the global economy and financial markets could have significant negative impacts 
on La Banque Postale Group (including the Borrower) and its customers. In France (domestic markets 
represented around 92.5% of its total credit exposures as of end-June 2023) in particular, a worsening economic 
environment would impact: 
• 
La Banque Postale Group’s business plan, leading to reduced loan originations; 
• 
the borrower solvency, including both individual customers (affected by the higher consumer prices) and 
corporates (repayment capacity deteriorated due to lower sales, low ability to pay higher costs). 
In addition, commercial impacts could occur: the pressure on lending margins resulting from the cap imposed 
under usury rules and the rise in the cost of liquidity (linked to the transfer of demand deposits to interest-
bearing savings and the widening of refinancing spreads following monetary policy tightening) could continue 
to affect the borrower’s profitability and reinforce the risk of the loan origination slowdown. 
The decline in the origination of new real estate loans linked to the economic situation is a real risk to be 
considered by the Issuer to meet its regulatory requirements on an ongoing basis.  
The current level of the overcollateralisation ratio, the existence of an outstanding amount of eligible real estate 
loans available to increase the size of the cover pool or the possibility for the Issuer to recall all or part of the 
retained callable issues are all elements allowing the Issuer to meet its commitments to investors. Eventually, 
additional liquid assets could be pledged by the Borrower to the Issuer in order to contribute to the minimum 
coverage requirements. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that this risk might occur, but that the impact of such risk 
could be low. 
C. 
Risks related to the cover pool 
Risks related to the decrease in value of mortgaged properties 
In any event, the value of the properties securing the home loans may decrease as a result of any number of 
factors, including the national or international economic environment, regional economic or housing conditions, 
changes in tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative 
investments, increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political developments and government 
policies. As the properties securing the home loans are located in France, the value of such properties may 
therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in France. As of 31 July 2023, 
43.5% of the home loans underlying the collateral security (in value) are mortgage loans with a mortgage lien 
(including 18.2% of the home loans having a mortgage lien bearing an additional guarantee of the French State). 
Such decrease may accordingly affect the Issuer's ability to obtain an amount of enforcement proceeds which 
is sufficient to comply with the minimum required overcollateralisation level and to cover any unpaid amount 
due by the underlying debtor and as a result, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes in full. 
As of 31 July 2023, the cover pool amounted to €26,800 million and consisted of 314,672 loans. 
The current overcollateralisation level (last certified at 129 % as of 31 March 2023) and the current indexed 
Loan to Value (LTV) level of 56% could reduce the impact of properties value decrease. Moreover, as of the 31 
August 2023 a large amount of loans outstanding could still be pledged by the Borrower to the Issuer to mitigate 
the risk on both the overcollateralisation level and ability to repay investors. Additional liquid assets could be

--- Page 18 ---
A51252112 
18 
 
pledged by the Borrower to contribute to the minimum coverage requirement. Eventually, part or all of the EUR 
6,500 million retained covered bond issuances could be called by the Issuer.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is likely but 
that the impact of such risk should be low. 
Credit risk related to the home loan guarantee providers 
After the occurrence of an event of default and enforcement of the collateral security, the Issuer will be exposed 
to the credit risk of the home loan guarantee providers in relation to home loans which are secured by a home 
loan guarantee, in case of default of the debtor of the relevant home loan. As of 31 July 2023, the home loans 
underlying the collateral security at such date include mortgage loans with a mortgage lien (43.5 % in value of 
which 18.2 % of the home loans have a mortgage lien bearing an additional guarantee of the French State), a 
guarantee by Crédit Logement (56.5%), an independent home loan guarantee company licensed as a French 
société de financement. 
If the home loan guarantee provider does not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the relevant home 
loan guarantee for whatever reason or does not pay such amounts in a timely manner, this may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
The Issuer's preferred liabilities are guaranteed by the Borrower, providing collateral for a pool of home loans 
(Cover Pool) whose size was €26.8 billion at the end of July 2023. At this date, the last certified regulatory 
coverage ratio (31 March 2023) is 129% well above the legal minimum (105%). 
As 31 July 2023, the cover pool provided as collateral includes mortgages with mortgage privileges (43.5% in 
value, of which 18.2% of real estate loans benefit from a mortgage lien benefiting from an additional guarantee 
from the French State), and loans guaranteed by Crédit Logement (56.5%), an independent mortgage guarantee 
company approved as a société de financement by the French supervisor.  
The Issuer constantly monitors the outstanding amount of real estate loans with 1st lien mortgage eligible to the 
cover pool and which could allow if necessary to be integrated to ensure the right level of security for investors. 
Finally, the Issuer could also recall all or part of the 6.5 billion euros of retained callable issuances so as to have 
the necessary funds to assume its responsibility towards the investors. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk is unlikely, but 
the impact of such risk could be moderate. 
II 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
A. 
Risk factors related to all Series of Notes 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interest in a Masse, as defined in Condition 10, and Collective Decisions can be adopted either (i) in 
a general meeting of the holders of Notes (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by consent of the holders of Notes 
following a written consultation (the "Written Decision"). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit, in 
certain cases, defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant General Meeting or who did not vote through the relevant Written Decision and Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective Decisions may deliberate on any proposal relating to the 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including any proposal, whether for arbitration or 
settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as more fully 
described in Condition 10. The modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes adopted by a majority

--- Page 19 ---
A51252112 
19 
 
of Noteholders, may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence Noteholders may lose 
all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Withholding Taxes - No gross-up obligation 
As contemplated in Condition 8(b), if any law should require that any payments in respect of any Notes be 
subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders. 
Such risk could materially and adversely affect the investment in the Notes and could result in the holders of 
the Notes losing all or part of their investments in the Notes. 
The EU Resolution and Recovery Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU provides for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"), 
implemented in France by several legislative texts, to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity.  
If the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the conditions set by 
BRRD, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD resolution tools (e.g. 
sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any shortfall from the sale of the 
Issuer’s assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding amounts of certain claims of unsecured creditors 
of that entity (including, as the case may be, the Notes), or, in a worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. The 
unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including, as the case may be, the Notes) might also be converted into 
equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings, which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or 
dilution. The relevant resolution authority may also seek to amend the terms (such as variation of the maturity) 
of any outstanding unsecured debt securities (including, as the case may be, the Notes).  
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last resort, 
after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, to the maximum extent 
possible whilst maintaining financial stability. 
Relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in tool would include the claims of the holders in respect of any 
Notes issued under the Programme, only if and to the extent that the bond liability exceeded the value of the 
cover pool collateral against which it is secured. In this respect, it is to be noted that the Issuer shall maintain 
at any time a minimum legal cover ratio of 105% of the total amount of its liabilities which benefit from the 
Privilège by the total amount of its assets. On 31 December 2022, the asset cover ratio of the Issuer attested by 
the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) was equal to 132%. Regarding covered bonds such as the Notes, 
the BRRD provides that the relevant resolution authority shall not exercise the write down or conversion powers 
in relation to secured liabilities including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of financial instruments used 
for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and which according to national law are 
secured in a way similar to covered bonds, whether they are governed by the law of a Member State or of a 
third country.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect 
the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Since 8 July 2022 covered bonds are subject to a revised legislative and regulations framework  
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 on the

--- Page 20 ---
A51252112 
20 
 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU 
(the “Covered Bonds Directive”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and the Council 
(together, the “New EU Covered Bonds Framework”) were definitely adopted on 27 November 2019 and 
published on 18 December 2019. The New EU Covered Bonds Framework provides a common definition of 
covered bonds; defines the structural features of the instrument, defines the tasks and responsibilities for the 
supervision of covered bonds, sets out the rules allowing the use of the labels ‘European Covered Bond’ and 
‘European Covered Bond (Premium)’ and strengthens the conditions for granting preferential prudential 
treatment to covered bonds under the capital requirement regulation. Under French law, the Covered Bonds 
Directive has been transposed by an Ordinance n° 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the decree (décret) n° 2021-
898 dated 6 July 2021, a ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 July 2021, the decree (décret) n° 2022-766 dated 2 
May 2022 and the decree (décret) n° 2023-102 dated 16 February 2023. The potential impact on the Issuer and 
the Notes of this New EU Covered Bonds Framework and of the new French law applicable to covered bonds 
(such as the Notes) and to SFH (such as the Issuer) is relatively limited but cannot yet be fully estimated. The 
implementation of the New EU Covered Bonds Framework under French law and/or its interpretation could 
have an adverse effect on the Notes or on the Noteholders. Furthermore, if the label is requested by the Issuer, 
the Notes may not benefit from, and/or remain allowed to use, the ‘European Covered Bond’ or ‘European 
Covered Bond (Premium)’ label until their maturity. 
B. 
Risk factors related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of such 
features: 
(i) 
Risk factors related to the interest payable on the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue a Fixed Rate 
Note bearing interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and this would result in a reduced 
market value of the Notes if the Noteholders were to dispose of their Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes contemplated in Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to 
varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time 
they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having 
longer fixed interest periods. 
The interest rate of Notes which bear interest at a floating rate is comprised of (i) a Relevant Rate, and (ii) a 
Margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will 
not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the Relevant Rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in 
accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be 
volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the Relevant Rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference 
rate.

--- Page 21 ---
A51252112 
21 
 
As a result, the return under the Notes may be negatively impacted and this would result in a reduced market 
value of the Notes if the Noteholders were to dispose of their Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may 
bear interest at a rate that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a different fixed rate or from 
a floating rate to a different floating rate. The conversion (whether automatic or optional) will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of such Notes since it may lead to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If 
a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate notes tied to the same Relevant Rate. In addition, the 
new floating rate may at any time be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is converted to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on the Notes and therefore investors could 
receive a lower return on the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating Rate 
Notes". 
Risk related to the regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Relevant Rates that constitute 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
which seek to mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular, in any of the following 
circumstances: 
• 
an index that is a “benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do 
not apply; and 
• 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the "benchmark" and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment or receive less 
income than would have been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 22 ---
A51252112 
22 
 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by 
the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes (please refer to the risk factor entitled “The occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks”” below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or 
FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas 
the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing 
could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 
2021 (the “Amending Regulation”) which applies as from 13 February 2021. 
The Amending Regulation introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the 
European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. These developments 
could raise uncertainty regarding any future regulatory or legislative requirement based on the implementing 
regulations.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an 
inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without 
limitation, any mid-swap rate), and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully 
to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or 
otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or 
negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of

--- Page 23 ---
A51252112 
23 
 
the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the 
Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for a particular Interest Period, including where no Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined, may be that the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period is used for the following Interest Period(s). This may result in the effective application of a fixed 
rate for Floating Rate Notes. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, 
in a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such 
adjustment may not be favourable to such Noteholder. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows Notes 
referencing the Euro short term rate ("€STR") to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk 
free rates, such as €STR, as reference rate in the capital markets for euro bonds, and its adoption as alternative 
to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk 
free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its determination, 
calculation or publication. €STR might be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the Terms and 
Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be determined using 
the alternative methods described in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise 
correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR reference rate had 
been provided by the European Central Bank in its current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such 
Floating Rate Notes may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt 
securities.

--- Page 24 ---
A51252112 
24 
 
(ii) 
Risk factors related to the redemption of the Notes 
Redemption in case of illegality 
As contemplated by, and further detailed in, Condition 6(g) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if, by 
reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, 
becoming effective after the relevant Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given an irrevocable 
notice, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes. 
As contemplated by Condition 6(g) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem the Notes 
by anticipation for illegality. Such early redemption features may adversely and materially affect the holders of 
Notes. Therefore, an investor may be exposed to risks connected to the reinvestment of cash proceeds from the 
sale or early redemption of any Notes. As a consequence, holders of Notes may lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Condition 6(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the Issuer to redeem the Notes in advance. 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving an irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
An optional redemption feature of the Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor would not generally be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed, and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. As a consequence, holders of Notes could lose part of their investment. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes with soft bullet maturity may be redeemed after their initial maturity date 
If so provided in the relevant Final Terms, the Maturity Date of the Notes may be extended automatically upon 
the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event.  
In that case, the payment of the Final Redemption Amount may be automatically deferred and shall become 
due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that the 
Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the Rate of Interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the 
Extended Maturity Date, all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable 
Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 25 ---
A51252112 
25 
 
The extension of the maturity of the Notes from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result 
in any right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and will result in a delay 
of payments of principal on the relevant Notes. 
The situation of the Issuer may change between the initial Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date. 
Investors may not be repaid in full at the initial Maturity Date but at the Extended Maturity Date and the market 
value of the Notes between the initial Maturity Date and the Extended Maturity Date might be significantly 
affected. 
(iii) 
Risk factors relating to the pricing of the Notes 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Series of the Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes 
may be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market values of securities 
issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer 
the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes and Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
(iv) 
Risk factors relating to the rating of the Notes 
Ratings of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated at issuance AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited. The rating assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agency may not reflect the potential impact of all risks 
related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Notes. It is based, among other things, on the credit quality of the assets refinanced and the other 
relevant structural and credit enhancement features provided for under the Programme, including, among other 
things, the short-term and/or long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt ratings (with respect 
to S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited) of the parties involved in the Programme, and reflect only the views 
of the Rating Agency. The rating addresses the likelihood of full and timely receipt by any of the relevant 
Noteholders of interest on the Notes and the likelihood of receipt by any relevant Noteholder of principal of the 
Notes by the relevant Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be. There is no assurance that 
any such rating will continue for any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or 
withdrawn entirely without notice by the Rating Agency as a result of changes in or unavailability of 
information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agency, circumstances so warrant. A qualification, downgrade 
or withdrawal of any of the ratings mentioned above may have a material adverse impact upon both the value 
of the Notes or their marketability in secondary market transactions. 
The Rating Agency will be notified of the exercise of certain discretions exercised by or on behalf of the Issuer 
under the Programme documents. However, the Rating Agency is under no obligation to revert to the Issuer (or 
any of its agents) regarding the impact of the exercise of such discretion on the rating of the Notes and any 
decision as to whether or not to confirm, downgrade, withdraw or qualify the rating of all classes or any class 
of Notes based on such notification may be made at the sole discretion of the Rating Agency at any time, 
including after the relevant action has been taken.

--- Page 26 ---
A51252112 
26 
 
(v) 
Risk factors related to the specific use of proceeds of the Notes 
The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds 
When the Issuer issues Themed Notes, it is the Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds of such Notes or an 
equivalent amount to finance and/or re-finance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects or activities 
included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio, as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of the Base Prospectus, as 
completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms (such Notes being "Themed Notes"). 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined 
as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "Taxonomy") was 
adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors 
with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally 
sustainable. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 (the "Climate Delegated 
Act") establishing the technical screening criteria for determining which economic activities can be considered 
as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining 
whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered 
into force on 1 January 2022. It was completed by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 
March 2022, including under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic 
activities covered by the Taxonomy. However, the Taxonomy Regulation and the Climate Delegated Act 
specified above remain subject to further developments with regard to other specific economic activities and 
other environmental objectives.  
As a result, the definition of a “green” project or equivalently labelled project is now set for objectives related 
to climate change mitigation or adaptation, specifying the criteria required by a particular project to qualify as 
a “green” project, unless it is related to an economic activity identified in the course of finalisation. However, 
there is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) or market consensus as to what 
attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as "social" or "sustainable" project or a 
project labelled as equivalent, and a project included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio may not meet any or all 
investor expectations regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any project included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio. 
A political agreement between the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament, has been 
reached in February 2023 and fine-tuned in May 2023 on the European Green Bond Standard, which will be a 
voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds (such as the green Themed Notes) where the proceeds 
will be invested in economic activities aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation. However, certain technical 
aspects of the text remain subject to change and there is no assurance if or when such European Green Bond 
Standard will be confirmed and adopted. Any green Themed Notes issued under this Programme will not be 
aligned with such European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes 
set out in La Banque Postale’s Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds available on La 
Banque Postale’s website only. It is not clear at this stage the impact which the European Green Bond Standard, 
if and when implemented, may have on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such 
as the green Themed Notes) that do not meet such standard. It could reduce demand and liquidity for such 
Themed Notes and their price. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Themed Notes in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus as completed or specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the projects or activities included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio may not be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule as

--- Page 27 ---
A51252112 
27 
 
expected by the Noteholders. The projects or activities included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio may not be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment, social or sustainability aspect) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event 
or failure by the Issuer will not (i) constitute an event of default (ii) give rise to any other claim or right 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Themed Notes) of a Noteholder against the 
Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer) or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Themed Notes 
or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights 
in respect of any Themed Notes. Noteholders of any Themed Notes shall have no preferential rights or priority 
against the assets of any Eligible Loan Portfolio nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance 
of the Themed Notes. 
Moreover, potential investors should be aware that the allocation reporting will be available to investors solely 
once per year and will only produce the total amount allocated to the various categories of projects or activities 
included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio. Thus, investors will not have exhaustive visibility on the projects or 
activities included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio.  
Any failure to use the net proceeds from such Notes or an equivalent amount on projects or activities included 
in the Eligible Loan Portfolio or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally, socially or sustainably focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value of 
the Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social 
and/or sustainable assets and consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
C. 
Risk factors related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have a limited established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This 
is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, that are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or that have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse 
effect on the market value of Notes. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue at the date of this Base Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to certain of the Notes which may be issued hereunder. Such lack of liquidity 
may result in investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the 
performance of the Notes. The Issuer cannot predict whether these circumstances will change and whether, if 
and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments similar to the Notes 
at that time. 
Although applications have been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes 
will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
These risk factors could materially and adversely affect the market value of the Notes and, as a consequence, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
A51252112 
28 
 
Market value of the Notes 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and application 
may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in an EEA Member State. 
If this is the case, the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Notes will specify such admission to trading. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including, but not limited to, the market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the Maturity 
Date or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be. 
The value of the Notes on Euronext or any other Regulated Markets in an EEA Member State depends on a 
number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events in France or elsewhere, 
including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. 
The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which 
could be substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholders and result 
in losing all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency" as defined 
in Condition 5(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the 
Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. 
An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the 
principal payable on the Notes, and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. If this risk ever materialises, the Noteholders may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. As a consequence, this may adversely affect the 
Noteholders who could lose part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
A51252112 
29 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In connection with Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus that may affect the assessment of 
any Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus in accordance with article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of the Notes, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each 
Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement to the Base Prospectus as 
may reasonably be requested. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be published on the websites of (i) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and (ii) La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com).

--- Page 30 ---
A51252112 
30 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the following pages and sections identified 
in the cross-reference list below which are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to form part of, 
this Base Prospectus and which are included in the following documents (see hyperlink in blue below): 
(a) 
the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 in the French language 
which includes notably the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 prepared 
in accordance with French GAAP and the statutory auditors' audit report thereon (the "2021 Annual 
Financial Report");  
(b) 
the annual financial report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022 in the French language 
which includes notably the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 prepared 
in accordance with French GAAP and the statutory auditors' audit report thereon (the "2022 Annual 
Financial Report");  
(c) 
the semi-annual financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023 in the French language and prepared 
in accordance with French GAAP and the statutory auditors’ review report thereon (together, the "2023 
Semi-Annual Financial Report");and  
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained (i) in the base prospectus of La Banque Postale Home 
Loan SFH dated 25 September 2018 (the "2018 EMTN Conditions"), (ii) in the base prospectus of La 
Banque Postale Home Loan SFH dated 12 April 2019 (the "2019 EMTN Conditions"), (iii) in the base 
prospectus of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH dated 7 May 2020 (the "2020 EMTN Conditions"), 
(iii) in the base prospectus of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH dated 18 May 2021 (the "2021 EMTN 
Conditions"), and (iv) in the base prospectus of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH dated 5 July 2022 
(the "2022 EMTN Conditions" and, together with the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions and the 2021 EMTN Conditions, the "EMTN Previous 
Conditions").  
Any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be published on the website of La Banque 
Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com). 
For the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation, information can be found in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus in accordance with the following cross-reference table (in which the 
numbering refers to the relevant items of Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 
14 March 2019, as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation). 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross-
reference list below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections of the documents listed in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
which are not included in the cross-reference list below are not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
and may be considered to be either not relevant to investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The documents listed in paragraphs (c) are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued 
with the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions

--- Page 31 ---
A51252112 
31 
 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980, as amended) 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
2021 Annual Financial Report 
11.1 Historical financial information 
  
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering 
the latest two financial years (or such shorter period as the 
Issuer has been in operation) and the audit report in respect 
of each year. 
Pages 4 to 49 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
Page 33 
11.1.5 Financial information 
  
• 
Balance sheet 
• 
Income statement 
• 
Cash flow statement 
• 
Statement of changes in equity 
• 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
 
Pages 29 and 30 
Page 31  
Page 32  
Page 42 
Pages 33 to 46 
11.3 Auditing of Historical financial information 
Pages 47 to 49 
2022 Annual Financial Report 
4.1.5 Details of any recent events particular to the issuer 
and which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation 
of the issuer’s solvency 
Pages 24 and 38 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 Audited historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (or such shorter period as the 
Issuer has been in operation) and the audit report in respect 
of each year. 
Pages 5 to 55 
11.1.3 Accounting standards 
Page 37 
11.1.5 Financial information 
  
• 
Balance sheet 
• 
Income statement 
• 
Cash flow statement 
• 
Statement of changes in equity 
• 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
Pages 32 to 34 
Page 35  
Page 36 and 37  
Page 48 
Pages 37 to 52

--- Page 32 ---
A51252112 
32 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980, as amended) 
REFERENCE 
11.1.7 Age of financial information 
31/12/2022 
11.3 Auditing of Historical financial information 
Pages 53 to 55 
2023 Semi-Annual Financial Report 
11.2 Interim and other financial information 
 
If the issuer has published quarterly or half yearly financial 
information since the date of its last audited financial 
statements, these must be included in the registration 
document. If the quarterly or half yearly financial 
information has been reviewed or audited, the audit or 
review report must also be included. If the quarterly or half 
yearly financial information is not audited or has not been 
reviewed state that fact. 
Pages 2 to 38 
 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued with the 
relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
Base prospectus dated 25 September 2018 
Pages 102 to 126 
Base prospectus dated 12 April 2019 
Pages 107 to 135 
Base prospectus dated 7 May 2020 
Pages 54 to 87 
Base prospectus dated 18 May 2021 
Pages 56 to 89 
Base prospectus dated 5 July 2022 
Pages 54 to 88

--- Page 33 ---
A51252112 
33 
 
 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE 
PROSPECTUS 
In the context of any offer of Notes in France and/or any jurisdiction of the European Union to which this Base 
Prospectus has been passported from time to time (the "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction") that is not within 
an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, (a "Non-Exempt 
Offer"), the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (together, the 
"Prospectus") in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") and in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms by:  
(1) subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary authorised to make 
such offers pursuant to MiFID II and which satisfies any conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(2) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person 
and disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and 
Sale" in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer (as defined below); (c) considers 
the relevant EEA manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under 
the "MiFID II product governance" legend and/or the relevant UK manufacturer’s target market 
assessment and distribution channels identified under the “UK MiFIR product governance” legend set out 
in the applicable Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) 
received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and 
clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under 
the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the 
Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, 
anti-bribery and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does 
not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement 
to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further 
conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the 
avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure that an Authorised 
Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final Terms, for the 
content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to 
whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period 
for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the 
actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of 
business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such 
offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date falling 12 months 
from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF.

--- Page 34 ---
A51252112 
34 
 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to 
use the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors 
after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to 
such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of 
the relevant Final Terms at www.labanquepostale.com. 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer 
Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its 
website that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer 
and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-
Exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in 
connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the 
Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers 
and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any 
terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as 
to price allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer"). 
The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection 
with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not 
contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to 
Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of 
La Banque Postale, Natixis or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such 
information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors. 
References in this Base Prospectus to "Dealers" are to La Banque Postale, Natixis and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches.

--- Page 35 ---
A51252112 
35 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
Transfer of full title 
(remise en pleine 
propriété) of Eligible 
Assets as Collateral 
Security under the 
Collateral Security 
Agreement 
Loans granted under 
the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement 
Payment of principal 
and interest under the 
loans 
Proceeds of the 
subscription of 
the Notes 
Payment of 
principal and 
interest under the 
Notes 
Noteholders 
La Banque Postale 
Home Loan SFH 
(Issuer) 
La Banque Postale 
(servicer, Services 
Provider, Manager 
(gestionnaire) and 
Issuer Accounts 
BNP Paribas (Fiscal Agent, 
Principal Paying 
Agent and Calculation Agent) 
La Banque Postale 
(Borrower) 
Cover Pool 
of Eligible Assets

--- Page 36 ---
A51252112 
36 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIETES 
DE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT  
Legal framework 
The legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat results from the following 
provisions, as they may be amended from time to time:  
(a) the Covered Bonds Directive;  
(b) Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and the Council;  
(c) articles L.513-3, L.513-7 to L.513-26-1 and L.513-28 to L.513-33 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code;  
(d) articles R.513-1-A, R.513-1, R.513-4, R.513-6 to R.513-12 and R.513-14 to R.513-21 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code;  
(e) the regulation (réglement) n°99-10 dated 9 July 1999 relating to sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat issued by the Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière 
(Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) (the “CRBF Regulation”); and  
(f) the various Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution's instructions applicable to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat (the “ACPR Instructions”).  
This legal and regulatory regime has been amended by Ordinance n°2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the 
decree (décret) n° 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, a ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 July 2021, and the 
decree (décret) n° 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022, which have transposed the Covered Bonds Directive under 
French law. Such new regime applies as from 8 July 2022.  
This new regime has been amended by the decree (décret) n°2023-102 dated 16 February 2023 applicable 
as from 19 February 2023. 
Entities entitled to issue obligations de financement de l'habitat 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat are licensed as specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit 
spécialisés) and authorised to act as sociétés de financement de l'habitat by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution. 
The exclusive legal purpose of the sociétés de financement de l'habitat is to grant or finance home loans and 
hold securities, exposures and deposits under the conditions set out in the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Eligible assets 
In accordance with the French current legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat on the 
date hereof, the eligible assets to a société de financement de l'habitat comprises notably: 
(a) 
loans granted by it to any credit institution and guaranteed by the transfer (remise), the assignment 
(cession) or the pledge (nantissement) of home loans receivables (as defined in paragraph (d) below), 
pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 or articles L.313-23 
to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, regardless of their professional nature; 
(b) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by any credit institution, pursuant to, and in accordance with, 
the provisions of articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and which 
are issued in order to refinance home loans receivables that meet legal criteria of article L.513-29 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code, as an exception to article L.313-42 of the said code; and

--- Page 37 ---
A51252112 
37 
 
(c) 
home loans which are defined as loans that: 
(i) 
aim at financing, in whole or in part, residential real property located in France or another 
European Union Member State or an European Economic Area Member State or a State 
benefiting from the highest level of credit assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) 
assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution pursuant to article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code; and 
(ii) 
are guaranteed by a first-ranking mortgage or a charge over real property which provides a 
guarantee at least equivalent, or a guarantee (cautionnement) granted by a credit institution or an 
insurance company and qualifying at least for the second level of credit assessment (deuxième 
échelon de qualité de crédit) given by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution pursuant to article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code. 
In accordance with article R.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, any société de financement 
de l'habitat must keep an up-to-date list (état) of the loans it has granted or acquired. Such list must also mention 
the nature and the value of the guarantees relating to these loans, together with the nature and the amount of the 
privileged debts. 
In accordance with article L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de 
l'habitat may also hold securities, exposures and deposits within the conditions and limits set out in articles 
R.513-6 and R.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code that may be financed by privileged resources. 
Finally, a société de financement de l'habitat may acquire and own any immovable or movable property which 
is necessary for the accomplishment of its corporate purpose or which derives from recovery of the receivables 
it holds. 
A société de financement de l'habitat is not entitled to hold any equity interest (participations) in any entity in 
accordance with article L.513-29-IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
See also the section entitled "Description of the Issuer – Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview". 
Privilège and liabilities 
Privilège 
The obligations de financement de l'habitat issued by sociétés de financement de l'habitat, together with the 
other resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform the public (provided for in 
the Prospectus Regulation) or any equivalent document required for the admission to trading on foreign 
regulated markets which mentions the Privilège, and the liabilities resulting from derivative transactions 
relating to the hedging of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged debts in accordance with 
article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code benefit from the Privilège set out under article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Pursuant to article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, notwithstanding any legal provisions 
to the contrary (including Livre VI of the French Commercial Code in respect of insolvency proceedings): 
(a) 
the sums deriving from the loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits referred 
to in articles L.513-3 to L.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, including, any mortgages, 
guarantees, accessories and indemnities relating thereto and from the financial instruments used for 
hedging as referred to in article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, after set-off as 
the case may be, together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the société de financement de 
l'habitat with credit institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of the obligations de financement 
de l'habitat, to other resources benefiting from the Privilège;

--- Page 38 ---
A51252112 
38 
 
(b) 
when a société de financement de l'habitat is subject to any safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire), liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or to 
resolution proceedings opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, 
the amounts due regularly from the operations referred to in articles L.513-30 I. and L.513-30 I bis. of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all 
other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever 
their duration. No other creditor of a société de financement de l'habitat may exercise any right over the 
assets and rights of such société de financement de l'habitat, either in principal or accrued or future 
interest, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been fully paid off; and 
(c) 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer will result in the acceleration of payment of 
obligations de financement de l'habitat and other debts benefiting from the Privilège. Notwithstanding 
any legal or contractual provision to the contrary, no termination, suspension, amendment or set-off of 
an ongoing forward financial instrument entered into by the Issuer can result solely from safeguard 
(sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer. 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may also raise other resources which do not benefit from the Privilège.  
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
Pursuant to article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer may only finance the home 
loans through issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other resources benefiting from the 
Privilège up to the lowest of the following amounts: 
(a) 
the principal outstanding amount of the home loan; 
(a) 
the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate by guaranteed home loans or of the charged real 
estate for mortgage home loan and (ii) the applicable "financing portion" (quotité de financement) 
referred to in article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Cover ratio 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio between their assets and their 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. According to articles L.513-12 and R.513-8 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio of at least 105 
per cent. of the total amount of their liabilities which benefit from the Privilège by the total amount of their 
assets, including, claims for payment attached to forward financial instruments benefiting from the Privilège. 
The modalities for the calculation of this cover ratio are specified in article R.513-8 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code, as amended by the decree (décret) n° 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022. 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must appoint a Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the 
approval of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution whose task is to ensure that the cover ratio is 
complied with at all times. In particular, the Specific Controller must certify that the cover ratio is satisfied in 
connection with (i) the société de financement de l'habitat's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the 
Privilège and (ii) any specific issue also benefiting from the Privilège whose amount is greater than Euro 500 
million. The Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) must verify the quality of the assets, the process of 
yearly revaluation and the quality of the asset liability management. The Specific Controller (contrôleur 
spécifique) (as further described in the paragraph entitled "Specific Controller" below) has access to information

--- Page 39 ---
A51252112 
39 
 
that allows confirmation of each issue's compliance with the cover ratio. This cover ratio is published at least 
four times a year and checked on a quarterly basis and for each issue whose amount is greater than Euro 500 
million or its equivalent in any other currency, by the Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique). On 31 
December 2021, the asset cover ratio of the Issuer attested by the Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) 
was equal to 136.6%. On 31 December 2022, the asset cover ratio of the Issuer attested by the specific controller 
(contrôleur spécifique) was equal to 132%. 
Liquidity coverage 
In accordance with article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de 
l'habitat must ensure at any time the funding of its liquidity needs over a period of 180 calendar days, taking 
into account the provisional fund flows arising from the principal and interest amounts over its assets and the 
net flows relating to the forward financial instruments (instruments financiers à terme) referred to in article 
L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. The needs in cash are covered with liquid assets and 
short-term exposures to credit institutions complying with the provisions of article R.513-7 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
In the case where the assets of the société de financement de l'habitat are composed of receivables guaranteed 
by collateral assets in accordance with articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to 
L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, if these assets are not liquid assets and short-term 
exposures to credit institutions, the liquidity needs are evaluated by considering the assets transferred as 
collateral security (and not the receivables). 
Pursuant to the article 12 of the CRBF Regulation, sociétés de financement de l'habitat shall ensure that the 
average life of the eligible assets held by them, up to the minimum amount required to comply with the cover 
ratio referred to in article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, does not exceed more than 
eighteen (18) months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. For that purpose, when the 
assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to 
L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which are not securities, 
exposures and deposits sufficiently secure and liquid as referred to in article L.513-7 of the Monetary and 
Financial Code, the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received as collateral 
rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Securities.  
In accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, a société de financement de l'habitat may also, by derogation to the provisions of articles 1349 of the 
French Civil Code, L.228-44 and L.228-74 of the French Commercial Code, subscribe for its own obligations 
de financement de l'habitat, for the sole purpose of pledging them as collateral security (affecter en garantie) 
in order to secure the credit transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the 
terms and conditions determined by the Banque de France for its monetary and intraday credit policy, if the 
société de financement de l'habitat is not able to cover its cash needs with the other means available to it, 
provided that: 
(a) 
the total amount of the obligations de financement de l'habitat subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed 
ten (10) per cent. of the total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the 
Privilège as at the date of their subscription; 
(a) 
such obligations de financement de l'habitat are disentitled of their rights under articles L.228-46 to 
L.228-89 of the French Commercial Code as long as the société de financement de l'habitat holds them; 
(b) 
such obligations de financement de l'habitat are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within 
an 8-calendar day period starting from the date on which they are paid and delivered (otherwise, such

--- Page 40 ---
A51252112 
40 
 
Notes shall be cancelled by the société de financement de l'habitat at the end of such 8-calendar day 
period); and 
(c) 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the obligations de financement de l'habitat subscribed by the société de financement de l'habitat in 
accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, shall be cancelled within an 8-calendar day period starting from the date on which they cease to be 
pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France. 
Hedging  
The Issuer may enter into swaps to hedge its interests and currency risks on the loans and exposures referred to 
in articles L.513-28 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, on the obligations de 
financement de l'habitat and on other resources whether or not benefiting from the Privilège.  
The hedging strategy of the Issuer will be to enter into micro-hedging swaps in order to hedge the amount of 
interest and principal payable by the Issuer under any relevant series of Notes in the relevant specified currency 
against the interest rate and/or currency risk of the payments corresponding to the interest and principal in each 
relevant currency to be received by the Issuer under its assets. 
The swap arrangements to be entered into by the Issuer will follow the last up-to-date ISDA standard form 
available at the time of the conclusion of the swaps master agreement or, when legally required, its equivalent 
under the last up-to-date FBF (Fédération Bancaire Française) standard form available at the time of the 
conclusion of the swaps. 
All of the hedge counterparties to these currency or interest rate swaps will have to be compliant with the 
methodology on counterparty risks for covered bonds' issuers in force from time to time of the relevant rating 
agency which will assess the rating of the Notes issued under the Programme at that time. 
Pursuant to the terms of the swap agreements to which the Issuer will be a party, in the event that the relevant 
ratings of the relevant hedging counterparty is or are downgraded by a rating agency below the required ratings 
specified in the relevant swap agreement and, where applicable, the relevant hedging counterparty will, in 
accordance with and pursuant to the terms of the relevant swap agreement, be required to take certain remedial 
measures which may include one (1) or more of the following: (i) providing collateral for its obligations under 
the relevant swap agreement; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the relevant swap agreement to be 
transferred to a replacement hedging provider with the ratings required by the rating agency (as specified in the 
relevant swap agreement); (iii) procuring another entity with the ratings agreed with the relevant rating agency 
(as specified in the relevant swap agreement) to become co-obligor in respect of its obligations under the 
relevant swap agreement; and/or (iv) taking such other actions as the relevant hedging counterparty may agree 
with the relevant rating agency. 
As far as the Issuer itself is concerned, it will not be required to provide collateral or take any of the 
above-mentioned remedial measures to the benefit of its hedging counterparties depending on its ratings. 
All amounts due to such hedging counterparties and payable by the Issuer pursuant to these currency or interest 
rate swaps will be expressed as benefiting from the Privilège. Interest rate and currency risk positions of the 
Issuer will be reviewed on a regular basis quarter in order to be adjusted to events that may occur and which 
cannot be known in advance (such as in case of prepayments under the loans owned by the Issuer, etc.).  
Insolvency derogating regime 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code precludes the extension of any safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation

--- Page 41 ---
A51252112 
41 
 
(liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the société de financement de l'habitat's shareholders to the société de 
financement de l'habitat. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code provides for a regime which derogates in many ways from the French 
legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. In particular, in the event of safeguard procedure (procédure 
de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of a 
société de financement de l'habitat and any resolution proceedings against a société de financement de l’habitat, 
all claims benefiting from the Privilège, including interest thereon, must be paid on their due dates and in 
preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of all 
such preferred claims, no other creditors may take any action against the assets or rights of the société de 
financement de l'habitat (either in principal or accrued or future interest). 
In addition, pursuant to article L.513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the provisions of article 
L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code are not applicable to contracts concluded by a société de financement 
de l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by or in favour of société de financement de l'habitat, as far as such 
contracts or transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in articles L.513-2 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
Specific Controller 
In each société de financement de l'habitat, a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) (the "Specific 
Controller") and a substitute Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant) are in charge of ensuring 
the compliance of the société de financement de l'habitat with the legal framework described above. The 
Specific Controller and the substitute Specific Controller are selected from the official list of auditors and 
appointed by the officers of the société de financement de l'habitat with the approval of the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution. 
Pursuant to article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the tasks of the Specific Controller 
are: 
(a) 
to ensure that the société de financement de l'habitat complies with articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code; 
(b) 
to certify that the cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the société de financement de l'habitat's 
quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any issue of resources benefiting 
from the Privilège and whose amount is greater than Euro 500 million or its equivalent in any other 
currency; 
(c) 
to ensure that the home loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat comply with the purpose defined at article L.513-28 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and with the requirements set out in articles L.513-29 and L.513-30 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code; 
(d) 
to control, when the home loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat are subject to a guarantee (cautionnement) from a credit institution or an insurance company 
included in the consolidation scope, as defined by article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code as 
applicable to the société de financement de l'habitat, the risks assessment methods established by such 
credit institution or insurance company are adequate, in accordance with article R.513-21 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code;  
(e) 
to review, pursuant to article 12-ter of the CRBF Regulation, the level of rate matching between the 
assets and the liabilities. In case the Specific Controller believes that the level of rate and maturity 
matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the privilège, the Specific

--- Page 42 ---
A51252112 
42 
 
Controller informs the officers of the relevant société de financement de l'habitat and the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de resolution; and 
(f) 
in relation to Notes for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” 
label, 
to 
verify 
that 
the 
provisions 
of 
article 
129 
of  
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended, the “CRR”) are complied with. 
The Specific Controller attends all shareholders' meetings and, on his request, may be heard by the board of 
directors of the société de financement à l'habitat (article L.513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code). 
The Specific Controller is entitled to receive all the documents and information necessary to the fulfilment of 
its mission and to perform, under certain conditions, any audit and control in the premises of the société de 
financement de l'habitat. The Specific Controller prepares annual reports on the accomplishment of his missions 
to the management of the société de financement de l'habitat, a copy of which is delivered to the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. 
Extendable maturity structure 
Prior to the Ordinance n°2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 and the decree (décret) n° 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021, 
the practice of issuing obligations de financement de l’habitat with extendable maturity structures has 
developed among sociétés de financement de l'habitat.  
Such practice is now enshrined by Ordinance n°2021-858 dated 30 June 2021, the decree (décret) n° 2021-898 
dated 6 July 2021, the decree (décret) n° 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 and the decree (décret) n°2023-102 dated 
16 February 2023. 
In accordance with article L.513-30 I bis. and article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a 
société de financement de l’habitat may issue obligations de financement de l’habitat with extendable maturity 
structures, provided that:  
(i) 
the relevant maturity extension trigger(s) are those mentioned in article R.513-8-1 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code;  
 
(ii) 
the contractual terms and conditions of such obligations de financement de l’habitat specify the 
relevant maturity extension trigger(s);  
 
(iii) 
the final maturity date of such obligations de financement de l’habitat is at all times determinable; and  
 
(iv) 
in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the société de financement de l’habitat, or resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the société de 
financement de l’habitat issuing such obligations de financement de l’habitat mentioned in Article 
R.513-8-1, paragraph 4° of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the maturity extensions do not 
affect the ranking of the investors in such obligations de financement de l’habitat or invert the 
sequencing of the original maturity schedule of such obligations de financement de l’habitat.  
 
With respect to the Issuer, the maturity of the Notes of a given Series may be extended in accordance with, and 
subject to, the provisions of Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of the Notes 
Labelling 
Pursuant to article L.513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, a société de financement de 
l'habitat may use:

--- Page 43 ---
A51252112 
43 
 
(i) 
the label “European Covered Bond” for issuances of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with the legal framework applicable 
to sociétés de financement de l'habitat; and 
(ii) 
the label “European Covered Bond (Premium)” for issuances of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
or other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that the ACPR has confirmed that the société 
de financement de l'habitat complies with the legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat and article 129 of CRR. 
If a société de financement de l’habitat either (i) requests the use of, or (ii) benefits from, the “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” label, in accordance with article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code the Specific Controller shall verify that the provisions of article 129 of CRR are complied with. 
Pursuant to article 16 of the CRBF Regulation, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is 
responsible for the granting and control of both “European Covered Bond” and “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)” labels. In particular, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution publishes the list of 
obligations de financement de l’habitat that are entitled to use theses labels. Subject to the aforementioned 
verification of the Specific Controller and approval and supervision of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de resolution, the Issuer intends to issue Covered Bonds that are entitled to use the “European Covered Bonds 
(Premium)” label. However, no representation is made or assurance given that any Notes to be issued will 
actually be and remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until their maturity.

--- Page 44 ---
A51252112 
44 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Incorporation, duration and registered office 
The Issuer was incorporated on 26 April 2010, as a French société par actions simplifiée under the name 
GALLIENI SF2-3. Its term of existence is ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its incorporation. The Issuer 
is registered in the Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés) of Paris under number 
522 047 570. 
From the date of its incorporation and until 18 July 2013, the Issuer did not engage in any business activity. 
On 7 February 2013, the Issuer adopted the legal form of French société anonyme and on 4 July 2013 the Issuer 
adopted its current legal and commercial name (i.e. La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH). 
On 18 July 2013, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution has licensed the Issuer as specialised credit 
institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de financement de l'habitat (formerly 
société financière). 
The Issuer's office is at 115, rue de Sèvres - 75275 Paris cedex 06, France, its telephone number: +33 (0)1 57 
75 60 00. 
The Issuer is governed by the legal and regulatory provisions applicable to commercial companies (sociétés 
commerciales) (including, without limitation, articles L.210-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code), to 
specialised credit institutions and to sociétés de financement de l'habitat (articles L.513-3, L.513-7 to L.513-
26-1 
and 
L.513-28 
et seq. 
and 
R.513-1-A, 
R.513-1, 
R.513-4, 
R.513-6 
to 
R.513-12 
and  
R.513-14 to R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the CRBF Regulation and the ACPR 
Instructions) (see the section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat"). 
The Issuer is a member of La Banque Postale Group. "La Banque Postale Group" means La Banque Postale 
and La Banque Postale and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole and "La Poste Group" means La 
Poste and La Poste and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates (filiales consolidées et participations 
consolidées) taken as a whole. 
Financial Elements 
The financial year of the Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December. The annual results of the Issuer shown in 
the documents incorporated by reference are the non-consolidated accounts. The Issuer prepares non-
consolidated accounts and does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
The Issuer produces investor reports which are available on its website (www.labanquepostale.com).  
Share capital 
The Issuer's share capital, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, amounts to EUR 244,000,000 divided into 
24,400,000 fully paid-up ordinary shares of EUR 10. At the date of this Base Prospectus, a hundred per cent 
(100%) of the share capital is owned by La Banque Postale, with the exception of one (1) share held by SF2, a 
subsidiary fully owned by La Banque Postale. 
There is no authorised and unissued share capital. There are no securities which grant rights to shares in the 
capital of the Issuer. All shares have equal voting rights.

--- Page 45 ---
A51252112 
45 
 
Covered notes 
Since the 1st of January 2023, the Issuer has issued EUR 3,250,000,000 of covered notes, and called EUR 
1,500,000,000; EUR 500,000,000 of covered notes had matured; bringing the total amount of outstanding 
covered notes to EUR 20,216,000,000 as at the 20 October 2023. The complete list of the covered notes which 
have been issued by La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH is available on the ECBC website: 
www.coveredbondlabel.com. 
Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview 
The Issuer's shall only carry out the activities and operations, whether in France or abroad, that are expressly 
allowed to it under its legal exclusive purpose defined in articles L.513-28 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code applicable to the sociétés de financement de l'habitat and in article 2 of its by-laws (statuts). 
For information regarding the agreements already entered into by the Issuer, at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
see the section entitled "Relationship between La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH and La Banque Postale". 
The Issuer may participate in any clearing system, interbank settlement system (système de règlements 
interbancaires), securities delivery and payment system (système de règlement-livraison de titres), as well as 
any activity within the context of the monetary policy of the European Central Bank. 
More generally, the Issuer may perform any ancillary activities relating to its business or for the purpose of 
achieving its corporate purpose, as long as these activities comply with the corporate purpose of sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat as it is defined in legal and mandatory legislation applying to their activities. 
For a description of the legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat, see the section 
entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat". 
The Issuer may issue obligations de financement de l'habitat benefiting from the privilège defined in article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code as part of this Programme and, as the case may be, any 
other notes whether under a programme or not and any other resources governed by the French law or any other 
law and benefiting from the Privilège or not. In particular, the Issuer may issue German Law Governed Notes 
under the Programme which will benefit from the Privilège. 
In accordance with French law, notably the requirement to obtain an express legislative authorisation for each 
guarantee, the Notes do not benefit from any guarantee of any kind, direct or indirect, from the French State. 
Subsidiaries 
Pursuant to article L.513-29-IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Issuer is not entitled to hold 
any equity interest (participations) in any entity. 
Management of the Issuer  
The Issuer is run by a board of directors (conseil d'administration). 
The Issuer's board of directors (conseil d'administration), which at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises 
six (6) members, including La Banque Postale, has full powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer 
within the limits set by its internal rules and the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer and subject to the powers 
expressly conferred by the French Commercial Code to shareholders’ general meetings. 
The chairperson of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) organises and directs the work 
of the board of directors, of which he shall give an account at the shareholders' meetings, ensures that the 
governing bodies of the Issuer operate properly, and that the directors are able to perform their duties. At the

--- Page 46 ---
A51252112 
46 
 
date of this Base Prospectus, the chairperson of the board of directors (président du conseil d'administration) 
is Tiphaine du Bois de Gaudusson. 
The management of the Issuer consists of the chief executive officer (directeur général) and one or more deputy 
chief executive officers (directeurs généraux délégués). The chief executive officer (directeur général) is vested 
with the broadest powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits of the corporate 
purpose, and subject to the powers expressly attributed by law to shareholders' meetings and the special powers 
of the board of directors. He represents the Issuer in its relationships with third parties. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the chief executive officer (directeur général) is Patrick Peaucelle. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) is Dominique Heckel. 
Names, business address and functions of the members of the board of directors (conseil d'administration) and 
principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Name 
Business Address 
Function 
Principal activities 
performed outside the 
Issuer 
Tiphaine du Bois de 
Gaudusson  
115, rue de Sèvres – 75275 
Paris cedex 06, France 
Chairperson of the board of 
directors (président du 
conseil d'administration) 
and director 
(administrateur) 
Secrétaire Général at La 
Banque Postale 
Stéphane Derouvroy 
115, rue de Sèvres – 75275 
Paris cedex 06, France 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Director of Structuring and 
Syndication within the 
Markets and Financing 
Department of La Banque 
Postale’s Corporate and 
Investment Banking 
Serge Bayard 
115, rue de Sèvres – 75275 
Paris cedex 06, France 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Directeur général adjoint 
de la Banque de 
Financement et 
d’investissement at La 
Banque Postale 
La Banque Postale 
represented by: Sylvie 
Braun 
115, rue de Sèvres – 75275 
Paris cedex 06, France 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Parent Company 
Frédérique Maufay - 
Coutarel 
115, rue de Sèvres – 75275 
Paris cedex 06, France 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Chargée de mission auprès 
du Président at SOFIAP  
Stéphane Magnan 
115, rue de Sèvres – 75275 
Paris cedex 06, France 
Director 
(administrateur) 
Directeur financier des 
fonds d’épargne at La 
Caisse des Dépôts et des 
Consignations 
The Issuer identified no potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to it by the members of the board 
of directors (membres du conseil d'administration) and their private interests.

--- Page 47 ---
A51252112 
47 
 
Control of the Issuer 
The Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit as statutory auditor (commissaires aux comptes) on 
16 April 2010 and has renewed it on 25 May 2016.The Issuer has appointed KPMG Audit FS I as co-statutory 
auditor (commissaires aux comptes) on 29 July 2013 and has appointed KPMG S.A. on 29 May 2019. The 
Issuer has also appointed Jean-Christophe Georghiou as substitute statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes 
suppléant) of PricewaterhouseCoopers on 25 May 2016. The Issuer noticed the expiry of the mandate of 
KPMG Audit FS II, which merged with KPMG S.A., as substitute statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes 
suppléant) of KPMG S.A. on 29 May 2019 and decided not to appoint another substitute statutory auditor 
(commissaire aux comptes suppléant) in compliance with applicable laws and regulations (for further details, 
see the section entitled "General information – paragraph (10)"). 
On 31 May 2022, the Issuer acknowledged the expiry of the mandate of PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and 
Jean-Christophe Georghiou as substitute statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes suppléant). The Issuer 
decided to appoint Mazars instead of PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit. The Issuer decided also not to appoint 
another substitute statutory auditor (commissaire aux comptes suppléant) in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations. 
The Issuer has also appointed, in accordance with articles L.513-23, L.513-24 and L.513-32 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, Cailliau Dedouit et Associés as Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) and 
Rémi Savournin as substitute Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique suppléant). 
The board of directors of the Issuer set up an audit committee, a risk committee and a nomination committee. 
The audit committee is responsible in particular, under the supervision of the board of directors, for (i) reviewing 
the accounts of the Issuer before their presentation to the board of directors and (ii) ensuring that the accounting 
methods used to prepare the individual accounts are relevant and consistent. The risk committee is in charge 
of advising on the organisation of the internal audit. The nomination committee is responsible for identifying 
and proposing the future administrators with respect to their independence towards the Issuer, defining the 
required qualifications of proposed administrators in order to fulfil their missions. The nomination committee 
sets an objective in terms of diversity amongst the board. Eventually, the nomination committee, periodically 
assesses the knowledge abilities and skills of the administrators, and regularly monitors the policies in terms of 
appointing senior managers and the risk managers. 
The Issuer has also set-up a management committee and an internal control coordination committee. 
The management committee examines the asset liability management (the “ALM”) policy of the Issuer, ensures 
that checks and procedures relating to the Issuer's ALM policy are effective and attends to the effective 
application of principles in force within La Banque Postale with respect to risk management in connection with 
entering into forward financial instruments in order to give the Issuer complete protection from rate and 
currency risks. 
The purpose of the internal control coordination committee is to enable the chief executive officer (directeur 
général) of the Issuer to ensure the consistency and the effectiveness of the internal control of the Issuer. The 
chief executive officer (directeur général) of the Issuer is the chairman of the internal control coordination 
committee.

--- Page 48 ---
A51252112 
48 
 
The management of the Issuer can thus be summarised by the following chart:  
 
Staff 
The Issuer has no human resources. Its technical administration has been subcontracted to its parent, La Banque 
Postale, which acts in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer's board of directors, pursuant to the 
Outsourcing and Assistance Agreements and any document entered into between the Issuer and La Banque 
Postale in relation thereto (see the section entitled "Relationship between La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH 
and La Banque Postale"). 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regulations applicable to French companies. 
SENIOR MANAGERS 
(Dirigeants Effectifs) 
Dominique Heckel 
Patrick Peaucelle 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
(Conseil d'administration) 
 Tiphaine du Bois de Gaudusson  
(chairperson) 
La Banque Postale, represented by Sylvie Braun, 
Serge Bayard, 
Frédérique Maufay-Coutarel 
Stéphane Derouvroy 
Stéphane Magnan 
LA BANQUE POSTALE 
Management (L.513-15 
French Monetary and 
Financial Code) 
Internal Control 
Compliance control 
AUDIT 
COMMITTEE 
Stéphane Derouvroy 
 
(chairman) 
Tiphaine du Bois de 
Gaudusson 
Stéphane Magnan 
SPECIFIC 
CONTROLLER 
ALM control 
Quaterly Reporting 
The Specific 
Controller may be 
heard 
NOMINATION
COMMITTEE 
Serge Bayard 
Stéphane Magnan 
RISK 
COMMITTEE 
Stéphane Derouvroy 
 
(chairman) 
Tiphaine du Bois de 
Gaudusson  
Stéphane Magnan

--- Page 49 ---
A51252112 
49 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issues of the Notes or an equivalent amount will (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be used for financing or refinancing: 
(a) 
the granting of loans under the Uncommitted Facility Agreement; or 
(a) 
from time to time, the granting or acquisition of the other assets of the Issuer, in accordance with its by-
laws (statuts) and articles L.513-28 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code; or 
(b) 
in the case of Themed Notes, in whole or in part, new or existing projects or activities included in the 
Eligible Loan Portfolio, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and as further described in La Banque 
Postale’s Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds (as amended and supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
available 
on 
La 
Banque 
Postale’s 
website 
(https://www.labanquepostale.com/en/investors/debt/green-social-bonds.html). 
In accordance with sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if in respect of a particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms; 
See the sections entitled "Description of the Issuer – Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview" and 
"Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat". 
In relation to Themed Notes, the Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds is based on the 
Green Bond Principles (the "GBP"), the Social Bond Principles (the "SBP") and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines (the "SBG"), each published by the International Capital Market Association in its 2021 edition for 
GBP and SBG (with the 2022 appendix for the GBP) and in its 2023 edition for the SBP. It may be further 
updated or expanded to reflect updates to the GBP, SBP or SBG and evolutions in the La Banque Postale Group 
activities. The Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds sets out categories of projects or 
activities included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio which have been identified by La Banque Postale Group as 
promoting environmental and/or social positive impact. 
La Banque Postale has appointed Moody’s to provide a second party opinion (the "Second Party Opinion") 
on the Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds, assessing the environmental and social added 
value of the Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable bonds and its alignment with the GBP, the SBP 
and the SBG. The Second Party Opinion document is available on La Banque Postale’s website 
(https://www.labanquepostale.com/en/investors/debt/green-social-bonds.html).  
La Banque Postale intends to produce a reporting annually and to update it upon any material changes that 
would affect the Eligible Loan Portfolio, until the maturity of the relevant Themed Notes. The reporting will 
include allocation and impact reporting sections. The allocation reporting will indicate, inter alia, the total 
amount allocated to the various categories of projects or activities included in the Eligible Loan Portfolio.  
The 
reporting 
will 
be 
available 
on 
La 
Banque 
Postale’s 
website 
(https://www.labanquepostale.com/en/investors/debt/green-social-bonds.html). 
La Banque Postale will request, on an annual basis, a limited assurance report of the Eligible Loan Portfolio’s 
outstanding amount and of the impact reporting.  
This assurance will be provided by La Banque Postale’s auditors and will be included in La Banque Postale’s 
annual reporting.

--- Page 50 ---
A51252112 
50 
 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
Please refer to the section entitled "Relationship between La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH and La Banque 
Postale".

--- Page 51 ---
A51252112 
51 
 
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH AND LA 
BANQUE POSTALE 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the main contracts entered into between La Banque Postale Home Loan 
SFH and La Banque Postale are as follows: 
(a) 
the outsourcing and assistance agreements (convention d'externalisation et de fourniture de 
services; contrat cadre de prestations critiques ou importantes intragroupe ; contrats 
d’application), pursuant to which La Banque Postale (in its capacity as service provider, the 
"Services Provider") shall (i) fulfill regulatory obligations of the Issuer of permanent 
supervision, periodic supervision and compliance supervision and (ii) provide the Issuer with 
certain services required by its operations (administrative, logistic, tax accounting and legal 
assistance) (the "Outsourcing and Assistance Agreements"); 
(b) 
the management and servicing agreement (convention de gestion), pursuant to which La Banque 
Postale (in its capacity as manager, the "Manager") shall carry out, in accordance with article 
L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the administration and recovery of the 
receivables of the Issuer and shall provide financial management and ALM management of the 
Issuer (the "Management and Servicing Agreement"); 
(c) 
the Dealer Agreement in relation to the Programme; 
(d) 
the uncommitted facility agreement setting out the terms and conditions according to which the 
Issuer shall use the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to make loans available to La Banque 
Postale in an aggregate maximum amount equal to the Programme Limit (the "Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement"). The Uncommitted Facility Agreement is drafted on the basis of the Loan 
Market Association French law multicurrency term and revolving facilities agreement and 
contains usual and customary clauses for this type of financing. However, according to the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement, La Banque Postale is to assist the Issuer in finding the means 
necessary to cover the risk of non-compliance with its liquidity coverage obligation pursuant to 
Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Therefore, in order to 
cover the regulatory liquidity needs of the Issuer arising from the repayment of the hard bullet 
series 5 ISIN FR0011688464 due on January 15, 2024, La Banque Postale lent to the Issuer EUR 
750,000,000 (settlement date 29 September 2023). This loan will be reimbursed on 15 January 
2024 after the full repayment of the relevant Notes; 
(e) 
the collateral security agreement (the "Collateral Security Agreement") pursuant to which La 
Banque Postale shall, as security to its financial obligations towards the Issuer under the 
Uncommitted Facility Agreement: 
(i) 
transfer, by way of security (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) to the benefit 
of the Issuer pursuant to articles L.211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, home loans complying with the eligibility criteria provided for by article L.513-29 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code and additional criteria provided for in the 
Collateral Security Agreement and other eligible assets within the meaning of the French 
legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat (the "Collateral 
Security") for an amount which shall comply at all times with the Asset Cover Ratio; and 
(ii) 
(a) upon the occurrence of a Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event (as defined below) 
and within sixty (60) calendar days from the occurrence of such Collection Loss Rating 
Downgrade Event, transfer pursuant to articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code into the credit of a bank account to be opened in the Issuer's name and 
in the books a bank having a certain minimum credit rating an amount (gage-espèces)

--- Page 52 ---
A51252112 
52 
 
equal to the aggregate amount of collections (interest and principal) received by La Banque 
Postale under the home loan receivables granted as Collateral Security during the two and 
half (2.5) calendar months preceding the occurrence of such Collection Loss Rating 
Downgrade Event and (b) further, for so long as a Collection Loss Rating Downgrade 
Event is continuing, adjust within sixty (60) calendar days following each date on which 
the Asset Cover Test is performed, the amount standing to the credit of this bank account 
so that it is an amount equal to the sum of collections received by the Borrower under the 
home loans granted as Collateral Security during the two and half (2.5) calendar months 
preceding such date (the "Collection Loss Reserve"). 
"Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event" means the downgrading of the credit rating 
of La Banque Postale below A (long-term) or A-1 (short-term) by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (or any other rating levels as may be required by law and regulations 
applicable to SFH and/or complying with the then applicable public methodologies criteria 
of the relevant Rating Agency commensurate with the then applicable rating of the Notes). 
Failure by La Banque Postale to (i) fund the Collection Loss Reserve up to the required 
amount within the required period following the occurrence of the Collection Loss Rating 
Downgrade Event or (ii) adjust, as long as the Collection Loss Rating Downgrade Event 
is continuing, the amount standing into the credit of the Collection Loss Reserve Account 
up to the required amount within the required period following each date on which the 
Asset Cover Test is performed shall constitute an event of default under the Uncommitted 
Facility Agreement. 
(f) 
the issuer accounts agreement (the "Issuer Accounts Agreement") setting out the terms and 
conditions according to which La Banque Postale shall open, maintain and operate the bank 
accounts of the Issuer.

--- Page 53 ---
A51252112 
53 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes only (the "Terms and Conditions"). 
The terms and conditions applicable to the German Law Governed Notes are contained in the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below). In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not 
be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these Terms and Conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions as so completed (in 
each case subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive 
Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context 
requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the 
Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest) 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be fungible with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche 
(including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, 
if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue 
and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms") in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 20 October 2023, as amended from time to time (the "Agency 
Agreement") was entered into between the Issuer, BNP Paribas as fiscal agent and principal paying agent and 
the other agents named therein. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall 
include the Fiscal Agent) and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") 
relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons (the 
"Talons") for further Coupons are referred to below as the "Couponholders". 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in 
a member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"), as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority. 
1 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes will be Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat within the meaning of article L.513-30 I. 
and L.513-30 I bis. of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with articles L.211-3 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical 
document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to article R.211-7 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
A51252112 
54 
 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which 
shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant holder either in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of 
Notes or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the 
Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the 
Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream"). 
(i) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Materialised Notes") are numbered serially and are issued with Coupons (and, 
where appropriate, a Talon) attached. 
In accordance with articles L.211-3 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code, securities 
(such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) in materialised form and governed by 
French law must be issued outside the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more clearing 
system(s) other than, or in addition to, Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", 
"Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating/Floating Rate Notes", or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)"), save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the amount in such currency as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
in the United Kingdom will constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA"), 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained 
by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent.

--- Page 55 ---
A51252112 
55 
 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon 
attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any 
Note (as defined below), Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be, and may be treated as, its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable 
for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, 
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes, and (b) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Note and the Coupons or Talons relating to it. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, on any date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving 
at least thirty (30) calendar days' notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on 
which the European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as 
provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time) or events 
have occurred which have substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the 
Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the "Redenomination Date". 
2 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for Dematerialised 
Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in 
accordance with article R.211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination (as defined in the relevant Final Terms). 
In accordance with article L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, securities 
(including the Notes) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside the French 
territory.

--- Page 56 ---
A51252112 
56 
 
3 
Status 
The principal and interest of the Notes and, where applicable, any Coupons relating to them, constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4, privileged obligations of the 
Issuer and rank, and will rank, pari passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and 
rateably with all other present or future notes (including the Notes of all other Series) and other resources raised 
by the Issuer benefiting from the privilège (priority in right of payment) (the "Privilège") created by article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code as described in Condition 4. 
4 
Privilège 
(a) 
The Notes benefit from the Privilège created by article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code. 
(b) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Livre VI of the French 
Commercial Code), pursuant to articles L.513-11 and L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code: 
(i) 
the sums deriving from loans or assimilated receivables, exposures, securities and deposits 
eligible to the assets of a société de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of articles L.513-
28 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, including, any mortgages, 
guarantees, accessories and indemnities relating thereto, and forward financial instruments 
referred to in article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (in each case after any 
applicable set-off), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit 
institutions, are allocated in priority to the payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
such as the Notes, and any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège. 
It should be noted that it is not solely Notes that benefit from the Privilège; other resources raised 
by the Issuer pursuant to any agreement, document purporting to inform the public provided for 
in the Prospectus Regulation or any other equivalent document required in connection with the 
admission to trading on a Regulated Market located outside France referring to the Privilège and 
forward financial instruments (i.e. derivative transactions) used for hedging under the conditions 
of article L.513-10 of French Monetary and Financial Code, as well as some ancillary expenses 
and the sums, if any, due under the contract provided for in article L.513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code may also benefit from the Privilège;  
(ii) 
in case of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer, all amounts due 
regularly under obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the Notes, and any other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège, are paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other 
debts, whether or not preferred, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their 
duration. Accordingly, until all creditors (including the Noteholders) benefiting from the 
Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the 
assets and rights of the Issuer, either in principal or accrued or future interest; and 
(iii) 
neither safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, nor resolution proceedings opened pursuant to 
article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code against the Issuer will result in the 
acceleration of payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
A51252112 
57 
 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Benchmark” means the reference rate as set out in the applicable Final Terms which shall be either EURIBOR 
or €STR.  
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d). 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open to public for general 
business to the public in Paris and on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro (a "T2 
Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for that 
currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business 
Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting 
an Interest Period, the" Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual", "Actual/Actual-ISDA", "Act/Act", "Act/Act-ISDA" or "Actual/365-FBF" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February 
falls within the Calculation Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, 
the basis shall be calculated as follows: 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation Period; 
and 
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in the 
first paragraph of this definition; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" or "Act/Act-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, 
the number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of calendar days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 58 ---
A51252112 
58 
 
(x) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins, divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of calendar days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of calendar days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date, and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)", "Act/365 (Fixed)", "A/365 (Fixed)" or "A/365 F" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/360", "Act/360" or "A/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)


D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
Fraction
Count
Day
−

−


−


=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following 
the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the 
number of calendar days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last calendar day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first calendar day is neither the 
30th nor the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one 
(31) calendar days, 
using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF, the fraction is:

--- Page 59 ---
A51252112 
59 
 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30,31) 
then: 
(
)
(
)
(
)


1
dd
2
dd
30
1
mm
2
mm
360
1
yy
2
yy
360
1
−

−

−
 
or 
(
)
(
)
(
)
(
)


30
,
1
dd
Min
30
,
2
dd
Min
30
1
mm
2
mm
360
1
yy
2
yy
360
1
−

−

−
; 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)


D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
360
1
Fraction
Count
Day
−

−


−


=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of calendar days elapsed during 
such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) calendar days, 
subject to the following the exception: 
if the last calendar day of the Calculation Period is the last calendar day of the month of February, the 
number of calendar days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of calendar days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period  
the fraction is: 
(
)
(
)
(
)
(
)


30
,
1
dd
Min
30
,
2
dd
Min
30
1
mm
2
mm
360
1
yy
2
yy
360
1
−

−

−
; 
(x) 
if "30E/360-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)


(
)

(
)


D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
360
1
Fraction
Count
Day
−

−


−


=

--- Page 60 ---
A51252112 
60 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following the last 
calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first calendar day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the calendar day immediately following 
the last calendar day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar 
day is the last calendar day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last calendar day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that calendar day is the last calendar day of February but not the 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any) or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30. 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any floating rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first calendar 
day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"EURIBOR" means the rate calculated for deposits in euro which appears on the Relevant Screen Page. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted 
or will adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended from time to time. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française as amended from time to time (together 
the "FBF Master Agreement"), in their amended and updated version applicable as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable for an Interest Period, and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or such 
other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the Business Day 
falling two (2) T2 Business Days prior to the first calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Euro, or (ii) the first Business Day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling, or (iii) the Business Day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the

--- Page 61 ---
A51252112 
61 
 
Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks (excluding, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer) selected by the Calculation 
Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, 
shall be the Euro Zone). 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it 
first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) 
the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such 
Materialised Notes when, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR shall be the Euro 
Zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on 
the Effective Date. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service (including, but not limited to, Reuters) as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other 
part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as 
may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there 
for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the

--- Page 62 ---
A51252112 
62 
 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this 
purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro Zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 
11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii). 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 
 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears (except as otherwise provided 
in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are 
either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall 
mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the "Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the "Modified Following Business Day

--- Page 63 ---
A51252112 
63 
 
Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day, or (D) the "Preceding Business Day Convention", 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day 
Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date 
shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in (i) the relevant 
Final Terms and (ii) the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction (Echange) in the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and 
"Date de Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which 
shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the period of time 
of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time of next longer 
length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under

--- Page 64 ---
A51252112 
64 
 
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first calendar day of that Interest Accrual Period. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies that the 
rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity for which rates 
are available were the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of 
the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the 
relevant Interest Period. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate 
Notes) below, be either: 
(1) the offered quotation; or 
(2) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EURIBOR in each 
case appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.; 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (C)(a)(1) applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-
paragraph (C)(a)(2) applies and fewer than two such offered quotations appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the Relevant Time, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided

--- Page 65 ---
A51252112 
65 
 
above) of the quotations that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the 
rates (being the nearest equivalent to EURIBOR) in respect of a Representative 
Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the Euro Zone are quoting at or about the 
Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates 
for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the 
Specified Duration to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, except that, if 
fewer than two of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Euro Zone, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest 
Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
In the relevant Final Terms where the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being EURIBOR and linear interpolation is specified as 
applicable in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Benchmark, one of 
which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the 
period of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were 
the period of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant 
Interest Period. 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 66 ---
A51252112 
66 
 
“do” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business 
Days prior to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following T2 Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day 
and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day occurring on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
T2 Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day occurring on or after the 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notice). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day occurring on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest

--- Page 67 ---
A51252112 
67 
 
published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than 
the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (d): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the 
central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first 
date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as 
determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the 
Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the national 
central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published 
on the Website of the European Central Bank;

--- Page 68 ---
A51252112 
68 
 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(i) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first T2 Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of 
the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each 
of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(ii) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and published 
on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined below) at or 
before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term 
rate is published as provided in article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest 
rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business 
Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer 
provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator

--- Page 69 ---
A51252112 
69 
 
of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first T2 Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but 
excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the 
EDFR Spread; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the 
European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified 
in Condition 5(c)(iii), provided that this provision shall not apply in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes referencing €STR.  
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or

--- Page 70 ---
A51252112 
70 
 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate 
to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, 
notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the 
Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallbacks for the Original Reference Rate 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii), namely the Rate of Interest determined as at the

--- Page 71 ---
A51252112 
71 
 
last preceding Interest Determination Date will continue to apply to such 
determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time 
thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, 
if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
(and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions 
provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii), will continue to apply in 
accordance with their terms). This may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual 
Period in question. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, 
to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body;  
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where 
(A) above does not apply), is customary in international debt capital market 
transactions for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case 
may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
the Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or 
methodology which is customary in international debt capital market 
transactions, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to be 
appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and 
which is customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes;

--- Page 72 ---
A51252112 
72 
 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate 
(excluding €STR): 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
(ii) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (i);  
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months;  
(vi) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion 
of the supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying market or that 
its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
(vii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful 
for the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”), if applicable); or 
(viii) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to 
article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator 
previously authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been 
adopted. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(a). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or 
any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes;

--- Page 73 ---
A51252112 
73 
 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, 
following a Benchmark Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, 
having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for 
which a change of interest basis (the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
at the Issuer's option, the Issuer may elect to convert on the switch date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Switch Date"): 
- 
from Fixed Rate (as defined in Condition 5(b) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) to 
Floating Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) or 
from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate, with respect to Fixed/Floating Rate Notes; 
- 
from Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate with respect to Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes; 
- 
from Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate with respect to Floating/Floating Rate Notes. 
It is specified that the Issuer election to Change of Interest Basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest 
Basis") shall be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) within the period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. However, no Issuer Change of Interest Basis will apply if the Issuer does not send a valid 
notification to the relevant Noteholders as specified above and the Notes will bear interest at the 
rate applicable before the Switch Date; or 
(ii) 
automatically changes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate on 
the Switch Date (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"), 
provided that, in any case, if the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment Date, the Change of 
Interest Basis will apply either from (i) the Interest Period including the Switch Date or (ii) the Interest 
Period following the Switch Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
A51252112 
74 
 
(e) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after 
as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date. 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest and Redemption Amounts and rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest in the case 
of (x), or to the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next 
paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum or Minimum Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.  
(iii) 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
(iv) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth (1/100,000) of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall 
be rounded to seven (7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that 
fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these 
purposes, "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect 
of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods. 
(h) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts. 
The Calculation Agent, as soon as practicable on such date as it may be required to calculate any rate or 
amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and 
calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms) of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, shall calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Minimum Redemption Amount, Maximum Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early

--- Page 75 ---
A51252112 
75 
 
Redemption Amount, Minimum Redemption Amount, Maximum Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the holders of 
Notes, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation 
upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange and the rules of such Regulated Market or other stock exchange so 
require, such Regulated Market or other stock exchange as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such 
time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market or other stock exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number 
as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as 
defined above). If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to 
continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office 
in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Minimum Redemption Amount, Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign from its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or stock exchange 
and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market and/or stock exchange so require, notice of any 
change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that 
have been redeemed in full and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of 
which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption 
monies (including all interest accrued on such Notes up to the date for such redemption and any interest 
payable after such date) have been duly paid (c) those which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed under Condition 9, (d) those which have been purchased or subscribed 
and cancelled as provided in Condition 6(f), (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes (i) those 
mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such 
Definitive Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose)

--- Page 76 ---
A51252112 
76 
 
those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate 
to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant 
to its provisions or which has become void in accordance with its terms. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below or unless its maturity is 
extended in accordance with the paragraph below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided in these Conditions, is its nominal amount).  
As specified in the relevant Final Terms of the relevant Series, Notes may have:  
(i) 
hard bullet maturities (not allowing the Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended); or  
(ii) 
soft bullet maturities (allowing the Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended), 
provided that an extended Maturity Date (the "Extended Maturity Date") is specified as 
applying in relation to such Series in the relevant Final Terms and there occurs a Maturity 
Extension Trigger Event. 
A “Maturity Extension Trigger Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if, in accordance with the 
provisions of article R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, one or more of the following 
events occurs:  
(i) 
(x) La Banque Postale defaults in payment of the principal or of the interest of the loans 
granted by the Issuer on the maturity date originally planned, or (y) a credit institution issuing 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with, and pursuant 
to, the provisions of articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, defaults in payment of the principal or of the interest of these promissory notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer defaults in payment of the principal or of the interest of the Notes on the Maturity 
Date;  
(iii) 
when (x) La Banque Postale or (y) a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à 
ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with, and pursuant to, the provisions of articles 
L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, is the subject of safeguard 
(sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire), judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to article L.613-49 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code;  
(iv) 
when the Issuer is the subject of safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire), judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
This means that if a Maturity Extension Trigger Event occurs, then payment of such Final Redemption 
Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable six (6) months or several 
months or years later on the Extended Maturity Date. However, any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified 
Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest 
will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the Rate of Interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the

--- Page 77 ---
A51252112 
77 
 
Extended Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) no 
more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, 
if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount (as specified below) together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to this Condition shall be determined as specified below: 
Optional Redemption Amount = Y × Specified Denomination 
Where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed 
which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices and subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected, 
at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes 
in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full only 
some of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, the choice between those Dematerialised 
Notes that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed 
shall be made in accordance with article R.213-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and 
Regulated Market or stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) or (ii) in a leading financial newspaper with general circulation in the city where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located, which in the 
case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes, a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes 
drawn for redemption but not surrendered.

--- Page 78 ---
A51252112 
78 
 
(c) 
No Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
If any law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note be subject to 
deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, such Notes may 
not be redeemed early. 
(d) 
Subscriptions and purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe and purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, subject 
to the applicable laws and/or regulations.  
Notes subscribed or purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable French 
law and regulations. 
(e) 
Subscriptions of Notes to be pledged 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe for Notes for the purpose of pledging them 
(affecter en garantie) as collateral security in order to secure the credit transactions (opérations de crédit) 
of the Banque de France in accordance with the terms and conditions determined by the Banque de 
France for its monetary and intraday credit policy, if the Issuer is not able to cover its cash needs with 
the other means available to it, provided that: 
(i) 
the total amount of the Notes subscribed by the Issuer does not exceed ten (10) per cent. of the 
total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the Privilège as at the 
date of their subscription; 
(ii) 
the Notes are disentitled of their rights under articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code as long as the Issuer holds them; 
(iii) 
the Notes are pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France within an 8-calendar day period 
starting from the date on which they are paid and delivered (otherwise, such Notes shall be 
cancelled by the Issuer at the end of such 8-calendar day period); and 
(iv) 
they cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
In any case, the Notes subscribed by the Issuer shall be cancelled within an 8-calendar day period starting 
from the date on which they cease to be pledged for the benefit of the Banque de France. 
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which have been subscribed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and which are to be 
cancelled will be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering 
the relevant Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with 
all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, 
if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued 
or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 79 ---
A51252112 
79 
 
(g) 
Illegality 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of 
such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not 
more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount (which shall be the Final Redemption Amount) together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by transfer 
to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of 
the holders of Notes, and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant holder 
of Notes. All payments validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of 
the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer 
to an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency 
may be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident 
of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the 
payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre 
of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be any 
country in the Euro Zone, and, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only upon presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest 
in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only upon presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling 
to be issued on the exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before

--- Page 80 ---
A51252112 
80 
 
the expiry of five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would have become due, but in 
no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto 
will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if any), unmatured Coupons and Talons 
(if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the 
case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
upon presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agent(s) with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agent(s) would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts, and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence for the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other laws, regulations and directives, 
in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the 
Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case, does not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent(s), 
Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or 
Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or 
more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities and ensuring the financial servicing of the Notes free of charge to 
the Noteholders, so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, in such other city where the Notes 
are listed and/or admitted to trading, (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, a

--- Page 81 ---
A51252112 
81 
 
Registration Agent, and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated 
Market on which the Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders 
of Notes in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not 
be entitled to payment until (i) the next following business day or (ii) if "Modified Following" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the next following business day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
business day. The Noteholders shall not (i) be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment or (ii) receive less interest in respect of such anticipated payment. In this paragraph, 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centre(s)” in the relevant Final Terms, and (C) (i) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an 
account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may 
be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or 
(ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in Paris and the principal financial centre of 
the relevant currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2 System. 
8 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having the power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If any law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note or any Coupon 
relating thereto, be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties

--- Page 82 ---
A51252112 
82 
 
whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any such 
withholding or deduction. 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made subject to any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), to the extent applicable. Should a 
withholding or deduction be required pursuant to FATCA, the Issuer will not be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose shall not 
include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within a period of ten (10) years (in the case 
of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10 Representation of Noteholders 
Subject to the provisions of the Condition 10 (i) below, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the 
relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") 
which will be governed by the provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Commercial Code as 
amended by this Condition 10. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative 
(the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions").  
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may 
be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary and except as 
provided by paragraph 1 of article L.513-24 under the French Monetary and Financial Code) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative, except that, should safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) be commenced 
against the Issuer, the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) would file the evidence of debt of all

--- Page 83 ---
A51252112 
83 
 
creditors (including the holders of the Notes) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège pursuant to 
article L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by 
consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Decision").  
In accordance with article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective 
Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10(h).  
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of 
Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court to 
appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat, except when the General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for 
a merger or demerger of the Issuer in the circumstances provided for under articles L.236-14 and 
L.236-23 of the French Commercial Code, in which case the decision will be taken by a simple 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 10(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented 
at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders 
at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General 
Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting 
on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the 
General Meeting on second convocation.

--- Page 84 ---
A51252112 
84 
 
(ii) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by a 
Written Decision.  
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding not less than 70 
per cent. In nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, without having to comply with formalities 
and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i). Notice seeking the approval of Noteholders by 
way of Written Decision will contain the conditions of form and time limits to be complied with 
by Noteholders who wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed resolution. 
Approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing 
the identification of Noteholders in accordance with article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial 
Code ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as 
a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written Decision may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more of such Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code 
The provisions of article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Commercial Code and the related 
provisions of the French Commercial Code shall not apply to the Notes.  
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative 
appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single 
Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions 
by the provisions of the French Commercial Code. 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the 
French Commercial Code. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall 
make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 13.

--- Page 85 ---
A51252112 
85 
 
(i) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
Condition 10 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
The second paragraph of Condition 10(d)(i) shall be deleted and replaced by the following 
paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General 
Meeting or represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Condition 10(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes. 
(iii) 
Except if the Final Terms specify “Issue outside France” as applicable, Condition 10(e) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(e) Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
By subscribing the Notes and solely in the context of a Benchmark Event which leads to the application 
of a Benchmark Amendment, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have agreed and approved any 
Benchmark Amendments or such other necessary changes pursuant to Condition (5)(c)(iii)(D). 
11 Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated 
Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case 
on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, 
for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer 
in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may 
require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
12 Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may, from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes, provided such Notes and the further 
notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for the principal amount thereof 
and the first payment of interest) and that the terms of such notes provide for such assimilation, and 
references in these Conditions to Notes shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 86 ---
A51252112 
86 
 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the Fiscal Agent, 
from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving 
not less than thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series 
denominated in Euro with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally 
issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of 
all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
13 Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or 
(ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general 
circulation within Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times), provided that, so long as such 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such 
Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published (x) in a daily financial newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, or (y) 
following articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation of the AMF, or (z) as otherwise required 
by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall 
be valid if published in a daily leading financial newspaper of general circulation within Europe (which 
is expected to be the Financial Times) or so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of that Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily 
financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to 
be Les Echos, or (y) following articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation of the AMF, or (z) as 
otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by 
Conditions 14(a), (b) and (d); provided that so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules applicable to that Regulated Market so require, notices shall 
also be published (x) in a daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is/are located, which, in 
the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, or (y) following articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
General Regulation of the AMF, or (z) as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated 
Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily 
financial newspaper with general circulation within Europe, provided that, so long as such Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as otherwise 
required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different

--- Page 87 ---
A51252112 
87 
 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation and decision(s) of the General Meetings or Written Decisions 
pursuant to Condition 10 and pursuant to articles R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the French Commercial 
Code shall be published (a) by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared, and, if such 
publication is not practicable in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), (b) 
by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing and 
(c) on the website of the Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 
13(a), (b), (c), (d) shall not apply to such notices. 
14 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and Talons) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may be brought before 
any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 88 ---
A51252112 
88 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, and will be delivered on or prior to the issue date 
of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and to Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate to 
a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge 
to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "Summary of the 
programme"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive 
Materialised Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect 
of such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that 
the certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant 
Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due 
thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, 
in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary 
Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest 
that have not already been paid in respect of the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive 
Materialised Notes will be securely printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange 
requirement.

--- Page 89 ---
A51252112 
89 
 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, 
the calendar day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the event 
any further Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are 
issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 12, the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
A51252112 
90 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A 
REGULATED MARKET OR REGULATED MARKETS AND/OR OFFERED ON A NON-EXEMPT 
BASIS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
[PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)/FSMA] and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[1[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]2 . Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
 
1 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
2A programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is 
deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full 
repayment of the amounts invested].”

--- Page 91 ---
A51252112 
91 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.3] 
4 [UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement 
entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market5] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
6[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred 
to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in 
[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER7 [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR8 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market 9 ] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
 
3 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients 
4 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
5  A programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is 
deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full 
repayment of the amounts invested].” 
6 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
7 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex. 
8 Include for certain ESMA complex notes. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are 
not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
9 A programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is 
deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with 
the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of 
the amounts invested]."

--- Page 92 ---
A51252112 
92 
 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]10].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPs – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(“UK MiFIR”); EITHER11 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR 12  [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. [Consider any negative target market13] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures Act (Capital Market Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products).]14 
 
 
 
 
10 If the Notes constitute “complex” products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
11 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
12 Include for certain ESMA complex notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
13 A programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is 
deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full 
repayment of the amounts invested]". 
14 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of 
the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 93 ---
A51252112 
93 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH (the “Issuer”) 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 969500D5PFMTWUYSUF61 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
[The following language applies only where a Non-exempt Offer is contemplated.] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which the Issuer or any Dealer does not have to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to 
article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in those Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 2), provided that such 
person is an Authorised Offeror (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 2) and that such offer is made during 
the Offer Period (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 2). 
Regarding any subsequent resale or final placing of the Notes as specified in paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus (as defined below), as completed by these Final Terms (as defined 
below) (together the "Prospectus") and assumes responsibility thereto. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.]

--- Page 94 ---
A51252112 
94 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 October 2023 which received approval No. 23-441 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 20 October 2023 [and the supplement dated [●] which 
received approval No. [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented], 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus, [the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) 
La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com). [In addition15 , the Base Prospectus, [the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions which are the 
[2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 
20 October 2023 which received approval No. 23-441 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") 
on 20 October 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement dated [●] which received approval No. [●] from the 
AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein (the 
"Notes") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the 
[2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] Conditions, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus 
and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH 
(www.labanquepostale.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). [In addition16, the Base Prospectus and 
these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following language applies in case of an offer of Notes initiated under the Base Prospectus that shall be 
continued beyond the validity of such Base Prospectus] 
The Base Prospectus, under which the Notes described in these Final Terms have been offered, [expires/will be 
updated] on [[●] 2024/[●]] [and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus will be immediately updated 
thereafter]. From this point in time, these Final Terms shall be read in conjunction with the updated base 
prospectus of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the conditions contained in such updated base 
prospectus) and any reference in these Final Terms to "Base Prospectus" shall be read as a reference to that 
updated base prospectus. Such updated base prospectus will be available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com).] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
 
15 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.  
16 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 95 ---
A51252112 
95 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer:  
LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series: 
 
 
[The Notes will, upon listing, be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the (insert 
description of the relevant Series) (the "Existing 
Notes") on [●]/Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 17  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[date] provided a Maturity Extension Trigger Event 
occurs (as specified in Condition 6(a) /Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR or €STR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Redemption: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date [or the Extended Maturity Date, as the 
 
17 [Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum 
denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).]

--- Page 96 ---
A51252112 
96 
 
case may be] at [[100 per cent.] / [[●] per cent.]] of 
their Specified Denomination] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate]/[Applicable – 
Fixed/Fixed Rate]/[Applicable – Floating/Floating 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
"Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions", 
"Fixed/Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions" 
or 
"Floating/Floating Rate Note Provisions")] 
13. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified below) 
14. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
Decision 
of 
the 
Directeur 
Général/Directeur 
Général Délégué of the Issuer dated [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the 
end of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date 
(If the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] 
the Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each [year/month] up to and including the 
Maturity Date (also specify the Interest Payment 
Dates if the item 9 above (Extended Maturity Date) 
is applicable) 
 
 
[NB: this will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination

--- Page 97 ---
A51252112 
97 
 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[V] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in 
/ on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 
365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 
F / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 
30E/360-ISDA] 
 
(vi) Interest Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon.) 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the 
end of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date 
(If the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] 
the Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date].) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) 
below (also specify the Specified Interest Payment 
Dates if the item 9 above (Extended Maturity Date) 
is applicable) 
 
(iii) First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[Specified Interest Payment Date/[●] (specify)] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following

--- Page 98 ---
A51252112 
98 
 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[FBF Determination/ ISDA Determination/ Screen 
Rate Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR or €STR] and 
months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
 
FBF Definitions (if different from those 
set out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR or €STR and 
months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
A51252112 
99 
 
 
Relevant Rate: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR or €STR] and 
months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long 
or short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
[Relevant Time: 
[●]](In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Reference Banks (if applicable): 
[Specify four(4)/Not Applicable] (In the case of 
€STR, delete this paragraph) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOROl, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
 
[Designated Maturity18: 
[●]] 
 
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
FBF / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 
365 (Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 
F / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 
30E/360-ISDA] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note, Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Note, Floating/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding the Switch Date 
(excluded) (If the Switch Date falls on 
 
 
 
 
18 Applicable only where the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is EUR CFMS.

--- Page 100 ---
A51252112 
100 
 
an Interest Payment Date)] / [preceding 
the Interest Period including the Switch 
Date / up to the end of the Interest 
Period including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these 
Final Terms. 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [following the Switch Date 
(included) (If the Switch Date falls on an 
Interest Payment Date)] / [from the 
Interest Period including the Switch 
Date / following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the Switch 
Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these 
Final Terms. 
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest:)[Not Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount: [●] 
Y= [●] per cent. 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[●] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount:

--- Page 101 ---
A51252112 
101 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for illegality 
(Condition 6(g)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Condition 6(g) applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/ 
Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether bearer 
form (au porteur)/administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré)/fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] 
(Note that a Registration Agent can be appointed in 
relation to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form only.) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on 
the Exchange Date, being forty (40) calendar days 
after the Issue Date (subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate)] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment 
dates for the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
 
[Not Applicable/Specify any other applicable 
Financial Centre].  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount to which sub- 
paragraph 16(vi) relates) 
23. 
Payment on non-Business Days: 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
25. 
Redenomination and provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1(d) 
apply] 
26. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 12(b) 
apply] 
27. 
Masse (Condition 10): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[As per Condition 10/[●] (Insert name and address 
of the Representative)] 
 
(ii) Alternate Representative: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (Insert name and address of the 
alternate Representative)]

--- Page 102 ---
A51252112 
102 
 
 
(iii) Remuneration of the Representative: 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●].] 
 
(iv) Sole Noteholder: 
[As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
and unless a Representative has been appointed in 
relation to such Series, such Noteholder will exercise 
all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the 
Masse by the provisions of the French Commercial 
Code, as supplemented by the Conditions. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken 
in this capacity and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the 
Notes of such Series. A Representative shall be 
appointed when the Notes of a Series are held by 
more than one Noteholder/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Issue outside France: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL 
28. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the rate 
of [●] per cent. producing a sum of: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [Euronext Paris 
/other (specify)] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]19 
 
Signed on behalf of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH:  
By:  
Duly authorised 
 
19 Include if the third-party information is provided.

--- Page 103 ---
A51252112 
103 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
 Listing(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(ii)  (a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] / (specify relevant regulated 
market) with effect from [•].] / [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] / (specify relevant regulated market) with 
effect from [●].] / [Not Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] issue 
date.] 
(Where documenting an interchangeable (fungible,) 
issue need to indicate that original Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge 
of the Issuer, securities of the same 
class of the Notes to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
(iii)  Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
(iv)  Additional publication of Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms: 
 
[●] (See paragraph 14 of the section entitled 
"General Information" of the Base Prospectus which 
provides that the Base Prospectus and Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Autorité des 
marchés financiers so long as the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market. 
Please provide for additional methods of publication 
in respect of an admission to trading on a Regulated 
Market other than Euronext Paris.) 
2. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Offer Period (including any possible 
amendments): 
 
[specify] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 104 ---
A51252112 
104 
 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Obligations 
de Financement de l'Habitat: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Category of potential investors to whom 
the Notes are offered and whether 
tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Prospectus 
during the Offer Period: 
 
[Not Applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to 
act 
as Authorised 
Offeror(s)/ Any 
financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
below in item "Conditions attached to the consent of 
the Issuer to use the Prospectus"] 
 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
 
 
[Not Applicable / Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to use 
the Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to 
or any condition replacing those set out on pages 34 
and 35 of the Base Prospectus or indicate "See 
conditions set out in the Base Prospectus". Where 
Authorised Offeror(s) have been designated herein, 
specify any condition]

--- Page 105 ---
A51252112 
105 
 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes [have been rated]/[are 
expected to be rated] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited]: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited/[●]] [is not 
established in the [European Union]][is established in 
the [European Union] and is registered under 
European Regulation 1060/2009/EC of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and is included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation][is 
registered 
under 
the 
European 
Regulation 1060/2009/EC of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “EUWA”)].  
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not 
registered under Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating[s] of the 
Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] 
[is/are] endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK 
CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the 
rating[s] issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
4. 
[NOTIFICATION 
 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation 
[has been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is 
contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent 
issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States] with [a] certificate[s]

--- Page 106 ---
A51252112 
106 
 
of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [has/have] been drawn up 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
5. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a 
certificate relating to the borrowing Programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case of issue of 
Notes equals or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate 
relating to such an issue. 
6. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
Include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This requirement may be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: "[Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"]/Save for 
any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Notes, so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has a material interest to the Issue. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business." 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
[Reasons for the offer: 
 
[[●]*/ [See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus] / [The Notes constitute [“Green 
Notes”]/[“Social Notes”]/[“Sustainability Notes”] 
and the net proceeds or an equivalent amount will be 
used to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] 
one or more Eligible [Green]/[Social] Loans 
dedicated 
to 
the 
financing 
of 
the 
Eligible 
[Green]/[Social] Loan categories as defined in the 
Framework for issuing green, social and sustainable 
bonds.] 
[Describe specific projects or activities included in 
the Eligible Loan Portfolio and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party 
opinions and/or where the information can be 
obtained, etc.]] 
*(If reasons for offer different from those stated in 
"Use of Proceeds" and in particular if the Notes are 
subscribed by the Issuer as collateral for credit 
operations of the Banque de France will need to 
include those reasons here.)  
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.)

--- Page 107 ---
A51252112 
107 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[●] / Not Applicable [Include breakdown of 
expenses.]  
8. 
YIELD – FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY 
 
[Not Applicable] (Include where the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes)  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the issue date. 
Yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to [tax free French 
government bonds (obligations assimilables du 
trésor) (OAT)) of an equivalent duration]/ [●]. 
9. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
(i) 
Details of performance rates:  
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/€STR] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance]. 
(ii) Benchmarks:  
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [specify the applicable benchmark] 
which is provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 dated 
8 June 2016, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"Benchmarks 
Regulation") [and on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”)]. [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such 
that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, 
endorsement 
or 
equivalence).]] 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code:  
[●] 
 
Depositaries: 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary:  
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
S.A.: 
 
 
Bank [Yes/No]

--- Page 108 ---
A51252112 
108 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):  
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es) and provide any other appropriate 
information] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of Paying Agents: 
BNP Paribas  
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 
29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]  
11. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
the 
coordinator(s) of the global offer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) If 
syndicated, 
date 
of 
the 
Subscription Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/specify date] 
 
(iv) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) Total commissions and concession: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(vii) U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Regulation S Compliance/Category 1] 
[C Rules apply/ D Rules apply/ TEFRA not 
Applicable] 
(TEFRA Rules are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes) 
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors20: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
on the cover page of the Final Terms should be 
 
20 The expression "Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 109 ---
A51252112 
109 
 
included. For the purpose of the above, a “packaged” 
product shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” which means in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor 
is subject to fluctuations because of exposure to 
reference values or to the performance of one or more 
assets which are not directly purchased by the retail 
investor.) 
 
(ix) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors21: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
“Applicable” should be specified and the legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
on the cover page of the Final Terms should be 
included. 
 
 
 
 
21 The expression “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) EUWA a retail client as defined as defined in 
point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA ; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 110 ---
A51252112 
110 
 
[ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
[Insert the issue specific summary]

--- Page 111 ---
A51252112 
111 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EUR100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANOTHER CURRENCY) 
TO BE LISTED AND ADMITTED TO TRADING ON AN EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA OR UK 
REGULATED MARKET 
[PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as 
amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) 
of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[UK PRIIPs REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)/FSMA] and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
1[2MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market3 ] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
 
1Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023. 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
3 A programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is 
deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full 
repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 112 ---
A51252112 
112 
 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
4 [ 5 UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market6] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures Act (Capital Market Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets 
products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products).]7 
 
 
 
 
4 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
5  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
6  A programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is 
deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible 
with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full 
repayment of the amounts invested]" 
7 
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 113 ---
A51252112 
113 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH (the “Issuer”) 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 969500D5PFMTWUYSUF61 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 114 ---
A51252112 
114 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 20 October 2023 which received approval No. 23-441 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 20 October 2023 [and the supplement dated [●] which 
received approval No. [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus, [the supplement to the Base Prospectus] 
and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) 
La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com). [In addition8 , the Base Prospectus, [the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions which are the 
[2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 20 
October 2023 which received approval No. 23-441 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 
20 October 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement dated [●] which received approval No. [●] from the AMF 
on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein (the 
"Notes") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the 
[2018/2019/2020/2021] Conditions, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus and 
these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH 
(www.labanquepostale.com) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). [In addition9, the Base Prospectus and 
these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
[The following language applies in case of an offer of Notes initiated under the Base Prospectus that shall be 
continued beyond the validity of such Base Prospectus] 
The Base Prospectus, under which the Notes described in these Final Terms have been offered, [expires/will be 
updated] on [[●] 2024/[●]] [and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus will be immediately updated 
thereafter]. From this point in time, these Final Terms shall be read in conjunction with the updated base 
prospectus of the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the conditions contained in such updated base 
prospectus) and any reference in these Final Terms to "Base Prospectus" shall be read as a reference to that 
updated base prospectus. Such updated base prospectus will be available for viewing on the websites of (a) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com) [and 
during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent(s) where copies may be obtained].] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
 
8 
If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
9 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 115 ---
A51252112 
115 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series: 
 
 
[The Notes will, upon listing, be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the (insert 
description of the relevant Series) (the "Existing 
Notes") on [●]/Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
(Not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in other 
currency at the Issue Date when the Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation)10 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] 
9. 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[[date] provided a Maturity Extension Trigger Event 
occurs (as specified in Condition 6(a) /Not Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR or €STR] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
10 [Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum 
denomination of Sterling 100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).]

--- Page 116 ---
A51252112 
116 
 
11. 
Redemption: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date [or the Extended Maturity Date, as the 
case may be] at [[100 per cent.] / [[●] per cent.]] of 
their Specified Denomination] 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate]/[Applicable – 
Fixed/Fixed Rate]/[Applicable – Floating/Floating 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Note Provisions", "Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions" or "Floating/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions")] 
13. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(further particulars specified below) 
14. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
Decision of the Directeur Général/Directeur Général 
Délégué of the Issuer dated [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date 
(If the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment 
Date) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date]) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each [year/month] up to and including the 
Maturity Date (also specify the Interest Payment Dates 
if the item 9 above (Extended Maturity Date) is 
applicable)

--- Page 117 ---
A51252112 
117 
 
 
 
[NB: this will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [●] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[V] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in / 
on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 365 
(Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-
FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-
ISDA] 
 
(vi) Interest Determination Dates: 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or 
Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.) 
16. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding/following/preceding and following] the 
Switch Date (If the Switch Date falls on an Interest 
Payment Date) / Applicable to the Interest Periods 
[preceding the Interest Period including / up to the end 
of the Interest Period including / from the Interest 
Period including / following the Interest Period 
including / preceding and following] the Switch Date 
(If the Switch Date does not fall on an Interest Payment 
Date) / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(If applicable to Interest Periods preceding and 
following the Switch Date with different Rates of 
Interest consider the following sub-paragraphs only 
for the Interest Periods preceding [and including] the 
Switch Date and replicate the following sub-
paragraphs for the Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date [and including the Interest Period 
Including the Switch Date].) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below 
(also specify the Specified Interest Payment Dates if 
the item 9 above (Extended Maturity Date) is 
applicable) 
 
(iii) First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●]

--- Page 118 ---
A51252112 
118 
 
 
(iv) Interest Period Date: 
[Specified Interest Payment Date/[●] (specify)] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
[Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:  
 
[FBF Determination/ ISDA Determination/ Screen 
Rate Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[●] 
 
(ix) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR or €STR] and 
months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
 
 
[●] 
 
FBF Definitions (if different from 
those set out in the Conditions): 
 
[●] 
 
(x) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR or €STR and 
months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Rate: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR or €STR] and 
months, if any [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])

--- Page 119 ---
A51252112 
119 
 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination.) 
 
[Relevant Time: 
[●]](In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
 
Reference Banks (if applicable): 
[Specify four(4)/Not Applicable] (In the case of €STR, 
delete this paragraph) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOROl, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
 
[Designated Maturity11: 
[●]] 
 
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
 
(only applicable in the case of €STR)  
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual-ISDA / Act/Act / 
Act/Act-ISDA / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ Actual/Actual-ICMA / Act/Act-ICMA / Actual 365 
(Fixed) / Act/365 (Fixed) / A/365 (Fixed) / A/365 F / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-
FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 30E/360-
ISDA] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Note, Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Note, Floating/Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [preceding the Switch Date 
(excluded) (If the Switch Date falls on 
an Interest Payment Date)] / [preceding 
the Interest Period including the Switch 
Date / up to the end of the Interest 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 Applicable only where the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is EUR CFMS.

--- Page 120 ---
A51252112 
120 
 
Period including the Switch Date (If the 
Switch Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms. 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods [following the Switch Date 
(included) (If the Switch Date falls on an 
Interest Payment Date)] / [from the 
Interest Period including the Switch 
Date / following the Interest Period 
including the Switch Date (If the Switch 
Date does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date)]: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms. 
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest:)[Not Applicable]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
 
 
 
Optional Redemption Amount: [●]  
Y= [●] per cent. 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
[●] 
19. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per Note [of [●] Specified Denomination] 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
illegality 
(Condition 6(g)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Condition 6(g) applies]

--- Page 121 ---
A51252112 
121 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/ 
Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable specify whether bearer 
form (au porteur)/ administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré)/ fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and address] 
(Note that a Registration Agent can be appointed in 
relation to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered 
form only) 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on the 
Exchange Date, being forty (40) calendar days after the 
Issue Date (subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate)] 
22. 
Financial Centre(s) relating to payment 
dates for the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
 
[Not 
Applicable/Specify 
any 
other 
applicable 
Financial Centre].  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount to which sub- 
paragraph 16(vi) relates) 
23. 
Payment on non-Business Days: 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following] 
24. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Materialised Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
25. 
Redenomination and provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1(d) 
apply] 
26. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 12(b) 
apply] 
27. 
Masse (Condition 10): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[[●] 
(Insert 
name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
Representative)/No Representative has been appointed 
in relation to the Notes as at the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) Alternate Representative: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (Insert name and address of the 
alternate Representative)] 
 
(iii) Remuneration of the Representative: 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]] 
 
(iv) Sole Noteholder: 
[As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
and unless a Representative has been appointed in 
relation to such Series, such Noteholder will exercise

--- Page 122 ---
A51252112 
122 
 
all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the 
Masse by the provisions of the French Commercial 
Code, as supplemented by the Conditions. The Issuer 
shall hold a register of the decisions it will have taken 
in this capacity and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of all or part of the 
Notes of such Series. A Representative shall be 
appointed when the Notes of a Series are held by more 
than one Noteholder/Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Issue outside France: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL 
28. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into Euro at the rate 
of [●] per cent. producing a sum of: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on [Euronext Paris / 
other (specify)] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 35,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third-party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]12 
 
Signed on behalf of La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH: 
By:  
Duly authorised 
 
12 Include if the third-party information is provided.

--- Page 123 ---
A51252112 
123 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
 Listing(s): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
(ii)  (a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] / 
(specify relevant regulated market) with effect from [●].] / 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] / (specify relevant regulated market) with effect from 
[●].] / [Not Applicable] 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
listed as from [its/their respective] issue date.] 
(Where documenting an interchangeable (fungible,) issue 
need to indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(b) Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent 
markets on which, to the knowledge of 
the Issuer, securities of the same class of 
the Notes to be admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
(iii)  Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes [have been rated]/[are expected 
to be rated]: 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited]: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited /[●]] [is not established 
in the [European Union]][is established in the [European 
Union]] and [is registered under European Regulation 
1060/2009/EC of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation][is registered under the European Regulation 
1060/2009/EC of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”)].

--- Page 124 ---
A51252112 
124 
 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered 
under Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). The rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert 
name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is/are] endorsed by [insert 
name of relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As 
such, the rating[s] issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.) 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
 
The AMF, which is the French competent authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation [has been 
requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent 
authorities of host Member States] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [and 
the Supplement[s]] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a certificate 
relating to the borrowing Programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case of issue of Notes equals or 
exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate relating to such an issue. 
5. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
Include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. This requirement may be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: "[Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale"]/Save for any fees payable to the 
[Managers/Dealers] in connection with the Issue of the Notes, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has a material interest to the Issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business." 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
(a) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[[●]*/ [See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus] 
/ 
[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[“Green 
Notes”]/[“Social Notes”]/[“Sustainability Notes”] and 
the net proceeds or an equivalent amount will be used to 
finance and/or refinance [in whole or in part] one or more 
Eligible [Green]/[Social] Loans dedicated to the 
financing of the Eligible [Green]/[Social] Loan 
categories as defined in the Framework for issuing green,

--- Page 125 ---
A51252112 
125 
 
social and sustainable bonds.] 
[Describe specific projects or activities included in the 
Eligible Loan Portfolio and/or availability of Second 
Party Opinion and any relevant third-party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained, etc.]] 
*(If reasons for offer different from those stated in "Use 
of Proceeds" and in particular if the Notes are 
subscribed by the Issuer as collateral for credit 
operations of the Banque de France will need to include 
those reasons here.) 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
7. 
YIELD – FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY 
 
[Not Applicable] (Include where the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes)  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the issue date. 
8. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATES  
(i) 
Performance of rates:  
 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/€STR] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters/give details of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance]. 
(ii) Benchmarks:  
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [specify the applicable benchmark] which is 
provided by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 dated 
8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation") 
[and on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”)]. [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation 
or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code:  
[●] 
 
Depositaries:

--- Page 126 ---
A51252112 
126 
 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
 
Bank [Yes/No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and address(es) 
and provide any other appropriate information] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Name and address of Paying Agents: 
BNP Paribas  
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[●]  
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Regulation S Compliance/Category 1] 
[C Rules apply/ D Rules apply/ TEFRA not Applicable] 
(TEFRA Rules are not applicable to Dematerialised Notes) 
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should 
be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, a 
“packaged” product shall designate a “packaged retail 
investment product” which means in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which are 
not directly purchased by the retail investor.) 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may

--- Page 127 ---
A51252112 
127 
 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should 
be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors” on the cover page of the Final Terms 
should be included.)

--- Page 128 ---
A51252112 
128 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a summary limited to certain French tax considerations relating to the payments made in 
respect of the Notes that may be issued under the Programme and specifically contains information on taxes on 
the income from the securities withheld at source. This summary is based on the laws in force in France as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and as applied by the tax authorities as at the date hereof, all of which are 
subject to changes or to different interpretation, potentially with a retroactive effect. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own 
or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as 
to the tax consequences of any investment in or ownership and disposal of the Notes in light of its particular 
circumstances. 
1 
French taxation 
Withholding Tax 
The following is an overview of certain tax considerations that may be relevant to Noteholders who do not 
concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Payments of interest and other revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be subject to the 
withholding tax set out under article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts (the "French General 
Tax Code") unless such payments are made outside France to persons domiciled or established in a non- 
cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of article 238-0 A of the 
French General Tax Code (a "Non-Cooperative State") other than those of 2° of 2 bis of article 238-0 A of the 
French General tax Code, or paid in a bank account opened in a financial institution located in a Non-
Cooperative State, other than those of 2° of 2 bis of article 238-0 A of the French General tax Code. If such 
payments under the Notes are made in a Non-Cooperative State other than those of 2° of 2 bis of article 238-
0 A of the French General tax Code, a 75% withholding tax will be applicable (subject (where relevant) to 
exceptions certain of which are summarised below and to the more favourable provisions of any applicable 
double tax treaty) pursuant to article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code. The list of Non-Cooperative 
States is published by a ministerial executive order, which is updated in principle at least once a year.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, article 125 A III of the French General Tax Code provides that the 75% 
withholding tax will not apply in respect of a particular issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the principal 
purpose and effect of such issue of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues 
to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the "Exception"). Pursuant to the official regulation published by the 
French tax authorities (Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques) under the references BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 
dated 14 June 2022, Section No. 150, BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40 dated 20 December 2019, and BOI-IR-
DOMIC-10-20-20-60 dated 20 December 2019, Section No. 10, an issue of Notes will benefit from the 
Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of the issue of Notes if such 
Notes are: 
i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of article L.411-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State or territory other than a Non-Cooperative 
State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission 
of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; or 
ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or on a French or foreign multilateral securities trading 
system provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the 
operation of such market is carried out by a market operator, an investment services provider, or by a 
similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity 
is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; or

--- Page 129 ---
A51252112 
129 
 
iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery 
and payment systems operator within the meaning of article L.561-2 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such 
depositaries or operators are not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Furthermore, pursuant to article 238 A of the French General Tax Code, interest and other revenues paid by or 
on behalf of the Issuer with respect to such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income, if 
they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to a bank 
account opened in a financial institution located in such a Non-Cooperative State (the “Deductibility 
Exclusion”). Under certain conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be 
recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to article 109 et seq. of the French General Tax Code, in 
which case such non-deductible interest and other revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under 
article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code, at a rate of (i) 12.8% for payments benefiting individuals who 
are not fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, (ii) 25% for payments benefiting legal persons 
which are not fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, or (iii) 75% for payments made in a Non-
Cooperative State other than those of 2° of 2 bis of article 238-0 A of the French General tax Code, subject in 
any case to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the relevant interest or other revenues relate to genuine transactions 
and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, neither the Deductibility Exclusion, nor the withholding tax 
set out in article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code that may be levied as a result of such Deductibility 
Exclusion will apply in respect of the issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the principal purpose and effect 
of such issue of Notes were not that of allowing the payments of interest or other revenues to be made in a Non-
Cooperative State. Pursuant to the official regulation published by the French tax authorities (Bulletin Officiel 
des Finances Publiques – Impôts – BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 6 June 2023, Section No. 290), neither the 
Deductibility Exclusion nor the withholding tax of article 119 bis 2 of the French General Tax Code will apply 
to an issue of Notes without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of the issue of the 
Notes, if such Notes qualify to one of the three above-mentioned classifications. 
Payments made to French resident individuals  
Pursuant to articles 125 A of the French General Tax Code, where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is 
established in France, and subject to certain limited exceptions, interest and other assimilated revenues received 
by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8% withholding 
tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year during which the payment 
has been paid. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding tax 
at an aggregate rate of 17.2% on interest and other assimilated revenues paid to individuals who are fiscally 
domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France. 
2 
United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA 
provisions, a "foreign financial institution" may, interalia, be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including France) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the

--- Page 130 ---
A51252112 
130 
 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
the Notes.

--- Page 131 ---
A51252112 
131 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 20 
October 2023 between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers, as amended from time to time 
(the "Dealer Agreement"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the 
Issuer will have the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as 
agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by such Dealer. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with 
the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
for Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the Dealer Agreement and the Dealers in particular following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will, to the best of its 
knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
European Economic Area and United Kingdom 
Please note that, in relation to EEA Member State and the United Kingdom, additional selling restrictions may 
apply, including those set out in relation to France and to the UK in this section. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and

--- Page 132 ---
A51252112 
132 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Public offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of the Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”).

--- Page 133 ---
A51252112 
133 
 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of UK Prospectus Regulation, and  
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Public offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the 
expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any State or jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons 
except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S.

--- Page 134 ---
A51252112 
134 
 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to US tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except 
in certain transactions permitted by US tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the US Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, deliver any Notes within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, 
in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States is 
prohibited. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in 
force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.

--- Page 135 ---
A51252112 
135 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO 
and any rules made under the SFO or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, 
directly, or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly, or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for reoffering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
People’s Republic of China  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, any of the Notes in the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau Special 
Administrative Regions and Taiwan) (the "PRC") except as permitted by applicable laws of the People’s 
Republic of China.. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to 
buy any securities in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public offering of any Notes 
or distribution of this Base Prospectus in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered or sold within 
the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in PRC, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws or regulations.

--- Page 136 ---
A51252112 
136 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(4) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or  
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 137 ---
A51252112 
137 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used 
below. 
(1) 
Application has been made for approval of this Base Prospectus to the AMF in France in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. And investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has received approval no. 23-441 from the AMF on 20 October 2023 and will be 
valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 20 October 2024 provided that it is completed by any 
supplement, pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including 
information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the 
Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no 
longer apply. Application will be made in certain circumstances to admit to trading the Notes on 
Euronext Paris and application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other 
Regulated Market in a EEA Member State. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
France in connection with the establishment of the Programme. 
Any issue of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations under French law, require the prior authorisation of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer. The board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer may 
delegate to any of its members and to any other person, the power to decide on the issue of such Notes 
within a period of one year. For this purpose, the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the 
Issuer has delegated on 16 December 2022 for a period beginning on 1 January 2023 and ending on 
31 December 2023 to its Chief Executive Officer (Directeur général) and to its Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer (Directeur Général Délégué), acting jointly or separately, the power to issue obligations de 
financement de l'habitat under the Programme, up to a maximum amount of €13,000,000,000.  
(3) 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be rated at issuance AAA by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (the "Rating Agency"). The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency without notice. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Rating Agency is established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or 
in the results of operations of the Issuer since 30 June 2023. 
(5) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.  
(6) 
The Issuer is not or has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a

--- Page 138 ---
A51252112 
138 
 
period covering the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.  
(7) 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are not entered into in 
the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the 
Notes being issued.  
(8) 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de 
la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, 
Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg). The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(9) 
Pursuant to articles L.513-12 and R.513-16, IV of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the Specific 
Controller certifies that the rule providing that the amount of eligible assets of the Issuer is greater than 
the amount of liabilities benefiting from the Privilège is satisfied on the basis of a quarterly borrowing 
programme and for any issue of Notes or debts benefiting from the Privilège in a principal amount equal 
to or above Euro 500 million or its equivalent in the currency of issue. 
(10) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (represented by Agnès Hussherr, 63 rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly sur 
Seine Cedex), KPMG S.A. (represented by Xavier de Coninck – Tour Eqho – 2, avenue Gambetta – CS 
60055 – 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex) and Mazars (represented by Charles de Boisriou, Tour Exaltis, 
61, rue Henri-Regnault, 92400 Courbevoie, France) are registered with the Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (National Association of Statutory Auditors) and subject to the authority of 
the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes (French High Council of Statutory Auditors). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and KPMG S.A. have audited and rendered an unqualified audit report 
on the non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 
and KPMG S.A. and Mazars have audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the non-
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022. KPMG 
S.A. and Mazars have reviewed and rendered an unqualified audit report on the non-consolidated 
interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six-month period ended 30 June 2023.  
(11) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Notes to be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the performance of the underlying 
collateral, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(12) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield of such Notes will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Fixed Rate Notes on the basis 
of the relevant Issue Price. 
(13) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot the Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) will undertake any stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of 
the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 139 ---
A51252112 
139 
 
(14) 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of 
(a) 
the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
(b) 
La 
Banque 
Postale 
Home 
Loan 
SFH 
(www.labanquepostale.com). The Final Terms related to Notes listed and/or traded on any Regulated 
Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH (www.labanquepostale.com). Furthermore, the 
complete list of the covered notes which have been issued by La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH is 
available on the ECBC website (www.coveredbondlabel.com).  
In addition, should the Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than 
Euronext Paris, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes 
will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website 
of (x) the Regulated Market where the Notes have been listed and/or admitted to trading or (y) the 
competent authority of the EEA Member State where the Notes have been listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
(15) 
Copies of the following documents will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.labanquepostale.com): 
(a) 
the by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer, the most recently published audited non-consolidated financial 
statements and interim financial statements of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred 
to in this Base Prospectus, including the certificate of the Specific Controller in respect of (i) each 
quarter relating to the borrowing programme for the relevant quarter and (ii) each issue of Notes 
in a principal amount equal to or above Euro 500 million or its equivalent in the currency of the 
relevant issue. 
The documents listed in (i) and (j) below will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.labanquepostale.com): 
(i) 
Final Terms relating to Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market; and 
(j) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further 
Base Prospectus. 
(16) 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
(17) 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register 
of administrators under article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
(18) 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 969500D5PFMTWUYSUF61.  
(19) 
The Issuer, the Dealers or their respective affiliates may from time to time advise the issuers or obligors 
in respect of reference assets regarding transactions to be entered into by them, or engage in transactions 
involving reference assets for their proprietary accounts and for other accounts under their management. 
Any such transaction may have a positive or negative effect on the value of such reference assets and 
therefore on the value of any Notes to which they relate. Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may 
arise both among the Issuer, the Dealers or their affiliates and between the interests of the Issuer, the 
Dealers or their affiliates and the interests of holders of Notes.

--- Page 140 ---
A51252112 
140 
 
Potential conflicts of interest may also arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche and the 
Noteholders, including with respect to certain discretionary determinations and judgments that such 
Calculation Agent may make, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, that may influence the amount 
receivable upon redemption of the Notes. 
(20) 
Estimates of the weighted average lives of the Notes contained in this Base Prospectus, together with 
any other projections, forecasts and estimates in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements. 
Such projections are speculative in nature and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions 
underlying the projections will not prove to be wholly correct or will vary from actual results. 
Consequently, the actual results might differ from the projections and such differences might be 
significant. 
(21) 
The website of the Issuer is www.labanquepostale.com. The information on such website does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 141 ---
A51252112 
141 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
I hereby certify that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is, to the 
best of my knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
 
Paris, 20 October 2023 
 
LA BANQUE POSTALE HOME LOAN SFH 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
 
Duly represented by Patrick Peaucelle 
in its capacity as Directeur Général of the Issuer 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 20 October 2023 is valid until 20 October 2024 and shall, within 
this period and pursuant to the conditions set by article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has the following approval number: 23-441.

--- Page 142 ---
A51252112 
142 
 
 
ISSUER 
La Banque Postale Home Loan SFH 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
ARRANGER 
Natixis 
 7, promenade Germaine Sablon  
75013 Paris 
France 
PERMANENT DEALERS 
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
Natixis 
 7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas 
 Les Grands Moulins de Pantin  
9 rue du Débarcadère 
 93500 Pantin 
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT FOR THE GERMAN LAW 
GOVERNED NOTES 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Stuttgart 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2,  
70173 Stuttgart,  
Germany 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
KPMG S.A. 
2, avenue Gambetta  
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Up to 31 May 2022:  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63 rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly sur Seine Cedex 
France 
As of 31 May 2022:  
Mazars  
 Tour Exaltis 
61 rue Henri-Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
Cailliau Dedouit & Associes 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER AND THE ARRANGER 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France