--- Page 1 ---
LA POSTE
Euro 15,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this document (the “Base Prospectus”), La Poste (the 
“Issuer” or “La Poste”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 15,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies).
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This Base Prospectus received the approval number 24-123 on 29 April 2024 from the Autorité des marchés financiers
(the “AMF”), supersedes and replaces the base prospectus dated 12 May 2023 and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date 
of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or to the 
competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission (a 
“Regulated Market”). However, Notes that are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the Programme.
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”), (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether 
or not such Notes will be admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA.
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”) as more fully 
described herein.
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other 
than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the Issue Date (as defined herein) in 
the books of Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders 
(as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV
(“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such 
latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in 
administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by 
the relevant Noteholders. Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary 
global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection 
with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where 
applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the Issue Date of the Notes 
(subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Bearer Notes”) upon certification as 
to non-US beneficial ownership as more fully described herein.
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on 
the Issue Date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared 
through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).
The long-term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and A+ with a negative
outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch and S&P is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes issued pursuant to 
the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
The Final Terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
2
The Base Prospectus, the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the 2022 Universal Registration Document, any supplement thereto and 
the Final Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.lapostegroupe.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and may be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours.
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, 
before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme.
Arranger
Deutsche Bank
Dealers
Barclays
Commerzbank
Deutsche Bank
ING 
Natixis
BNP PARIBAS 
Crédit Agricole CIB
HSBC
La Banque Postale
NatWest Markets
Société Générale
Corporate & Investment Banking
The date of this Base Prospectus is 29 April 2024

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to 
time (each a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving 
information with regard to the Issuer, the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates (filiales 
consolidées et participations consolidées) taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance 
and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto 
published from time to time and with any other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” below), each of which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the 
“Prospectus”.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the 
Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the 
Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same.
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is 
fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with 
all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the 
Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above.
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for 
the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for 
compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to 
it.The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of 
the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 
2023 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)

--- Page 4 ---
4
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID 
II in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY

--- Page 5 ---
5
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX 
LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM, 
DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT). FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN 
RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE
PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”.
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, 
potential investors are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s 
country of incorporation) might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential 
investors cannot rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask for their 
own tax adviser’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal 
and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation 
of the potential investor. This investment consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation 
sections of this Base Prospectus.
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such 
tax is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or 
any similar tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity 
of the market for the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the FTT.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed in the section “Risk factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time.
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes 
or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required 
other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented 
that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restriction.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, 
express or implied, and accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any 
of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial 
statements or any other information incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any 
credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or 
any other information incorporated by reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser 
of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the

--- Page 6 ---
6
Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the 
Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger.
In relation to Themed Notes (as defined in the Risk Factors section of the Base Prospectus, in the risk 
factor entitled “The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds”), neither the Arranger nor any 
Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of such Themed Notes to fulfil green, social or 
sustainability criteria required by prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for eligible green projects, 
eligible social projects or eligible sustainability projects, any verification of whether such Themed Notes 
meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Themed Notes, or the allocation 
of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) by the Issuer to particular eligible green 
projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainability projects. Each prospective investor of the 
Themed Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Themed 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Investors should refer to the 
Issuer's website, the Issuer’s relevant Sustainable Finance Framework to be published on the Issuer’s 
website on or before the issue of any Themed Notes, the second party opinion delivered in respect 
thereof, if any, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the 
proceeds of any issue of Themed Notes for further information. Any such Sustainable Finance 
Framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus and no assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealers or the Arranger 
as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Issuer’s relevant Sustainable Finance 
Framework, of such Sustainable Finance Framework to be published on the Issuer’s website on or 
before the issue of any Themed Notes, of public reporting, if any, or on any Themed Notes. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or the 
Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Themed Notes and would only be current as of the date it is 
released. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the 
Themed Notes issued under the Programme. Moreover, if the Themed Notes were listed or admitted to 
trading on a specific segment of any stock exchange for Themed Notes, or included in an index or indices, 
neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the satisfaction of such Themed Notes 
to fulfil the criteria of such specific segments, index or indices, and, if the Themed Notes were listed or 
admitted to trading, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, 
will be maintained during the life of the Themed Notes.
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, 
“Euro”, “EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the 
European Union which was introduced on 1st January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, 
“GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom references to “$”, “USD” and 
“U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, 
“Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “Swiss francs” are to 
the lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 7 ---
7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME............................................................................8
RISK FACTORS.....................................................................................................................................16
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..........................................................................28
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................36
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES....................................................................................37
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER 
NOTES ...................................................................................................................................................80
USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................81
DESCRIPTION OF LA POSTE .............................................................................................................82
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................83
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE................................................................................................................85
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................89
GENERAL INFORMATION................................................................................................................107
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......110

--- Page 8 ---
8
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus.
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
any implementing regulation thereof.
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in the relevant Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme.
Issuer:
La Poste.
Risk factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under the heading “Risks relating to the Group and the Issuer” in the 
section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. In addition, there 
are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These 
are set out under the heading “Risks relating to the Notes” in the section 
headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus.
Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”):
9695000YG7TR7PAP0L59
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of Notes 
(the “Programme”).
Arranger:
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Dealers:
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
BNP Paribas
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
HSBC Continental Europe
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch
La Banque Postale
Natixis
NatWest Markets N.V.
Société Générale
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the 
persons listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are

--- Page 9 ---
9
appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to 
all Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of 
one or more Tranches. The identity of the Dealer(s) in respect of a 
specific Tranche will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.
Programme Limit:
Up to Euro 15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time (the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be 
increased, as provided in the amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 29 April 2024 between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the 
Arranger.
Fiscal Agent and Paying 
Agent:
BNP Paribas 
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more Issue 
Dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may 
be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue 
Dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
principal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final terms (the 
“Final Terms”).
Maturities:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
any maturity from one (1) month from the date of original issue.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Sterling and in any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).
Specified Denomination(s):
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency).
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended
(“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies).

--- Page 10 ---
10
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination 
only.
Status of the Notes:
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by French law) equally with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge:
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative 
Pledge”.
Event of Default
(including cross default):
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the Notes 
as set out in Condition 9 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes -
Events of Default”.
Redemption Amount:
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount which, unless 
otherwise provided, should be its nominal amount. Unless permitted by 
then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated 
in Sterling) having a maturity of less than one (1) year from their date of 
issue and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders.
Early Redemption:
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-whole 
Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up 
Call Option”, “Redemption at the Option of the Issuer” below, Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax 
reasons (as provided in Condition 6(h)) or illegality (as provided in 
Condition 6(k)). See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Redemption, 
Purchase and Options”.
Make-whole Redemption 
by the Issuer:
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or 
in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (but 
no later than the Call Option Date if Residual Maturity Call Option is
applicable) at their Make-whole Redemption Amount. The Make-whole 
Redemption Amount will be an amount in the Specified Currency being 
the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (not 
including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted from the remaining 
term of such Note (being the Call Option Date, if Residual Maturity Call 
Option is applicable) to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on

--- Page 11 ---
11
an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a Redemption Margin (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, 
any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole
Redemption Date.
Residual Maturity Call 
Option:
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of 
Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole but 
not in part, at par together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, 
the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Call Option Date, 
which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before the Maturity Date 
of the Notes.
Clean-Up Call Option:
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that at least 80% of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed 
by the Issuer, the Issuer may have the option to redeem, in whole but not 
in part, the Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer:
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may 
redeem, in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part, 
the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be. Any 
such redemption (i) must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in 
the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) may 
be made at its Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Taxation:
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law.
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to 
withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, 
to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts 
as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
subject to certain exceptions. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”.
Interest Periods and Rates
of Interest:
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate.

--- Page 12 ---
12
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be 
constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate 
of interest be less than zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits 
the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
pursuant to the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments, or
(ii)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or
any successor) on its website, or
(iii)
by reference to EURIBOR or €STR or, any successor rate or any 
alternative rate, in each case as adjusted for any applicable 
margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate, the relevant 
Reference Rate or the relevant Floating Rate Option, as the case may be.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be 
less than zero.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on the Switch 
Date (i) may be converted at the option of the Issuer from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate (or vice versa), or (ii) will be automatically converted 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate (or vice versa).
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest.
Benchmark 
Discontinuation:
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to 
the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or an

--- Page 13 ---
13
Alternative Rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such 
Series of Notes and the potential application of an adjustment spread) as 
provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation).
Redenomination:
Notes denominated in the currency of a country that subsequently 
participates in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary 
Union may be subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or 
consolidation with other Notes denominated in euro, all as more fully 
provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, 
Title and Redenomination” below.
Consolidation:
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as 
more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further 
Issues and Consolidation”.
Form of Notes:
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised 
Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”).
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, either in fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination”.
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form (“Materialised 
Bearer Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued 
initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.
Governing Law:
French law.
Jurisdiction
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or 
Talons may be brought before any competent court located within the 
jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) or any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s) in 
relation to Materialised Notes.
Representation of 
Noteholders: 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in each case in
a masse (the “Masse”)
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et 
seq. of the French Code de commerce, with the exception of Article 
L.228-65 I. 1° and 3°, L.228-71, R.228-69, L.236-14 and L.236-23 of 
the French Code de commerce and the related provisions of the French 
Code de commerce and subject to the provisions set out in the Conditions 
of the Notes.
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through collective

--- Page 14 ---
14
decisions of the Noteholders. The names and addresses of the 
Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche 
of any Series of the Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse
of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes:
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the application 
form, as the case may be, relating to such Tranche shall be deposited 
with Euroclear France as central depositary.
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes:
On or before the Issue Date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of such delivery 
has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer(s).
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
Listing and admission to 
Trading:
Listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris or other Regulated 
Markets as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of 
Notes may not be admitted to trading or may be unlisted. 
No non-exempt offer to the 
public:
The Notes shall not be offered to the public in France and/or in any 
Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom through a non-
exempt offer (i.e. other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation).
Method of Publication of 
this Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms:
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms 
related to the Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the 
EEA will be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org)
and on the website of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance) and 
copies may be obtained on request without charge at the registered office 
of the Issuer. The Final Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus 
may be obtained. 
Rating: 
The long-term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a stable 
outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and A+ with a 
negative outlook by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Each 
of Fitch and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch and S&P is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with such regulation. Notes 
issued pursuant to the Programme may be unrated or rated differently 
from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will

--- Page 15 ---
15
specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the distribution 
of offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”)) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms 
states that such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules 
in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or (ii) such Materialised 
Notes are issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or 
the TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not 
constitute “registration required obligations” under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which 
circumstances will be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a 
transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
16
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or the Group and/or the Notes and material for an 
informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent 
the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer 
to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons 
and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are 
exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base
Prospectus (including the relevant sections of any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own 
analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. In each sub-
category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence.
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.
I
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP AND THE ISSUER
The risk factors relating to the Group are set out in particular in pages 100 to 113 of the French language 
Document d’enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2023 which was filed 
with the AMF under number D.24-0235 on 4 April 2024. Such pages are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, as set out in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus.
The main risks facing the Group and influencing its economic health and capacity to meet its strategic 
objectives are updated annually.
These major risks are identified and assessed as part of a process involving all levels of the Group (Executive 
Management, business units, subsidiaries and branches) and coordinated by the Group’s Risk Department. 
The risk mapping and management plans resulting from this process are presented to the Executive Committee 
and then presented to the Audit Committee.
The 2023 Universal Registration Document details the risk factors specific to the Group that are considered 
to have a significant net impact and to be likely to influence investment decisions. In terms of methodology, 
only the risk factors specific to the Group and whose net impact is the most significant have been selected. 
The net impact takes into account all the risk mitigation measures implemented by the Group. This work was 
carried out on the basis of a review of the Group’s mapping of major risks.
The risk factors are divided into four categories:
-
the first category comprises upstream risk factors external to the Group. These factors are related to 
the Group’s economic, financial and geopolitical environment and pose a threat to the achievement 
of the Group’s strategic objectives, as well as to its purpose (raison d’être), its corporate purpose, its

--- Page 17 ---
17
status as a mission-led company (entreprise à mission)1 and its public service missions. These 
external risk factors influence La Poste’s strategy;
-
the second category covers risk factors related to the transformation of the Group’s business model, 
the implementation of its growth drivers and the incorporation of stakeholder expectations. These 
risks concern both the transformation of the Group’s historical business activities and the growth 
areas to be developed;
-
the third category presents risks related to non-compliance with laws and regulations. These risks are 
often common to all group entities and mainly concern matters related to banking compliance and 
compliance with ethics regulations, anti-corruption, personal data protection, compliance with 
competition law, anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism (AML-CFT), the 
management of embargoes, exclusion lists and international sanctions, and compliance with duty of 
care requirements. Their aggregation and/or intensity make them significant at Group level;
-
the fourth category covers cross-business risks. These mainly include issues related to personal health 
and safety, cybercrime, and disruption of business operations in the event of a major crisis.
II
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES
A.
RISKS APPLICABLE TO ALL SERIES OF NOTES
French Insolvency Law
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its registered office in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent 
that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as 
amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge 
of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by Ordonnance 2021-
1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 October 2021, amends French 
insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency 
proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, "affected parties" (including notably creditors, and therefore the 
Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose 
of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or 
interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders 
will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no 
longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders 
will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote 
may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down.
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of Noteholders described in Condition 
11 will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions 
that apply in these circumstances.
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would 
have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any 
decision taken by a class of affected parties, could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and 
1 Within the meaning of French law 2019-486 of 22 May 2019, known as the “PACTE” law

--- Page 18 ---
18
cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts 
due to them from the Issuer.
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and waivers
Condition 11 contains provisions for collective decisions to consider matters affecting their interest generally 
to be adopted either through a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following a written 
consultation (the “Written Resolution”). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the 
Written Resolution and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective decisions
deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the 
limitation provided by French law and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If a decision is adopted by a 
majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this may 
have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their investment.
In addition, Condition 11 provides that the provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 3° of the French Code de 
commerce, respectively providing for a prior approval by the General Meeting of the Noteholders (i) of any 
proposal to change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer or (ii) of any proposal to merge or demerge the 
Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce, shall not 
apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders will not have to be 
obtained on any such matters and no early redemption of any Note by the Issuer shall be requested by the 
Noteholders in respect of such modification, which may affect their interests generally. 
The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
issue “green bonds” (“Green Notes”) “social bonds” (“Social Notes”) or “sustainability bonds”
(“Sustainability Notes”, together with the Green Notes and the Social Notes, the “Themed Notes”) and apply 
an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of Notes to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, new or existing projects included in any Eligible Projects which are further described in the 
Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) available on the 
Issuer’s website, as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment,
adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the “Taxonomy Regulation”), as supplemented by 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 (as amended) and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486, established
a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a 
common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable
and technical screening criteria for determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing 
substantially to one of the six environmental objectives of the Taxonomy Regulation, without such economic 
activity causing any significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives. Based on the Issuer’s own 
analysis, and at the date of the Framework, seven out of the eleven economic activities included in the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Finance Framework are aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation, as confirmed by Sustainalytics in 
the second party opinion dated 5 April 2022 (the “Second Party Opinion”). The Second Party Opinion
confirmed the alignment of the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework with the Green Bond Principles (the
“GBP”), the Social Bond Principles (the “SBP”) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the “SBG”), each 
published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2021 edition.
Besides, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on 
European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for 
sustainability-linked bonds was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 30 November 
2023. The regulation, which entered into force on 20 December 2023 will apply from 21 December 2024. It

--- Page 19 ---
19
introduces a voluntary label (the “European Green Bond Standard”) for issuers of green use of proceeds 
bonds where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the Taxonomy Regulation. Any 
Themed Notes issued under this Programme will not be issued according to such European Green Bond 
Standard. They are intended to only comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Issuer’s Sustainable 
Finance 
Framework
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.groupelaposte.com/en/financial-debt). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the impact that the European 
Green Bond Standard could have on green bonds (such as Themed Notes) that do not comply with this standard 
is not clear, but it could result in a reduced demand from investors for such green bonds, as well as a decrease 
in their market value or their liquidity.
For reasons beyond the Issuer’s control, a project included in the Eligible Projects may not satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any or all investor expectations regarding 
such “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any project included 
in the Eligible Projects. The expectations of investors may also change over time and may affect the 
attractiveness and competitiveness of the Themed Notes for investors. This may affect the price, the value 
and/or the liquidity of the Themed Notes.While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal or 
equivalent to the net proceeds of any Themed Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Issuer’s 
Sustainable Finance Framework as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms, the project included in 
the Eligible Projects might, for reasons beyond the Issuer’s control, not be capable of being implemented in 
or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for the Eligible Projects. The Eligible Projects might, for reasons 
beyond the Issuer’s control, not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment, social or sustainability aspect) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under 
the Themed Notes and will not give rise to a claim by the investors against the Issuer and the Dealers. 
Moreover, the allocation reporting will be available to investors solely once per year and will only produce 
the total amount allocated to the various categories of projects included in the Eligible Projects. Thus, investors 
will not have exhaustive visibility on the projects included in the Eligible Projects. Any failure to use an 
amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds from such Notes on projects included in the Eligible Projects
or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally, socially or sustainably 
focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the value of the Notes and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social and/or sustainable assets and 
consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected.
Potential Conflicts of Interest
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent and their respective affiliates 
(including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial 
banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in 
relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may, in the ordinary course of their 
business, (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include 
prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters 
in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as financial 
advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such 
Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, they 
have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Hence, the Dealers for a Tranche 
of Notes may have interests differing from the Noteholder’s interests with respect to the implementation of an 
issue of Notes.

--- Page 20 ---
20
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may 
hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments
which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.
Each of the Issuer and the Dealers may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the 
Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In particular, 
whilst a calculation agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term 
and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.
Credit Risk
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves taking 
credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit-worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or 
part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment.
B.
RISKS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES
1. Early redemption risks 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a make-whole 
call option as provided in Condition 6(b), a residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 6(c), a 
Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d), or a call option as provided in Condition 6(e). In 
particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 80% of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the 
Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect 
of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus 
potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested.
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
further to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(h) and/or in case of 
illegality as described in Condition 6(k).
Furthermore, the exercise of the make-whole call option by the Issuer, pursuant to Condition 6(b), may be 
subject to certain refinancing conditions referred to in the notice published by the Issuer in connection thereto.

--- Page 21 ---
21
An optional redemption feature of Notes may have a significant impact on their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon 
redemption may be significantly lower than expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. In addition, the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by the Noteholders. These could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders, who may lose 
all or a substantial part of the capital invested in the Notes.
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing the 
Notes and could have significant financial impact on the Noteholders.
The Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer, the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and the 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders are exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such 
options by the Issuer or the Noteholders, as the case may be, in respect of certain Notes may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised
The Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b), the Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer provided in Condition 6(e) and the Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders provided in Condition 
6(f) are exercisable in whole or in part.
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Dematerialised Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected 
by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed).
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment.
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders
In accordance with Condition 6(f), the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early 
redemption at the option of the Noteholders. Exercise of a Put Option in respect of certain Notes may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised.
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option 
is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in turn adversely impact those Noteholders from a financial 
point of view.
2. Interest rate risks
Fixed Rate Notes
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears or in advance on each Interest 
Payment Date.
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. In particular, a Noteholder, 
which pays interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that the market value of such Note could fall as a 
result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes is fixed

--- Page 22 ---
22
during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets (“market interest rate”) 
typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes 
would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market 
interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the market interest 
rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to 
dispose of such Notes.
Floating Rate Notes
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) 
which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next 
periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed 
Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed 
Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice 
versa). Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant 
margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than 
the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. As a result, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their interests may be 
significantly negatively altered. This volatility is increased if Floating Rate Notes include a rate multiplier.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that (i) may be 
converted at the option of the Issuer from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate 
or (ii) will be automatically converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate 
on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. The conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest 
return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes. If the rate is converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than 
then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes and any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating Rate 
Notes”.
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. The market values of the Zero 
Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal

--- Page 23 ---
23
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in 
similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial 
discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their investments than 
the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may 
adversely affect the value of the Notes.
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks” 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, the Rate of Interest 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect 
on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”.
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EEA. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, which seek to mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a 
“benchmark”, in particular:
-
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity in certain ways 
if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the 
administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not 
apply; and 
-
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirement of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income 
than would have been the case without such change.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”.
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.

--- Page 24 ---
24
If a benchmark becomes discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked 
to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Notes - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks"" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the 
Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination 
applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate 
is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending 
or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate 
which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 
2021 (the “Amending Regulation”) which applies as from 13 February 2021.
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain Benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial 
instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain 
either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed 
unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks 
Regulation). In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks have been further 
extended until the end of 2025 by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2222 of 14 July 2023. These 
provisions could have a significant negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes 
issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)E (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including 
if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR but shall exclude €STR), and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent 
or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark 
under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes), with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread (which, if applied, could be positive or 
negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the 
Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, including where no Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of

--- Page 25 ---
25
Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In all these circumstances other fallback rules 
might apply if the benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period to be used for the following Interest Accrual Period(s), as set out in 
the risk factor above entitled “Reform and regulation of “benchmarks””. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from 
unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any 
increase in rates. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as a 
result, Noteholders may lose part of their investment.
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected commercial consequences and might not be favourable to each Noteholder. 
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes
or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(IV) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows Notes referencing the Euro short 
term rate (“€STR”) to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, 
as reference rate in the capital markets for euro bonds, and its adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that 
reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. 
The ongoing development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. The €STR might be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders.
Any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the Terms and 
Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be determined 
using the alternative methods described in Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such 
methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR reference rate had been provided by the 
European Central Bank in its current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may 
entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt securities.

--- Page 26 ---
26
C.
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES
Liquidity risks/Trading Market for the Notes
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the 
complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of 
such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any 
redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments linked to the reference rates and the 
level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the 
Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore 
may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities.
Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, application to admission 
to trading will be subject to compliance with Euronext listing requirements. If an active market for the Notes
does not develop or is not sustained, the market price or the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will 
enable investors to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency in accordance with Condition 
5. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities 
with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable 
on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes, all of which could have a 
significant adverse effect on the return on the investment of the investors.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors whose financial activities are carried 
out or dependent principally in a currency other than euro may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the perspective of 
a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. At the
date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a stable outlook by 
Fitch and A+ with a negative outlook by S&P, as described in the section “General Description of the 
Programme”. The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings might not continue for any period of time and 
might be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes in 
or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant.

--- Page 27 ---
27
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect the 
market value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-
solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings might differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the Issuer.
Market Value of the Notes
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, the 
market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term debt credit ratings are A+ with a stable outlook by Fitch and A+ 
with a negative outlook by S&P. However, if the creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, this could have a 
significant adverse impact on the Noteholders and as a result the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of 
its payment obligations under the Notes and the value of the Notes may decrease. 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political 
events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which 
a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, 
from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case 
would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 28 ---
28
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the table 
below included in the following documents (see hyperlinks in pink below):
a.
the Document d’enregistrement universel of the Issuer (in French language2) which was filed with 
the AMF under number D.24-0235 on 4 April 2024 including the consolidated audited financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the related notes 
thereto prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by
the European Union and the statutory auditors’ audit report thereon, the non-consolidated audited 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the related 
notes thereto prepared in accordance with French accounting principles and the statutory auditors’ 
audit report thereon (the “2023 Universal Registration Document”);
b.
the Document d’enregistrement universel of the Issuer (in French language3) which was filed with 
the AMF under number D.23-0139 on 23 March 2023 including the consolidated audited financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the related notes 
thereto prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by
the European Union and the statutory auditors’ audit report thereon, the non-consolidated audited 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the related 
notes thereto prepared in accordance with French accounting principles and the statutory auditors’ 
audit report thereon (the “2022 Universal Registration Document”);
c.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 12 May 
2023 which received approval no. 23-155 on 12 May 2023 from the AMF (the “2023 EMTN 
Conditions”);
d.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 May 
2022 which received approval no. 22-165 on 19 May 2022 from the AMF (the “2022 EMTN 
Conditions”);
e.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 31 May 
2021 which received approval no. 21-192 on 31 May 2021 from the AMF (the “2021 EMTN
Conditions”);
f.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 July 
2020 which received approval no. 20-365 on 20 July 2020 from the AMF (the “2020 EMTN 
Conditions”);
g.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 1 July 
2019 which received visa no. 19-306 on 1 July 2019 from the AMF (the “2019 EMTN 
Conditions”);
2 The free English language translation of the 2023 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website 
of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/en/finance). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version. For ease of reference, the page numbering 
of the free English language translation of the document incorporated by reference is identical to the French version.
3 The free English language translation of the 2022 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website 
of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/en/finance). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version. For ease of reference, the page numbering 
of the free English language translation of the document incorporated by reference is identical to the French version.

--- Page 29 ---
29
h.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 May 
2018 which received visa no. 18-212 on 30 May 2018 from the AMF (the “2018 EMTN 
Conditions”);
i.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 2
April 2015 which received visa no. 15-139 on 2 April 2015 from the AMF (the “2015 EMTN
Conditions”); and
j.
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 18
October 2012 which received visa no. 12-505 on 18 October 2012 from the AMF (the “2012 
EMTN Conditions” and together with the the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the 2021 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2022 EMTN Conditions and the 2023 EMTN Conditions, the “Previous EMTN 
Conditions”). The Previous EMTN Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base
Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form 
a single series with Notes already issued with the Previous EMTN Conditions.
The sections referred to in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in a section which is deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the 
extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so 
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
Copies of the 2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2023 Universal Registration Document which
contain the sections incorporated by reference are published and available on the website of the Issuer 
(https://www.lapostegroupe.com/en/investors/regulated-information) and may be obtained without charge 
from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. The 2022 Universal Registration
Document and 2023 Universal Registration Document are also available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org).
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested 
to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the “Commission Delegated Regulation”) is referred 
to in the cross-reference tables below. “Not Applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that the 
information is not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated Regulation.
Any information not listed in the following cross-reference table but included in the documents listed above 
is given for information purposes only.
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list 
above, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference 
herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has 
not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 30 ---
30
Cross–reference table 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number)
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document (page 
number)
3.
RISK FACTORS
3.1 A description of the material risks that are specific to the 
Issuer and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the securities, in a limited number of 
categories, in a section headed “Risk Factors”.
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of 
the Issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on 
a regulated market, taking into account the negative impact of 
the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of 
the registration document.
Not Applicable
100 to 113
4.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER
4.1
History and development of the Issuer
4.1.1
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer;
Not Applicable 
463
4.1.2
The place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number 
and legal entity identifier (“LEI”);
Not Applicable 
463
4.1.3
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer, 
except where the period is indefinite;
Not Applicable 
463
4.1.4
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address and the telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered office)
and website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does not form part of the prospectus 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus;
Not Applicable 
463
4.1.5
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a 
material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency;
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
5.
BUSINESS OVERVIEW
5.1
Principal activities
5.1.1
A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities stating the 
main categories of products sold and/or services performed.
Not Applicable 
2 to 3; 8; 41 to 98
5.1.2
The basis for any statements made by the Issuer on its 
competitive position.
Not Applicable 
41 to 91
6.
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE
6.1
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and 
the Issuer’s position within the group;
This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure.
Not Applicable 
42 to 43
6.2
If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, 
this must be clearly stated together with an explanation of this 
dependence.
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable

--- Page 31 ---
31
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number)
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document (page 
number)
7.
TREND INFORMATION
7.1
A description of: 
(a)
any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since the date of its last published audited financial 
statements;
(b)
any significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published to the date of the 
registration document.
If neither of the above are applicable, then the Issuer should 
include (an) appropriate negative statement(s).
Not Applicable
150
8.
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES
8.1
Where an Issuer includes on a voluntary basis a profit forecast or 
a profit estimate, that profit forecast or estimate shall be clear and 
unambiguous and contain a statement setting out the principal 
assumptions upon which the Issuer has based its forecast or 
estimate. The forecast or estimate shall comply with the 
following principles:
(a)
there must be a clear distinction between assumptions 
about factors which the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies can influence and 
assumptions about factors which are exclusively outside 
the influence of the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies;
(b)
the 
assumptions 
must 
be 
reasonable, 
readily 
understandable by investors, specific and precise and not 
relate to the general accuracy of the estimates underlying 
the forecast; and
(c)
in the case of a forecast, the assumptions shall draw the 
investor’s attention to those uncertain factors which 
could materially change the outcome of the forecast.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
8.2
The prospectus shall include a statement that the profit forecast 
or estimate has been compiled and prepared on a basis which is 
both:
(a)
comparable with the historical financial information; 
(b)
consistent with the Issuer’s accounting policies.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable

--- Page 32 ---
32
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number)
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document (page 
number)
9.
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES
9.1
Names, business addresses and functions in the Issuer of the 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies, and an indication of the principal activities performed by 
them outside the Issuer where these are significant with respect 
to the Issuer:
(a)
members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; and
(b)
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital.
Not Applicable 
32 to 33; 221 to 246
9.2
Administrative, 
management 
and 
supervisory 
bodies 
conflicts of interests.
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer, 
of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests 
and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that there 
are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made.
Not Applicable 
242
10.
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
10.1
To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether the Issuer is 
directly or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and describe the measures in 
place to ensure that such control is not abused.
Not Applicable 
4; 43; 462
10.2
A description of any arrangements, known to the Issuer, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in 
control of the Issuer.
Not Applicable 
462
11.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION, AND PROFITS AND LOSSES
11.1
Historical financial information
11.1.1
Historical financial information covering the latest two financial 
years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as the Issuer has 
been in operation and the audit report in respect of each year.
Consolidated financial 
statements: 232 to 403
Parent company 
financial statements: 
404 to 444
Consolidated financial 
statements: 254 to 419
Parent company 
financial statements: 
420 to 457
11.1.2
Change of accounting reference date
If the Issuer has changed its accounting reference date during the 
period for which historical financial information is required, the 
audited historical financial information shall cover at least 24 
months, or the entire period for which the Issuer has been in 
operation, whichever is shorter.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
11.1.3
Accounting Standards
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. If Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial statements 
must be prepared according to:
243 to 245
264 to 268

--- Page 33 ---
33
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number)
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document (page 
number)
(a)
a Member State’s national accounting standards for 
issuers from the EEA as required by Directive 
2013/34/EU
(b)
a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent 
to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third country 
issuers.
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document:
(a)
a prominent statement that the financial information 
included in the registration document has not been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and that there may be 
material differences in the financial information had 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the 
historical financial information;
(b)
immediately 
following 
the 
historical 
financial 
information a narrative description of the differences 
between Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the 
Union and the accounting principles adopted by the Issuer 
in preparing its annual financial statements.
11.1.4
Where the audited financial information is prepared according to 
national accounting standards, the financial information must 
include at least the following:
(a)
the balance sheet;
(b)
the income statement;
(c)
cash flow statements
(d)
the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
404 to 440
405 to 406
404
407
408 to 440
420 to 453
421 to 422
420
423
429 to 452
11.1.5
Consolidated financial statements
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document:
232 to 397
254 to 412
(a)
the balance sheet;
234 to 235
256 to 257
(b)
the income statement;
(c)
consolidated comprehensive income statement
(d)
changes in consolidated equity
(e)
consolidated cash flow statement
232
233
236 to 237
238 to 239
254
255
258 to 259
260
261 to 412
(f)
the accounting policies and explanatory notes.
240 to 397

--- Page 34 ---
34
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number)
2023 Universal 
Registration 
Document (page 
number)
11.1.6
Age of financial information
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date of the 
registration document.
Not Applicable
31.12.2023
11.2
Auditing of Historical financial information
11.2.1
The 
historical
annual
financial 
information 
must 
be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be prepared in 
accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 
537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 
do not apply, the historical financial information must be audited 
or reported on as to whether or not, for the purposes of the 
registration document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance 
with auditing standards applicable in a Member State or an 
equivalent standard. Otherwise, the following information must 
be included in the registration document: 
(a)
a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied; 
(b)
an explanation of any significant departures from 
International Standards on Auditing.
11.2.1a Where audit reports on the historical financial information have 
been refused by the statutory auditors or where they contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter 
must be reproduced in full.
Statutory auditors’ 
report on the 
consolidated financial 
statements: 398 to 403
Statutory auditors’ 
report on the parent 
company financial 
statements: 441 to 444
Not Applicable
Statutory auditors’ 
report on the 
consolidated financial 
statements: 413 to 419
Statutory auditors’ 
report on the parent 
company financial 
statements: 454 to 457
413; 454
11.2.2
Indication of other information in the registration document 
which has been audited by the auditors.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
11.2.3
Where financial information in the registration document is not 
extracted from the Issuer’s audited financial statements state the 
source of the data and state that the data is not audited.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
11.3
Legal and arbitration proceedings
11.3.1
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period 
covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, or have 
had in the recent past significant effects on the Issuer and/or 
group’s financial position or profitability, or provide an 
appropriate negative statement.
Not Applicable
121

--- Page 35 ---
35
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2023 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 12 May 2023
Pages 34 to 75
2022 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 19 May 2022
Pages 37 to 75
2021 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 31 May 2021
Pages 36 to 74
2020 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 20 July 2020
Pages 47 to 81
2019 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 1 July 2019
Pages 32 to 66
2018 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus
dated 30 May 2018
Pages 26 to 54
2017 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus
dated 3 April 2017
Pages 25 to 54
2015 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 2 April 2015
Pages 27 to 56
2012 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 18 October 2012
Pages 22 to 49
The 2012 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the 2021 EMTN Conditions and the 
2022 EMTN Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 
2012 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions, the 2021 EMTN Conditions, the 2022 
EMTN Conditions, or the 2023 EMTN Conditions. 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 18 October 2012, 2 April 2015, 3 April 
2017, 30 May 2018, 1 July 2019, 20 July 2020, 31 May 2021, 19 May 2022 and 12 May 2023 are not relevant 
for investors.

--- Page 36 ---
36
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or
material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the purpose of 
allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the Group, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the 
issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent listing and admission to trading on a regulated market, submit such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus or replacement Base Prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each 
Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement to the Base Prospectus
or replacement Base Prospectus as may reasonably be requested.

--- Page 37 ---
37
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions 
of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the
deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued by La Poste (the “Issuer” or “La Poste”). An amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 29 April 2024 has been agreed between the Issuer, BNP Paribas as fiscal agent and the other agents 
named in it (the “Agency Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively 
as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
“Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”.
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market 
situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended.
1
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination
(a)
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”).
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with 
Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by 
book-entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised 
Notes.
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
SA (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit 
the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, 
in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder either in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books 
of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed 
in an account maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated 
in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration 
Agent”).
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance 
with French laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
38
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on 
behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”). 
(ii)
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons 
(the “Coupons”) (and, where appropriate, a talon (the “Talon”)) attached, 
save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and 
Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in 
materialised form must be issued outside the French territory.
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier.
(b)
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require 
the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). Dematerialised 
Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only.
(c)
Title:
(i)
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of 
such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent.
(ii)
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where 
appropriate, Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes”), shall pass by delivery.
(iii)
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed 
to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in 
it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the holder.
(iv)
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or 
“Noteholder” means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the 
Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such

--- Page 39 ---
39
Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Note and the Coupons or Talon relating to it, and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final 
Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes.
(d)
Redenomination: 
(i)
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest 
Payment Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or 
Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 and on or after the date on which the European Member State 
in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either 
case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described 
below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be 
referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”.
(ii)
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made 
by converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national 
currency into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable 
regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest euro 
0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the 
figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using 
the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate shall be rounded 
down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations of the Notes so determined 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any 
balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than 
euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 
euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment 
will be payable in euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified 
to Noteholders by the Issuer.
(iii)
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms 
to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro.
(iv)
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions 
to these Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any 
change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest 
accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect 
of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions

--- Page 40 ---
40
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.
(v)
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any 
Note, Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any 
currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith.
(e)
Method of Issue
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), 
the Notes of each Series being intended to be fungible with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (except the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche), which will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.
2
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes
(a)
Dematerialised Notes
(i)
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré).
(ii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted into Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur).
(iii)
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, 
at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of 
any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder.
(b)
Materialised Notes
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination.
3
Status of the Notes
The Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French 
law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 41 ---
41
4
Negative Pledge
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remains 
outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest upon any of its respective assets 
or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or any 
guarantee or indemnity of any Relevant Indebtedness unless at the same time or prior thereto 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and Coupons are equally and rateably secured 
therewith or benefit from a guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto.
For the purposes of this Condition “outstanding” means in relation to the Notes of any 
Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with 
these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such 
redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, to the account of the Noteholder and (iii) in the case of Materialised Bearer 
Notes, to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment against presentation and 
surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which 
have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which 
have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as provided in these Conditions, 
(e) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer 
Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, 
(ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised 
Bearer Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Materialised Bearer Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global 
Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions.
For the purposes of this Condition “Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future 
indebtedness in the form represented by notes or other securities which are for the time being, 
or are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-
counter-market or other securities market.
5
Interest and other Calculations
(a) Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following 
defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the 
FBF Definitions and in the ISDA Definitions have either been used or reproduced in this 
Condition 5,
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended or supplemented as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms,
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as
published by the ISDA, as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the relevant Series, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 42 ---
42
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “T2 Business Day”); 
(ii)
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for currency; and/or
(iii)
in the case of a currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no 
currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified,
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding 
the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the 
“Calculation Period”):
(i)
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction 
whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the 
Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the 
non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose 
numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and 
whose denominator is 366;
(ii)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 
365);
(iii)
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which it falls, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, 
the sum of:
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of

--- Page 43 ---
43
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year,
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date.
(i)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;
(ii)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(iii)
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 
31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(i)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on 
a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 44 ---
44
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30,
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended, 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the 
“FBF Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series,
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date,
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be,
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms,
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) 
the day falling two (2) T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city 
specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro,
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms,
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date,
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 45 ---
45
“ISDA Definitions” means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (i) the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or (ii) the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, provided in each case 
that if the Calculation Agent determines that it is appropriate, ISDA Definitions will mean 
any successor definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, each as supplemented from time to time for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time, all as determined as of the date of the relevant determination,
“Margin” means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the 
applicable Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, it being specified 
that such margin can have a positive or a negative value or be equal to zero,
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant 
Final Terms,
“Rate Multiplier” means the relevant number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
as the case may be,
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by 
the Issuer, or an appointed agent on its behalf, or as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall 
be either EURIBOR or €STR, 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in 
respect of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the 
case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which 
notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation 
of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation,
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other 
page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or 
on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or 
organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate,
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, and
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor or replacement for that system.
(b) Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
or in advance as specified in the applicable Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date.
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in 
the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
46
(c) Interest on Floating Rate Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant 
Final Terms) on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean 
each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the 
relevant Final Terms as the Interest Accrual Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date.
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the 
month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below 
relating to either FBF Determination or ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(A)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” 
for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions and under which:

--- Page 47 ---
47
I.
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
II.
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable)” and “Transaction” have the meanings given to 
those terms in the FBF Definitions.
(B)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(a) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, and “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (B)(a), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under 
which:
I.
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
II.
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and
III.
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms 
in the 2006 ISDA Definitions.
If the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” in the relevant Final Terms 
provides that the rate of interest will be determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Interest Accrual Period will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) 
rates of interest based on the relevant Floating Rate, provided that 
the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately 
inferior to the duration of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and 
the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to 
the same relevant Interest Accrual Period.
(b) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the

--- Page 48 ---
48
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal 
to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (B)(b), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under 
which:
I.
the “Floating Rate Option” is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
II.
the “Designated Maturity” is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
III.
the relevant “Reset Date” is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms;
IV.
the relevant “Fixing Day” is the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions;
V.
the “Effective Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date; 
VI.
the “Termination Date” is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period;
VII.
the relevant “Calculation Period” is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions for which purpose references to 
“Effective Date” and “Period End Date” (in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) shall be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue 
Date and any last day of the last occurring Interest Accrual 
Period (as defined in these Conditions); and
VIII.
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
-
the relevant Reset Date is the last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms;
-
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable 
number of days is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in 
the Final Terms, five (5);
-
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms;

--- Page 49 ---
49
-
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the 
“Lookback” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in 
the Final Terms, the number specified as the 
“Lookback” for the relevant Floating Rate Option 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5);
-
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will 
be applicable if specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if so, Set in Advance will be applicable 
if specified as such in the Final Terms, 
“Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Day” is as specified in the Final Terms, and the 
“Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number 
specified as the “Observation Period Shift” for 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified 
for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and
-
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, 
“Lockout Period Business Day” is as specified in 
the Final Terms and the “Lockout” is either (x) as 
specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number is 
specified as such in the Final Terms, the number 
specified as the “Lockout” for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if 
no such number is specified for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, five (5).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise 
defined 
in 
such 
sub-paragraph, 
“Calculation 
Agent”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lockout”, 
“Compounding 
with 
Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, 
“Delayed Payment”, “Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, 
“Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Lockout Period 
Business Day”, “Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation Period 
Shift”, “OIS Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate 
Option”, “Period End Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in Advance” 
and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to

--- Page 50 ---
50
“Relevant Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
to be references to the ISDA Rate.
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
I.
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to 
be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below or (if applicable) subject to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, be either:
(i)
the offered quotation; or 
(ii)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
II.
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
I(i) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph I(ii) applies and 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified 
above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall 
request, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and
III.
if paragraph II above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at

--- Page 51 ---
51
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent 
it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, the Rate 
Multiplier or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period).
IV.
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:

--- Page 52 ---
52
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any 
particular T2 Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation 
Event (as defined below) has occurred, then the €STR for 
such T2 Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in 
respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank.
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any 
particular T2 Business Day and both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the ECB Recommended Rate.
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended 
before the end of the first T2 Business Day following the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then 
the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and 
both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will 
remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of the 
Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices).
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 53 ---
53
shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 
Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date 
than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR. 
For the purpose of this paragraph IV:
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period;
“do” is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period;
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement 
for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be 
produced by the European Central Bank or another 
administrator), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” 
means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer 
to the Calculation Agent:
1)
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or
2)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency 
or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB

--- Page 54 ---
54
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date” means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent;
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 
of the European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro 
short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from 
time to time;
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the 
rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of 
those countries that have adopted the Euro) as published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank;
“EDFR Spread” means:
1)
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before 
the end of the first T2 Business Day following the date 
on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the 
€STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) T2 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or
2)
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR 
for each of the 30 (thirty) T2 Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred;
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured 
overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator) and published on 
the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a 
revised euro short-term rate is published as provided in 
Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or 
before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest 
rate) on the T2 Business Day immediately following such 
T2 Business Day;

--- Page 55 ---
55
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day 
falling in the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR 
for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior 
to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”;
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events, as determined by the 
Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:
1)
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or
2)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
€STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to 
provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR;
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect 
of an €STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which 
€STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent;
“€STR Observation Period” means in respect of any 
Interest Accrual Period, the period from and including the 
date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first €STR 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date 
falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable);
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant T2 Business Day in chronological

--- Page 56 ---
56
order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the 
Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period;
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the 
EDFR plus the EDFR Spread;
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant T2 Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 Business
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of T2 Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-Back Period; and
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the 
website of the European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu
or 
any 
successor 
website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank.
(D)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final terms), the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time 
specified in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate, 
and (c) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity.

--- Page 57 ---
57
(E)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and 
Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest 
(or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall 
apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the following provisions 
shall not apply and shall not prevail over other fallbacks specified 
in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A), 5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not apply to €STR.
I.
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(II)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(III)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments 
(in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(IV)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible 
for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant
Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made 
by it pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E).
II.
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner that:
1.
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(IV)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)); or
2.
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(IV)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant

--- Page 58 ---
58
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)).
III.
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner (i) that an 
Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable).
IV.
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) and the Independent Adviser determines in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (A) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the 
definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or 
Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(V), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.
V.
Notices, etc.
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if 
any) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, 
promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition

--- Page 59 ---
59
5(c)(iii)(E). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any.
VI.
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in 
relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the 
immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback 
provisions relating to the Original Reference Rate specified 
in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the Rate of Interest 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date, will continue to apply to such determination.
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not 
obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), mutatis mutandis, 
on one or more occasions until a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has 
been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will continue to apply in accordance 
with their terms. This may result in the Rate of Interest for 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period being the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in question.
VII.
Definitions
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E):
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;

--- Page 60 ---
60
(b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of 
a Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), 
is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, 
as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or
(c)
if no such recommendation or option has been 
made (or made available), or the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such spread, 
formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good 
faith, determines to be appropriate.
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen 
rate which the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and which is 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes;
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate:
(a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published; 
(b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing 
the 
Original 
Reference 
Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor
administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (i);
(c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by 
the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (i);

--- Page 61 ---
61
(e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case within the following six months;
(f)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the 
opinion of the supervisor, is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or that its 
method of calculation has significantly changed;
(g)
it has or will prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
under 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended, if applicable); or
(h)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Benchmarks
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish 
such Original Reference Rate has been adopted.
Independent Adviser means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser 
of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(I);
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Notes;
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(a)
the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the

--- Page 62 ---
62
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (i) the central bank for the currency to 
which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof.
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a 
Benchmark Event, two or more successor or replacement 
rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those 
successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having 
regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant 
Notes and the nature of the Issuer.
(d) Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that, on 
the date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Switch Date”):
(i)
may be converted at the option of the Issuer from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate (or vice versa) (the “Issuer Change of Interest Basis”), it being 
specified that the Issuer Change of Interest Basis shall be deemed effective 
after notification by the Issuer to the Noteholders within the period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with Condition 14; or
(ii)
will be automatically converted from a fixed rate to a floating rate (or vice 
versa) (the “Automatic Change of Interest Basis”).
(e) Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of such 
Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a 
Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(g)(i)).
(f) Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case 
of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate 
of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 8).

--- Page 63 ---
63
(g) Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Rate Multiplier and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin and/or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either 
(x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an 
adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of 
Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin and/or multiplying the Rate of 
Interest by the Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph.
(ii)
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will 
the Rate of Interest be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 per 
cent. Whether or not a Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of 
interest (including for the avoidance of doubt, as adjusted with any 
applicable margin) be less than zero.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 
halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of 
such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which 
shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” means 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country(ies) of such currency. 
(h) Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption 
Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the

--- Page 64 ---
64
Paying Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated 
Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) 
Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period 
Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period. The determination of any rate or 
amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
Calculation Agent and Make-whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best 
efforts to procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or one Make-
whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for 
so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than 
one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period 
or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or 
investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation 
or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent 
or the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 14.
6
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount.
(b)
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to the satisfaction of any 
refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject (if any) and compliance 
by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with 
Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from 
time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (but no later than the Call Option Date if

--- Page 65 ---
65
Residual Maturity Call Option is applicable) (the “Make-whole Redemption 
Date”) at their Make-whole Redemption Amount. The Make-whole Redemption 
Amount will be calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent and will be an 
amount in the Specified Currency rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being 
rounded upwards) being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining 
scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (not including any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-whole 
Redemption Date) discounted from the remaining term of such Note (being the Call 
Option Date, if Residual Maturity Call Option is applicable) to the relevant Make-
whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate plus a 
Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) 
or (y) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole
Redemption Date.
The notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall be irrevocable unless 
it specifies the refinancing conditions to which the redemption is subject.
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or 
financial services institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing 
with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four quotations (eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations)) given by 
the Reference Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day in 
Paris preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European 
time (CET).
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen 
by the Make-whole Calculation Agent after prior consultation with the Issuer if 
practicable under the circumstances at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)) on 
the third (3rd) business day in London preceding the Make-whole Redemption Date, 
quoted in writing by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in 
accordance with Condition 14.
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or 
interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would 
be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes.
The Make-whole Redemption Amount and the Redemption Rate will be notified in 
accordance with Condition 14.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the 
making of each determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent

--- Page 66 ---
66
shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties.
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(e) shall 
apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(b).
The Make-whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as 
agent for the Issuer or the Noteholders.
(c)
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to 
the Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par (the “Optional 
Redemption Amount”) together with any interest accrued to, but excluding, the 
date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Call Option Date (included and as 
specified in the Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before 
the Maturity Date.
(d)
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 80% of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or 
redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not 
more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem, in whole but not in part, 
the remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together with 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
(e)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 14 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem, in whole or, if so provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part, the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, as the 
case may be. Any such redemption (i) must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at 
least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) may be made at its Optional 
Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of 
such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of 
prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and 
stock exchange requirements.

--- Page 67 ---
67
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be 
effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the 
nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount redeemed), subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated 
Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in 
each year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be 
published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of 
any other competent authority and/or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State 
where the Notes are admitted to trading a notice specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered.
(f)
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ 
Options: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at 
the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in 
the form obtained from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may 
be, within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes shall have 
attached to it such Note (together with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified office. In the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Exercise 
Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or 
transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(g)
Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and Make-whole 
Redemption Amount:
(i)
Zero Coupon Notes:
(A)
The Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or 
the Make-whole Redemption Amount, as the case may be, payable in 
respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such Note 
pursuant to Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(e), 6(f), 6(h) and 6(k) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be 
calculated as provided below.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Make-
whole Redemption Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final

--- Page 68 ---
68
Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Optional Redemption 
Amount, an Early Redemption Amount or a Make-whole Redemption 
Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted 
back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount 
or the Make-whole Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 
6(e), 6(f), 6(h) and 6(k) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Make-
whole Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Make-
whole Redemption Amount becomes due and payable were the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount,
the Early Redemption Amount or the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless 
the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case
the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, 
it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(ii)
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(k), or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount.
(h)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons:
(i)
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or 
interest due in respect of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 (b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at any time, (if this Note is not 
a Floating Rate Note) subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) 
nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem, in 
whole but not in part, the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be 
no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make

--- Page 69 ---
69
payment of principal and interest without withholding or deduction for 
French taxes.
(ii)
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes or Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to 
the Noteholders or, if applicable, the holders of Coupons (the 
“Couponholders”) of the full amounts then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in 
Condition 8 (b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven 
(7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem in whole, but not in part, the Notes then outstanding 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, 
provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date 
the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the 
later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make 
payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes or 
Coupons and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder 
shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if 
applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable 
thereafter.
(i)
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. 
Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant 
Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in 
accordance with French laws and regulations.
(j)
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation 
must be cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of 
Materialised Bearer Notes, by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and 
the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes in question together with all unmatured 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so 
transferred, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled 
forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to 
payment of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where 
applicable, transferred for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
(k)
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become

--- Page 70 ---
70
unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations 
under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) 
nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem in whole, but not in part,
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to 
the date set for redemption.
7
Payments and Talons
(a)
Dematerialised Notes:
Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or 
administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the 
relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders 
and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the Noteholders.
All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge 
of the Issuer in respect of such payments.
(b)
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of 
all payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, 
at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank. 
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2.
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised 
Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be 
made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such 
offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any 
adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice 
to Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No

--- Page 71 ---
71
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) 
act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any obligation 
or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the 
Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
(including Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, 
so long as the rules of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require), 
(v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent 
and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on 
which the Notes may be listed or admitted to trading.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in 
respect of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the 
circumstances described in paragraph (c) above.
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a 
view to consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be 
appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both 
such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which 
comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes), they should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) 
relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 10).

--- Page 72 ---
72
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, 
comprising a Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.
(iv)
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative 
unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption 
of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, 
and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the 
provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(v)
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due 
date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date 
for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may 
be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) 
of the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Bearer Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the 
relevant Materialised Bearer Notes.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of 
a Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming 
part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a 
further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10).
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is 
not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. In this paragraph, 
“business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as 
shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in 
the case of a payment in a currency other than euro), where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in euro), which is a T2 Business Day.
8
Taxation 
(a)
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear 
of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or

--- Page 73 ---
73
assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.
(b)
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, 
interest or other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be:
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of 
France other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant 
Date in the case of Materialised Notes: except to the extent that the 
Noteholder or, if applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment 
on or before the thirtieth (30th) such day.
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount 
of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment 
in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if 
earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment 
is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement 
to it and (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include (x) all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to 
it and (y) any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9
Events of Default
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11) may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer given on behalf of the Noteholders before all defaults shall have been 
remedied, cause the Notes to become immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes 
shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, plus any 
accrued interest, without any other formality, if any of the following events (each an “Event 
of Default”) shall occur:
(a)
the Issuer is in default for more than fifteen (15) calendar days for the payment of 
principal of, or interest on, any Note (including the payment of any additional

--- Page 74 ---
74
amounts in accordance with Condition 8), when the same shall become due and 
payable; or
(b)
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other 
obligations under the Notes and such default has not been cured within thirty (30) 
calendar days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the written notice
of such default; or
(c)
if any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed money or 
otherwise raised by the Issuer in excess of Euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) whether individually or in the aggregate shall become due and 
payable or capable of becoming due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a 
result of a default thereunder, or any such indebtedness shall not be paid when due 
or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period (as originally agreed) 
therefore or any steps shall have been taken to enforce any security in respect of any 
such indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer for, or in respect 
of, any indebtedness of any person shall not be honoured when due and called upon; 
or
(d)
if a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a 
judicial transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession totale ou partielle de 
l’entreprise) of the Issuer or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer 
is subject to any other insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or the Issuer makes any 
judicial conveyance, assignment, or other judicial arrangement for the benefit of its 
creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors; or
(e)
the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets or ceases 
or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially all of its business or an 
order is made or an effective resolution passed for its winding-up, dissolution or 
liquidation, unless (i) such winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or disposal is made 
in connection with a merger, consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or other 
form of combination (the “Restructuring”) with or to, any other corporation, (ii) 
the liabilities under the Notes are transferred to and assumed by such other 
corporation and (iii) the credit rating assigned by any Rating Agency to the long-
term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of such other corporation 
following the Restructuring is not less than the credit rating assigned by any such 
Rating Agency to the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the 
Issuer immediately prior to the effective date of such Restructuring.
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing 
requested from time to time by the Issuer to grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the Notes and 
in each case, any of their respective successors to the rating business thereof.
10
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them.

--- Page 75 ---
75
11
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in each case in a masse (the “Masse”). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce subject to the following provisions:
(i)
Legal Personality
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the 
“Collective Decision(s)”).
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.
(ii)
Representative
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of 
any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of 
the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed.
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the 
Issuer.
(iii)
Powers of the Representative
The Representative shall (in the absence any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests 
of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative.
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.
(iv)
Collective Decisions
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or 
by consent following a written consultation (the “Written Resolution”) (as further 
described in Condition 11(iv)(b) below). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the 
books of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case 
may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.

--- Page 76 ---
76
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 14.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
(a) General Meeting
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-
thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding, 
may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for convocation 
of the General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been called within 
two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of 
them to petition the competent court in Paris to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the 
principal amount of the relevant Notes then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General 
Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meetings or represented thereat.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14(e) not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation 
and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General 
Meeting on second convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, 
by proxy or by correspondence.
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or 
make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the 
reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which 
will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the 
General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the 
holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second 
convocation.
(b) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer 
shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval 
of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject 
to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and 
R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written 
Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing 
the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”).

--- Page 77 ---
77
Written Resolution shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits 
referred to in Condition 11(iv)(a) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for 
all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such Noteholders.
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders holding together 
at least 66.6 per cent. (2/3) of the principal amount of the relevant Notes 
outstanding. 
(c) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de 
commerce
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 3°, L.228-71, R.228-69, L.236-
14 and L.236-23 of the French Code de commerce and the related provisions 
of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.
(v)
Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, 
all administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly 
stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes.
(vi)
Single Masse
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series 
which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance 
with Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche 
of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series.
(vii)
Sole Noteholder
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provision of the 
French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the 
sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
(viii)
Notice to the Noteholders
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be 
given in accordance with Condition 14(e) below.
(ix)
Outstanding Notes
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include 
those Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that 
are held by it and not cancelled.

--- Page 78 ---
78
12
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of 
whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and 
costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further Coupons) and 
otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
13
Further Issues and Consolidation
(a)
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
Series with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all 
respects (or identical in all respects save for the Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of 
interest and the aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further 
notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly.
(b)
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld) of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents, from time to time on any Interest 
Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with 
the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of 
the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other Notes have been 
redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes.
14
Notices
(a)
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid 
if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed 
to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such 
Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, 
(b) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the 
rules of such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation 
in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
is located or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading.

--- Page 79 ---
79
(b)
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form 
(au porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Europe or (c) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated 
Market so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where 
the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located or (b) 
on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading.
(c)
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published 
more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice 
given to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition.
(d)
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or 
in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice 
to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice 
required by Conditions 14 (a) and (b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long 
as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 
221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long 
as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of 
such Regulated Market(s) so require, on the website of any other competent authority or 
Regulated Market where the Notes are admitted to trading, or (c) as otherwise provided in 
applicable laws, regulations or rules.
(e)
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-14 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are 
for the time being cleared and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their 
respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given notice on the 
fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Conditions 14 (a) to 14 (d) shall not apply to such notices.
15
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law.
(b)
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered 
office of the Issuer.

--- Page 80 ---
80
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES
Temporary Global Certificates
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid.
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear 
and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially 
deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with 
Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems.
Exchange
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below):
(i)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
“General Description - Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised 
Bearer Notes; and
(ii)
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA D rules, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes.
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for 
which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a 
Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal 
and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency 
Agreement.
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty 
(40) calendar days after its Issue Date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date shall be postponed to the day falling after 
the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
81
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be applied by the 
Issuer either:
-
to be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or
-
in the case of Themed Notes, in an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects included in any Eligible Projects, as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms and as further described in the Issuer’s Sustainable Finance Framework (as amended 
and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time) 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(www.groupelaposte.com/en/financial-debt) (the “Sustainable Finance Framework”) ; or 
-
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above).
In relation to Themed Notes, the Sustainable Finance Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles 
(the “GBP”), the Social Bond Principles (the “SBP”) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the “SBG”), 
each published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2021 edition. It may be further updated 
or expanded to reflect updates to the GBP, the SBP or the SBG and evolutions in the Group activities. The 
Sustainable Finance Framework sets out categories projects included in any Eligible Projects which have been
identified by the Group as promoting positive or reducing negative impact on the environment and/or with a 
positive social impact.
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on 
the Sustainable Finance Framework, assessing the environmental, social and sustainable added value of the 
Sustainable Finance Framework and its alignment with the GBP, the SBP and the SBG. This Second Party 
Opinion document is available on Sustainalytics’ website (https://www.sustainalytics.com) and on the Issuer’s 
website (https://www.lapostegroupe.com/en/investors/debt-and-financial-rating).
Allocation reporting will be available to investors within approximately one year from the date of the issue of 
the relevant Themed Notes, and thereafter once a year until full allocation of the proceeds. The reporting will 
produce the total amount allocated to the various categories of projects included in the Eligible Projects. This 
information will be externally reviewed will be publicly available on the Issuer’s website.
External auditors appointed by the Issuer will verify on an annual basis and until the full allocation of proceeds, 
the allocation of the proceeds of the Themed Notes to Eligible Projects.
Such 
external 
auditor’s 
reports 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.lapostegroupe.com/en/investors/debt-and-financial-rating).

--- Page 82 ---
82
DESCRIPTION OF LA POSTE 
The description of the Issuer is set out on pages 41 to 98 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document of the 
Issuer, such pages being incorporated by reference herein (See the “Documents Incorporated by Reference” 
section set forth above in this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 83 ---
83
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
1/ Legal and arbitration proceedings update:
By e-mail dated 4 April 2024 from the French Competition Authority, La Poste was informed of a referral in 
the home parcel delivery sector. This case is currently being investigated by the French Competition Authority.
2/ On 22 February 2024, La Poste Groupe published a press release:
La Poste enters into exclusive negotiations with Bouygues Telecom with a view to the sale of La Poste 
Telecom
La Poste has decided to enter into exclusive negotiations with Bouygues Telecom with a view to selling 
La Poste Telecom, the leading virtual operator on the French market under the La Poste Mobile brand, as part 
of a new phase in the company's development.
Back in 2010, La Poste identified the potential for developing mobile and fixed-line telecommunications in 
its network of contact points, and on the strength of that conviction, it created a new MVNO, La Poste Telecom, 
in partnership with SFR. 
Twelve years on, thanks to the commitment and professionalism of postal workers, the success of this venture 
is there for all to see, with 2,300,000 customers by 1st January 2024. 
La Poste and Bouygues plan to forge a strong, long-term strategic partnership that will draw on the 
complementary strengths of the two groups and focus notably on: 
• Bouygues Telecom's acquisition of 100% of the capital of La Poste Telecom, 51% of which was held by the 
La Poste group and 49% by SFR; 
• The conclusion of an exclusive distribution partnership in the postal network; 
• A licensing agreement to consolidate the La Poste Mobile brand, which would remain the property of La 
Poste. 
For La Poste, this partnership project would enable it to reap the rewards of La Poste Mobile's success while 
continuing to market the brand within the postal network, a key factor in its success. 
The value of La Poste Telecom's shares in the transaction is €950m and its enterprise value is €963.4m. 
This project will be proposed to La Poste Telecom's employee representative bodies, then to La Poste group's 
governance bodies, and will be subject to the right of pre-emption of SFR and of the competent authorities.
3/ On 4 April 2024, La Poste Groupe published a press release: 
La Poste Groupe, the first French Company to be SBTi certified in the shipping, logistics and banking 
sectors. La Poste Groupe is aiming for Zero Net Emissions for 2040.
La Poste Groupe, which has long been committed to fighting global warming, has just had its Zero Net 
Emissions for 2040 plan certified by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), with the target year 
representing a decade in advance of the objectives set out in the Paris Agreement.
La Poste Groupe is the sole French company certified in the areas of shipping, logistics and banking, and only 
6 French companies have been certified with a 2040 objective.
After exceeding the objective of reducing CO2 emissions by 30% two years in advance and by 5 points for the 
scope of its traditional activities for 2025, compared to 2013, La Poste Groupe is continuing to fight global 
warming.

--- Page 84 ---
84
They are now committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions linked to their business4 and indirect emissions 
linked to energy5 by 43.6%; and also to a 25% reduction of indirect emissions linked to stakeholders6, in 
particular suppliers and sub-contractors, by 20307.
In the longer term, the Group is committed to reducing their greenhouse gas emissions by 90% by 2040 in 
order to achieve Zero Net Emissions 10 years ahead of the limit set out in the Paris Agreement.
The new SBTI-certified plan involves the subsidiaries of La Poste Groupe: Geopost and La Banque Postale.
The commitment is backed by an ambitious transition plan:
-
Shipping and logistics: continuing efforts and investment in the reduction of the carbon footprint for 
the Group's and partners’ fleets.
o Accelerating the electrification of vehicle fleets for the first and last km and
developing cargo bikes
o For long-distance shipping, continuing to optimise shipping routes and
loading plans, and deploying the use of alternative, non-fossil fuels.
-
Real estate: implementing the strategic partnership with EDF as part of the joint venture with 
La Poste Immobilier. Objective: invest 400 million Euros to reduce energy consumption in 10,000 
buildings by 20%, and their greenhouse gas emissions by 35%, by 20308.
-
Finance: La Banque Postale6 is committed to using electricity that is 100% produced by renewable 
sources by 2030, and to achieving its scientifically-determined objectives for 85% of its total
financing and investment portfolio by 2030 (home loans, business property loans, energy project 
financing, corporate shares, bonds and long-term loans).
For Philippe Wahl, Le Groupe La Poste’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. “The desire to achieve 
sustainable and responsible development is central for Le Groupe La Poste in light of the climate emergency 
and the erosion of biodiversity. With the certification bythe Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) of our 
plan to achieve Zero Net Emissions by 2040, a decade ahead of the objectives established in the Paris 
Agreement, we are reasserting our leadership in terms of ESG”.
4/ On 4 April 2024, La Poste Groupe published a press release: 
Appointments within La Poste Groupe: Yves Brassart appointed advisor to Philippe Wahl, Chairman and CEO 
of La Poste Groupe. Stéphanie Berlioz appointed executive Vice-President of La Poste Groupe, with 
responsibility for finance as of 3rd June 2024. 
Yves Brassart, who currently holds the position of Executive Vice-President of La Poste Groupe, with 
responsibility for Finance and Development, is appointed Advisor to Philippe Wahl, Chairman and CEO 
La Poste Groupe, in charge of several strategic responsibilities. In this regard, he will retain his mandate as 
Vice-President of the supervisory board of La Banque Postale, and also remain as Administrator of Geopost, 
and Administrator of La Poste Immobilier. He also retains supervision of the group’s Strategy department. 
Stéphanie Berlioz, Executive Vice-President of Finance and Acquisitions at Geopost, is appointed Executive 
Vice-President of La Poste Groupe, with responsibility for Finance. Stéphanie joined Geopost in December 
2022. Prior to that, she carried out different financial functions at La Banque Postale, then part of the Finance 
department of the group, under the responsibility of Yves Brassart, Executive Vice-President of La Poste 
Groupe, with responsibility for Finance and Development. 
Stéphanie Berlioz will succeed Yves Brassart on 3rd June.
4 Scope 1
5 Scope 2
6 Scope 3: purchases of products and services, energy emissions not included in scopes 1 and 2, prior shipping of merchandise, 
commuting.
7 Reference year: 2021
8 In 2021, La Banque Postale became the first European bank and one of the first financial institutions in the
world to have a strategy certified by the SBTi.

--- Page 85 ---
85
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Summary of the Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated
29 April 2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the 
Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has 
reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of 
the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly 
and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
General
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility therefore.
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be 
issued outside France.
European Economic Area
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 86 ---
86
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended.
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below.
France
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations 
in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), nor with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable State securities laws. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”).
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, 
and Issuer and Dealer have agreed that they may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of 
America or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax

--- Page 87 ---
87
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that:
(i)
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any 
identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
calendar days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the 
closing date (the “Distribution Compliance Period”), within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and 
(ii)
it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or both) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
the United Kingdom:

--- Page 88 ---
88
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;
(i)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(ii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of 
the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each of further Dealers appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold, and shall not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell, any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as 
used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the 
laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
governmental guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 89 ---
89
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EURO 
100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A EU REGULATED MARKET
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 19 of the 
Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 3 August 2023 has led to 
the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]9
10[UK MiFIR Product Governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 11
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended (“MiFID II”)]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as 
amended (“IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
9 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories
referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023.
10 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK
MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product 
governance legend or the UK MiFIR Product Governance legend or where both are included.
11 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.]12
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]13
Final Terms dated [●]
[Logo, if document is printed]
LA POSTE
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9695000YG7TR7PAP0L59
SERIES NO: [•]
TRANCHE NO: [•]
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes]
Under the Euro 15,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
for the issue of Notes
Issue Price: [] per cent.
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]
12 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part B below.
13 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B 
below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B below.

--- Page 91 ---
91
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2024 which received approval no.24-123 on 29 April 2024 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received 
approval no. [] on [] from the AMF which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of the Issuer 
(http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance), on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and from the Issuer, on 
request, at 9 rue du Colonel Pierre Avia 75015 Paris, France, during normal business hours.
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”), which are the [2012] [2015] [2018] [2019] [2020] [2021] [2022] [2023] EMTN Conditions]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [the Prospectus 
Regulation][Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2024 which received approval no.24-123 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 29 April 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [] which received approval no. [] on [] from the AMF], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the [2012] [2015] [2018] [2019] [2020]
[2021] [2022] [2023] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus] [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus]
are available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance)], on the website of 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies may be obtained from the Issuer, on request, at 9 rue du Colonel 
Pierre Avia 75015 Paris, France, during normal business hours.]
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.]
(1)
Issuer:
La Poste
(2)
(i)
Series Number:
[]
(ii)
Tranche Number:
[]

--- Page 92 ---
92
(iii)
Date on which the Notes become fungible:
[Not Applicable/
The Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [insert description 
of the Series] issued by the Issuer on 
[insert date] (the “Existing Notes”) as 
from the date of assimilation which is 
expected to be on or about 40 calendar 
days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date 
(the 
“Assimilation Date”).]
(3)
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[]14
(4)
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[]
(i)
Series:
[]
(ii)
Tranche:
[]
(5)
Issue Price:
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date] (in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable)]
(6)
Specified Denomination(s):
[] 
(one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes)15
(7)
(i)
Issue Date:
[]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(8)
Maturity Date:
[] [specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year]
(9)
Interest Basis:
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[EURIBOR/€STR] +/- [] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[If the Notes are Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes specify all Interest Basis that 
apply]
(further particulars specified below)
(10)
Redemption Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation 
or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] 
per cent. of their nominal amount.
14 Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall 
be made in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).
15 Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year 
from the date of issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
“professional investors” (or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no 
part of any such Note may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 93 ---
93
(11)
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable (further particulars specified 
below) (for Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)
/Not Applicable]
(12)
Put/Call Options:
[Put Option]
[Call Option]
[Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer]
[Residual Maturity Call Option]
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer]
[(further particulars specified below)]
(13)
Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for 
issuance of Notes obtained:
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration 
of La Poste dated [] deciding the issue 
of the Notes]/[]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE
(14)
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
from (and including) [] to (but 
excluding) 
[]:]
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph)
(i)
Rate [(s)] of Interest:
[]
per cent. per annum
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other 
(specify)] [in arrear / [in advance on [•]]
on each Interest Payment Date]
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year [commencing on [] and 
ending on [] [[the Maturity Date]/[]]
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]:
[] per Specified Denomination
(iv)
Broken Amounts:
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] / [Not Applicable]
(v)
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)):
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis)]
(vi)
Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)):
[[] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of 
a long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]

--- Page 94 ---
94
(15)
Floating Rate Provisions
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
from (and including) [] to (but 
excluding) 
[]:]
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph).
(i)
Interest Accrual Period(s):
[]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below]
(iii)
First Interest Payment Date:
[]
(iv)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]
(v)
Interest Period Date:
[]
(Not Applicable unless different from 
Interest Payment Date)
(vi)
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)):
[]
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent):
[]
(ix)
Linear Interpolation:
[Applicable/Not applicable – the Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last]
Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest
accrual 
period)]
(x)
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)):
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
- Reference Rate:
[EURIBOR/€STR]
- Interest Determination Date(s):
[[] [T2] Business Days in [specify city]
for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]]

--- Page 95 ---
95
[- Relevant Screen Page: 
[](in the case of EURIBOR, if not 
Reuters EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
[In the case of €STR, delete this 
paragraph]]
[- Reference Banks (when the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available):
[][In the case of €STR, delete this 
paragraph]]
- Observation Look-Back Period:
[] (only applicable in the case of €STR) 
/ [Not Applicable]
(xi)
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)):
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
- Floating Rate (Taux variable):
[]
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable):
[]
(xii) ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)):
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
[- ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA 
Definitions]
- Floating Rate Option:
[]
- Designated Maturity:
[]
- Reset Date:
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(III)] / []
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if
“2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected –
otherwise, delete)
- Calculation Period:
[]
- Fixing Day:
[]
- Effective Date:
[Interest Commencement Date] / []
- Termination Date:
[As per Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)] / []
- Delayed Payment:
[Applicable [: specify applicable number 
of days] (if no number is specified, the 
applicable number of days shall be five 
(5) days / Not Applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
96
- Compounding:
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (Only 
applicable where the Floating Rate 
Option is on overnight rate)
- OIS Compounding:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
- Compounding with Lookback:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
[Lookback: [•]]
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5))
- Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
[Observation Period Shift: [•]]
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value will be five (5))]
- Set in Advance:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
-
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days:
[•]
- Compounding with Lockout:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify 
the relevant financial center(s)]
[Lockout: [•]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no 
default applicable to the Floating Rate 
Option, the default value of the Lockout 
will be five (5))
-
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear 
Interpolation:
[Applicable 
(specify 
the 
Shorter 
Designated Maturity and the Longer 
Designated Maturity, each as defined in te 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions) 
/ 
Not 
Applicable]]
(xiii) Margin(s):
[[+/-] [] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable]
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per annum 
(such rate to be higher than 0.00 per 
cent.)]]
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest:
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable]
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)):
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis]
(xvii) Rate Multiplier
[]/[Not Applicable]
(16)
Fixed/Floating Rate Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 97 ---
97
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Change of Interest Basis:
[Issuer 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis/Automatic Change 
of Interest 
Basis]
(ii)
Switch Date:
[]
(iii)
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(excluded):
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b), as though the Note was a 
Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note] with further variables set out in 
paragraph [14/15] of these Final Terms.
(iv)
Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch 
Date 
(included):
Determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
[Condition 5(b), as though the Note was a 
Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate 
Note] with further variables set out in 
paragraph [14/15] of these Final Terms.
(v)
Notice Period:
[]/[Not Applicable]
(only applicable where “Change of 
Interest Basis” is specified as “Issuer 
Change of Interest Basis”)
(17)
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(g)(i)): 
[] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)):
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-
ICMA / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 360/360 (Bond Basis) / 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
(18)
Call Option (Condition 6(e))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]
(iii) If redeemable in part:
[- Minimum Redemption Amount:
- Maximum Redemption Amount:
[Applicable / Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the items below)
[] per Specified Denomination
[] per Specified Denomination]

--- Page 98 ---
98
(iv) Notice period16:
[As per the Conditions]/ []
(19)
Make-whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer 
(Condition 6(b))
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period:17
[As per the Conditions]/ []
(ii)
Reference Security:
[]
(iii)
Reference Dealers:
[]
(iv)
Redemption Margin: 
[]
(v)
Make-whole Calculation Agent:
[]
(20)
Residual Maturity Call Option (Condition 6(c))
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)
(i)
Call Option Date: 
[]
(ii)
Notice period18: 
[As per the Conditions]/ []
(21)
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 
6(d))
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i) Early Redemption Amount
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]
(22)
Put Option
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note:
(iii)
Notice period19:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph)
[]
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]
[As per the Conditions]/ []
(23)
Final Redemption Amount of each Note
[[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination]]
16 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.
17 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.
18 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.
19 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 99 ---
99
(24)
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 6(h)), for illegality (Condition 6(k)) or 
for an event of default (Condition 9):
[[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
(25)
Form of Notes:
[Dematerialised Notes/ 
Materialised Notes] (Materialised Notes 
are only in bearer form)
[Delete as appropriate]
(i)
Form of Dematerialised Notes:
[Not Applicable/if
Applicable specify 
whether] [bearer form (au porteur) / 
administered 
registered 
form 
(au 
nominatif administré) / fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur)]
(ii)
Registration Agent:
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable][/if 
Applicable give name and details] (Note 
that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to Dematerialised 
Notes issued in registered form only)
(iii)
Temporary Global Certificate:
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes on [•] (the 
“Exchange Date”), being 40 calendar 
days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement 
as 
provided 
in 
the 
Temporary Global Certificate]
(iv)
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 1(a):
Applicable]
(26)
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)):
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that 
this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not the dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraph, 14(ii) and (15(vi) relate)
(27)
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature):
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give 
details] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Notes)
(28)
Redenomination, provisions:
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 1(d)] apply]

--- Page 100 ---
100
(29)
Purchase in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 and 
D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier:
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(30)
Masse (Condition 11):
[[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
Representative: []
Name and address of the alternate 
Representative: []]
[The Representative will receive no 
remuneration/The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of []]
[If the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder, insert the wording below:
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed for such Series, it shall 
exercise 
all 
rights 
and 
obligations 
assigned by law to the Representative and 
the general meeting of the Noteholders. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon 
as the Notes are held by several 
Noteholders.]

--- Page 101 ---
101
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third 
party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]:
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 102 ---
102
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris] [specify 
other relevant regulated market]] with effect 
from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [].]
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [] (“S&P”)]
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [] (“Fitch”)]
[Other: []]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure)
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable:
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
relevant competent authority.]
[Each of] [S&P] [and] [Fitch] [Insert credit rating agency/ies]
[is/are] established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA 
Regulation”)]. As such, each of [S&P] [and] [Fitch] [Insert credit 
rating agency/ies] [is/are] included in the list of credit rating

--- Page 103 ---
103
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with CRA Regulation.]
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the 
European Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended)] [ (the “CRA 
Regulation”) but is endorsed by [insert credit rating agency/ies] 
which is established in the European Union, registered under the 
CRA Regulation and included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with CRA Regulation.]]
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (The “UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] of the Notes 
issued by [insert name of the relevant UK CRA(s)], in accordiance 
with the UK CRA Regulation [has][have] not been withdrawn. As 
such,the rating[s] issued by [insert name of the relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]20
3.
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER]
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
[issue/offer], detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement:
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
[(i) Reasons for the offer:
[]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate 
purposes]/[The 
Notes 
constitute 
[“Green 
Notes”]/[“Social Notes”]/[“Sustainability Notes”] and the net 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance [in whole or 
in part] one or more of the Eligible [Green]/[Social] Projects
described below:
[Describe specific Eligible Projects and/or availability of 
Second Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions 
and/or where the information can be obtained, etc…]]
* (See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from (i) making profit and/or (ii) 
20 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by EEA
CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 104 ---
104
hedging certain risks and/or (iii) financing and/or refinancing 
new or existing projects from any Eligible Projects, will need 
to include those reasons here.)]
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds
[]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.)
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[]]
6.
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES
[Not Applicable] 
[Historic interest rates:
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/€STR] rates 
can be obtained [but not] free of charges from 
[Reuters/give details of electronic means of 
obtaining the details of performance]. 
[Benchmarks:
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR] which is 
provided by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
[As at [], [] appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
the United Kingdom.]]]
7.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[]
Common Code:
[]
Depositaries:
(i)
Euroclear France to act 
as Central Depositary:
[Yes/No]
(ii)
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV
[Yes/No]

--- Page 105 ---
105
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.:
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[]
8.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A) Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a 
firm commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers)
(B)
Stabilisation
Manager(s) if any:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered):
Reg. S Compliance Category [2] applies to the Notes; [TEFRA C 
applies / TEFRA D applies / TEFRA not applicable]
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors:
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or the Notes 
do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified. For the purpose of 
the above, a “packaged” product shall designate a “packaged 
retail investment product” which means in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the investment,

--- Page 106 ---
106
the amount repayable to the retail investor is subject to fluctuations 
because of exposure to reference values or to the performance of 
one or more assets which are not directly purchased by the retail 
investor)
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or the Notes 
do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 107 ---
107
GENERAL INFORMATION
1
Admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the 
Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 29 April 2025 provided 
that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following 
the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which 
may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. Application will be made in certain 
circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and application may be made for the 
listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA.
2
Corporate authorisations
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, 
to the extent that such Notes constitute bonds (obligations) under French law, require the prior 
authorisation of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer in accordance with 
Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce. 
3
No Significant change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2023.
4
No Material adverse change
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2023.
5
Legal and arbitration proceedings
Except as disclosed in page 121 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, the content of the 
Recent Development Section and in the paragraphs above, neither the Issuer nor any member of the 
Group is involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had 
during twelve (12) months preceding the date of this document, a significant effect on the financial
position or profitability of the Issuer, or the Group nor is the Issuer aware that any such proceedings 
are pending or threatened.
6
Materialised Bearer Notes
Where TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Final Terms, each Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, 
Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS 
THIS OBLIGATION will BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 
1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE”.

--- Page 108 ---
108
7
Clearing
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address 
of Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear France is 10-12 place de la Bourse, 75002 Paris, France. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
8
Material contracts
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to 
the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
9
Documents available
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents 
will 
be 
available
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.groupelaposte.com/en/financial-publication):
(i)
the statuts of the Issuer;
(ii)
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any 
expert any part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus.
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be 
available, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) to (iii) 
below on the website of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance):
(i)
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(ii)
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or are 
offered to the public in Paris and/or in any Member State of the European Economic Area so 
long as such Notes are outstanding; and
(iii)
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
10
Statutory auditors
Mazars at Tour Exaltis – 61, rue Henri-Regnault 92400 Courbevoie, France, and KPMG SA, at Tour 
Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, CS 60055, 92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France (both entities regulated 
by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised as Commissaires aux comptes
and members of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et du Centre) 
have audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements and 
on the non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
11
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on

--- Page 109 ---
109
the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date (as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future 
yield.
12
Stabilisation
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) 
(or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a 
level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of 
the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche 
and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
13
Benchmarks Regulation
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more “benchmarks” for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included 
in the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is 
included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation, it 
being specified that €STR is outside the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation, in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, and its administrators is not subject to the 
requirements of approval or registration of the Benchmarks Regulation.
14
LEI
The LEI of the Issuer is 9695000YG7TR7PAP0L59.

--- Page 110 ---
110
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.
La Poste
9 rue du Colonel Pierre Avia
75015 Paris
France
duly represented by:
Pierre Décla
Head of Financial Operations (Directeur des opérations financières)
on 29 April 2024
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 29 April 2024 and is valid until 29 April 2025 and shall, during 
this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 24-123.

--- Page 111 ---
111
Registered Office of the Issuer
La Poste
9 rue du Colonel Pierre Avia
75015 Paris
France
Telephone number of the Issuer: +33 1 55 44 00 00
Arranger
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Dealers
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29
Ireland
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Federal Republic of Germany
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch
Avenue Marnix 24
1000 Brussels
Belgium
Natixis
7 promenade Germaine Sablon
75013 Paris
France
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
12, place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
La Banque Postale
115, rue de Sèvres
75275 Paris Cedex 06
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
Amsterdam 1082 MD
The Netherlands

--- Page 112 ---
112
Société Générale
29, boulevard Haussmann
75009 Paris
France
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent
BNP Paribas 
9, rue du Débarcadère
93500 Pantin
France
Auditors to the Issuer
Mazars 
Tour Exaltis
61 rue Henri-Regnault
92400 Courbevoie
France
KPMG SA
Tour Eqho
2, avenue Gambetta
CS 60055
92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex
France
Legal Advisers
To the Issuer
as to French law
To the Dealers
as to French law
Allen & Overy LLP
32, rue François 1er
75008 Paris 
France
Linklaters LLP
25, rue de Marignan
75008 Paris
France