--- Page 1 ---
LA POSTE 
Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the “Programme”), La Poste (the “Issuer” or “La Poste”), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).  
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus received the approval number 21-192 on 31 May 2021 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
"AMF") and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of twelve (12) months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or to the competent authority 
of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Commission (a “Regulated Market”). However, Notes that 
are not admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”), (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market in the EEA. 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described 
herein. 
Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a member state of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the Issue Date (as defined herein) in the books 
of Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder (as defined in Condition 1(c)(iv)), in either fully registered form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the 
Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré) in 
which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. Materialised Notes will be in bearer 
materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a 
“Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged 
for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 
40th calendar day after the Issue Date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of 
Materialised Bearer Notes”) upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the Issue 
Date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing 
system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a negative outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and A with a stable outlook by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Each of Fitch and S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”). Each of Fitch and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme 
may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Final Terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Base Prospectus, the 2020 Universal Registration Document and the 2019 Universal Registration Document, any supplement thereto and the Final 
Terms will be available on the website of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and may 
be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, before 
deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 2 ---
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Barclays 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
ING  
NATIXIS  
BNP PARIBAS  
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
La Banque Postale 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 31 May 2021

--- Page 3 ---
3 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a “Supplement” and together the “Supplements”)) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer, 
the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates (filiales consolidées et participations consolidées) 
taken as a whole (the “Group”) and the Notes which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), each of 
which shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus in relation to any Series (as defined 
herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms, the Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms being together, the “Prospectus”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (each as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Each prospective investor in the Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment 
policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, 
notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters 
referred to above. 
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it.The distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of certain restrictions on offers 
and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID II regulated entity 
and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU 
(as amended, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT 
OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) NOR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE

--- Page 5 ---
5 
NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO 
CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE SECURITIES ACT). 
FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND ON 
DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE “SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE”. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or 
court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. In particular, potential investors 
are warned that the tax laws of the investor’s jurisdiction or of France (the Issuer’s country of incorporation) 
might have an impact on the income received from the Notes. Potential investors cannot rely upon the tax 
overview contained in this Base Prospectus but should ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor. This investment 
consideration has to be read in connection with the taxation sections of this Base Prospectus. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax (“FTT”) in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. The scope of any such tax 
is still uncertain as well as any potential timing of implementation. If the currently discussed text or any similar 
tax is adopted, transactions in the Notes could be subject to higher costs, and the liquidity of the market for 
the Notes may be diminished. Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice 
in relation to the FTT. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and the Issuer. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in the section “Risk factors”, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
No action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than 
in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be 
made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, 
the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other 
information incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information incorporated by 
reference should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by

--- Page 6 ---
6 
this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming 
to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, 
“EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which 
was introduced on 1st January 1999, references to “£”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the 
lawful currency of the United Kingdom references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency 
of the United States of America, references to “¥”, “JPY”, “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful 
currency of Japan and references to “Swiss francs” are to the lawful currency of Switzerland.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................................ 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................................. 27 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................... 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 36 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES ...... 75 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................................ 76 
DESCRIPTION OF LA POSTE ................................................................................................................................ 77 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................................... 78 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................... 79 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................................... 84 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................... 99 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......................... 102

--- Page 8 ---
8 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any implementing 
regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and in the relevant Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
La Poste. 
Risk factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
the heading "Risks relating to the Issuer and its operations" in the section 
headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
the heading "Risks relating to the Notes" in the section headed "Risk Factors" 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”): 
9695000YG7TR7PAP0L59 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the continuous offer of Notes (the 
“Programme”). 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
BNP Paribas 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
La Banque Postale 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as 
Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect 
of the whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) 
and references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. The identity of the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Dealer(s) in respect of a specific Tranche will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time (the 
“Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be increased, as provided 
in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 31 May 2021 between 
the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying 
Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more Issue Dates and 
on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, 
with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the final terms (the “Final Terms”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity from one (1) month from the date of original issue. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in Euro, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, 
Sterling and in any other currency specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (the “Specified Denomination”) save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in a member state of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency).  
Notes having a maturity of less than one (1) year will constitute deposits for 
the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”) 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).  
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required 
to be preferred by French law) equally with all other present or future

--- Page 10 ---
10 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding.  
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Negative Pledge”. 
Event of Default 
(including cross default): 
There will be events of default and a cross-default in respect of the Notes as 
set out in Condition 9 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of 
Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at an amount which, unless otherwise 
provided, should be its nominal amount. Unless permitted by then current 
laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
having a maturity of less than one (1) year from their date of issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above and “Make-Whole 
Redemption by the Issuer”, “Residual Maturity Call Option”, “Clean-Up Call 
Option” below, Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in Condition 6(h)) or illegality (as 
provided in Condition 6(k)). See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Redemption, Purchase and Options”. 
Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at 
any time or from time to time, prior to their Maturity Date at their Make-
whole Redemption Amount. The Make-whole Redemption Amount will be 
an amount in Euro being the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes 
(not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the 
relevant Make-whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-
whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption Date. 
Residual Maturity Call 
Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, 
the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole but not in part, 
at par together with interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for 
redemption, at any time as from the call option date, which shall be no earlier 
than three (3) months before the Maturity Date of the Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the event that at least 80% of the initial aggregate principal amount 
of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, 
the Issuer may have the option to redeem all, but not some only, of the 
remaining Notes in that Series at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and other 
revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or 
deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent 
then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders, as the case may be, 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions.  
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Taxation”. 
Interest Periods and Rates of 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant 
for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less than 
zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at 
different rates in the same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows:  
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency pursuant to the 
2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward 
financial instruments, or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR or €STR (or such other benchmark as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, any successor rate 
or any alternative rate, in each case as adjusted for any applicable 
margin.  
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant FBF Rate, the relevant Reference Rate or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, as the case may be. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event shall the rate of interest be less 
than zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that will automatically 
change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
to it and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark Event: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark 
and/or screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series 
of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread). 
Redenomination: 
Notes denominated in the currency of a country that subsequently participates 
in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union may be 
subject to redenomination, renominalisation and/or consolidation with other 
Notes denominated in euro, all as more fully provided in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination” 
below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more 
fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues and 
Consolidation”. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination”.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form (“Materialised 
Bearer Notes”) only. A Temporary Global Certificate will be issued initially 
in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes. Materialised Notes 
may only be issued outside France. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) or any other clearing system that may be agreed between the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to Materialised 
Notes. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable (in case of syndicated issues) 
or the application form (in case of non-syndicated issues) relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the Issue Date for each Tranche of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. The Issue Price of the Notes will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Listing and admission to 
Trading: 
Listing and admission to trading on Euronext Paris or other Regulated 
Markets as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of Notes 
may not be admitted to trading or may be unlisted.  
No Offer to the Public: 
The Notes shall not be offered to the public in France and/or in any Member 
State of the EEA. 
Method of Publication of this 
Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms related to 
the Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be 
published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the 
website of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance) and copies may be 
obtained on request without charge at the registered office of the Issuer. The 
Final Terms will indicate where the Base Prospectus may be obtained.  
Rating:  
The long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a negative outlook 
by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and A with a stable outlook by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). Each of Fitch and S&P is 
established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”). Each of Fitch and S&P is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority’s 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with such regulation. Notes issued pursuant to the Programme

--- Page 14 ---
14 
may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The 
rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offers and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See “Subscription and Sale”.  
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) 
(the “TEFRA D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations 
section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) 
(the “TEFRA C Rules”) or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than 
in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility 
Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or the Group and/or the Notes and material for 
an informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference 
represent the principal inherent risks in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of 
the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other 
reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes 
are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. Investors should in particular conduct their own analysis and evaluation 
of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes. In each sub-category below the Issuer 
sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
I 
RISK RELATING TO THE GROUP AND THE ISSUER 
The risk factors relating to the Group are set out in particular in pages 102 to 115 of the French language 
Document d’enregistrement universel of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2020 which was filed 
with the AMF under number D.21-0146 on 18 March 2021. Such pages are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The main risks facing the Group and influencing its economic health and capacity to meet its strategic 
objectives are updated annually.  
These major risks are identified and assessed as part of a process involving all levels of the Group (Executive 
Management, business units, subsidiaries and branches) and coordinated by the Group’s Risk Department. 
The risk mapping and management plans resulting from this process are presented to the Executive 
Committee and then presented to the Audit Committee. 
The 2020 Universal Registration Document details the risk factors specific to the Group that are 
considered to have a significant net impact and to be likely to influence investment decisions. In terms of 
methodology, only the risk factors specific to the Group and whose net impact is the most significant have 
been selected. The net impact takes into account all the risk mitigation measures implemented by the 
Group. This work was carried out on the basis of a review of the Group’s mapping of major risks.  
The risk factors are divided into four categories. The first category includes risk factors upstream and 
exogenous to the Group, related to its economic, financial and geopolitical environment. The three other 
categories include downstream risk factors weighing on the implementation of the Group’s strategy: 
- 
risk factors relating to the economic, financial and geopolitical environment that threaten the 
achievement of the Group’s objectives within the framework of its corporate purpose and its public 
service missions and which contribute in particular to the definition and the update of its strategy;

--- Page 16 ---
16 
- 
risk factors relating to the transformation of the Group’s business model, the implementation of 
growth drivers, and taking into account the expectations of its various stakeholders, whether they are 
well-established Group activities facing risk in terms of growth or new activities requiring nurturing 
until they reach critical mass; 
- 
risks related to non-compliance with laws and regulations: often common to all Group entities, these 
mainly concern banking compliance and compliance with regulations relating to the fight against 
corruption, the protection of personal data, compliance with competition law, legislation on exclusion 
lists and compliance with the duty of vigilance. Their aggregation and/ or intensity make them 
significant at Group level;  
- 
cross-entity risks related to the Group’s business activities: they mainly cover issues of personal 
health and safety, cybercrime, disruption of activities in the event of a major crisis. 
 
II 
RISK RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. RISKS FOR THE NOTEHOLDERS AS CREDITORS OF THE ISSUER  
1. Risks related to the legal framework applicable to the Issuer 
French Insolvency Law 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. The holders of the 
Notes (the “Noteholders”) will be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a 
Masse in accordance with Condition 11.  
However, under French insolvency law, notwithstanding any clause to the contrary, holders of debt securities 
(obligations) are automatically grouped into a single assembly of holders (the “Assembly”) in order to 
defend their common interests if a preservation procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated 
preservation procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial preservation 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure 
de redressement judiciaire) is opened in France with respect to the Issuer. 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities (obligations) issued by the Issuer (including the 
Notes), whether or not under a debt issuance programme (such as a Euro Medium Term Notes programme) 
and regardless of the governing law applicable to such issuance. 
The Assembly deliberates on the proposed draft preservation plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft 
accelerated preservation plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial 
preservation plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan 
(projet de plan de redressement) applicable to the Issuer and notably agree to: 
- 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by 
rescheduling due payments and/or partially or totally writing off receivables in the form of debt 
securities;  
- 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) if 
their difference of situations so justifies; and/or 
- 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give or may give 
right to share capital.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount 
of debt securities held by the holders expressing a vote). No quorum is required to convoke the Assembly. 
The Noteholders whose rights are not modified by the proposed plan do not participate in the vote.  
Decisions of the Assembly will be binding upon holders of debt securities if the proposed preservation or 
rehabilitation plan is (i) adopted by the other creditors' committees of the Issuer (committee of financial 
institutions and committee of suppliers) and (ii) approved by the commercial court. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus will not be applicable, to the extent they 
are not in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have an adverse impact on the 
Noteholders seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to become insolvent.  
In addition, it should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on 
discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning 
restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been adopted 
on 20 June 2019. Once transposed into French law (which is scheduled to happen within twenty-four months 
of the entry into force of French statute n°2019-486 dated 22 May 2019), such directive should have a 
material impact on French insolvency law, especially with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring 
plans under insolvency proceedings. When such directive is transposed into French law, it is likely that the 
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning 
that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, 
the Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and 
their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on 
the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Despite the fact that any decisions taken by the Assembly or 
a class of affected parties, as the case may be, could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and 
cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts 
due to them from the Issuer. 
2. Risks related to the terms and conditions of the Notes 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and waivers 
Condition 11 contains provisions for collective decisions to consider matters affecting their interest generally 
to be adopted either through a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following a written 
consultation (the “Written Resolution”). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to the 
Written Resolution and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Collective decisions 
deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes subject to the 
limitation provided by French law and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. If a decision is adopted by a 
majority of Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, this 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence investors may lose part of their 
investment. 
The Notes may be issued with a specific use of proceeds  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to issue “green bonds” (such Notes being “Green Notes”) and also, after the modification and publication 
of the framework referred to in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus, “social bonds” or

--- Page 18 ---
18 
“sustainability bonds” and apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issuance of Notes to 
refinance finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects included in the Eligible 
Assets, as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section this Base Prospectus, as completed or specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
There is no market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a “green” or equivalently labelled 
project. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the “Taxonomy 
Regulation”). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
“taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. 
As a result, there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as 
to what constitutes, a “green”, “environmental” or an equivalently-labelled project, any project included in 
the Eligible Assets might not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory 
requirements, or any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “environmental” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible Assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Notes in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus as completed or specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Eligible Assets might not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be 
totally or partially disbursed for the Eligible Assets. The Eligible Assets might not be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment or 
sustainability aspect) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the 
Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Green Notes.  
Moreover, potential investors should be aware that the allocation reporting will be available to investors 
solely once per year and will only produce the total amount allocated to the various categories of projects 
included in the Eligible Assets. Thus, investors will not have exhaustive visibility on the projects included 
in the Eligible Assets. Any failure to use an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds from such Notes 
on projects included in the Eligible Assets or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of 
certain environmentally, socially or sustainably focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the 
value of the Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
green, social and/or sustainable assets and consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected.  
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
All or some of the Dealers and, as the case may be, the calculation agent and their respective affiliates 
(including their parent companies) have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial 
banking and/or other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in 
relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may, in the ordinary course of their 
business, (i) engage in investment banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include 
prime brokerage business, financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters 
in connection with offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as 
financial advisers to the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain 
of such Dealers have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where applicable, 
they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. Hence, the Dealers for a 
Tranche of Notes may have interests differing from the Noteholder’s interests with respect to the 
implementation of an issue of Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Each of the Issuer and the Dealers may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or 
related derivatives which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be 
deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and 
the Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as calculation agent), including with respect to certain 
discretionary determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In 
particular, whilst a calculation agent will, as the case may be, have information barriers and procedures in 
place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders 
during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and 
which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3, the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer. An investment in the Notes involves taking 
credit risk on the Issuer. If the credit worthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or 
part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
 
B. RISKS RELATED TO A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common of 
such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Issuer has the option, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, to redeem the Notes under a make-
whole call option as provided in Condition 6(b), a residual maturity call option as provided in Condition 6(c), 
a Clean-up Call Option as provided in Condition 6(d), or a call option as provided in Condition 6(e). In 
particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer, there is no obligation under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the threshold of 80% of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and 
the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in 
respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may have been trading significantly above 
par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
In addition, the Issuer may, and in certain circumstances shall, redeem the Notes in whole but not in part, 
further to the occurrence of certain withholding tax events described in Condition 6(h).

--- Page 20 ---
20 
An optional redemption feature of Notes may have a significant impact on their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. As a consequence, the yields received upon 
redemption may be significantly lower than expected. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, a Noteholder may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the Noteholders, who may lose all or a 
substantial part of the capital invested in the Notes. 
All of the above may reduce the profits potential investors in the Notes may have expected in subscribing 
the Notes and could have significant financial impact on the Noteholders. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. Depending on 
the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, such partial redemption may have a 
material adverse effect on the liquidity of any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which 
such option is not exercised. 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer and the Redemption at the Option of the Issuer are 
exercisable in whole or in part and exercise of such options by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes 
may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised 
The Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer provided in Condition 6(b) and the Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer provided in Condition 6(e) are exercisable in whole or in part. 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Dematerialised Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be 
effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. 
Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in 
respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid and Noteholders 
may lose part of their investment. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Noteholders 
In accordance with Condition 6(f), the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early 
redemption at the option of the Noteholders. Exercise of a Put Option in respect of certain Notes may affect 
the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the 
relevant Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such 
option is not exercised may become illiquid, which shall in turn adversely impact those Noteholders from a 
financial point of view. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(b), the Issuer may issue Fixed Rate Notes bearing interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant Tranche of Notes. In particular, a Noteholder, 
which pays interest at a fixed rate, is exposed to the risk that the market value of such Note could fall as a

--- Page 21 ---
21 
result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes is fixed 
during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets ("market interest rate") 
typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the market value 
of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the 
market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the Notes would typically increase, 
until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. The degree to which the 
market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the market value of the Fixed Rate Notes if a 
Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(c), investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, 
the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) 
which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates 
evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the 
next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and 
Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest 
income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase 
them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods. If the Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue 
Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes 
(and vice versa). Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence 
of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant 
margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less 
than zero. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their investments in the Notes and therefore their 
interests may be significantly negatively altered. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
As contemplated in Condition 5(d), the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the 
Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) 
that will automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on 
the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. The conversion of the interest rate will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes since the conversion from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread 
on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Notes. If the rate is converted from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have a significant adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Investors should refer to risk factors set out in the risk factors entitled “Fixed Rate Notes” and “Floating 
Rate Notes”.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
As contemplated by Condition 5(e), the Issuer may issue Zero Coupon Notes. The market values of the Zero 
Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price 
volatility as compared to conventional interest bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, in 
similar market conditions, the holders of Zero Coupon Notes, as well as other securities issued at a 
substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, could be subject to higher losses on their 
investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any 
such volatility may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Reform and regulation of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 of the Terms and Condition of the Notes, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that 
constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation") published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable since 1 January 
2018.  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse 
effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provisions of “benchmarks”, the contribution of input data to a 
“benchmark” and the use of a “benchmark” within the EEA.  
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(d) (Benchmark discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, which seek to mitigate any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation 
could have a material adverse impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, 
in particular: 
- 
an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including 
the Issuer) in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if 
based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and  
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirement of the Benchmark Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate 
or level of the “benchmark” and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment 
or receive less income than would have been the case without such change. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR): (i) discourage 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain “benchmarks”, (ii) trigger changes

--- Page 23 ---
23 
in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks”, or (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain 
“benchmarks”. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Depending on the manner in which a 
benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) 
if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-
free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a backward-looking term and 
includes a risk-element based inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the 
benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions 
applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing 
provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain Benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial 
instruments that have not been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and 
contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which 
is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the 
Benchmarks Regulation). These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event 
that the fallback provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable. However, 
there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts 
of the European Commission. In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions 
applicable to third-country benchmarks until the end of 2023 and empowered the European Commission to 
further extend this transitional period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create 
uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of 
delegated regulations.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5(c)3.E (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, 
including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could 
include, without limitation, any mid-swap rate, but shall exclude €STR), and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such 
benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)3.E of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, could be positive or 
negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out 
of the replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by 
the Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is 
determined or due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time, in all these circumstances other fallback rules might apply if the benchmark is 
discontinued or otherwise unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period to be used for the following Interest Period(s), as set out in the risk factor above entitled “The 
regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks”. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate 
environment, Noteholders will not benefit from any increase in rates.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as 
a result, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have 
a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could 
have unexpected commercial consequences and might not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Investors should consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates as reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows Notes referencing the Euro short term rate 
(“€STR”) to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as €STR, as 
reference rate in the capital markets for euro bonds, and its adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank 
offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that 
reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus.  
The nascent development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the 
Notes. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to 
the relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. The €STR might be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the Terms 
and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be determined 
using the alternative methods described in Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such 
methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, 
the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR reference rate had been provided by the 
European Central Bank in its current form. Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may 
entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in convention debt securities. 
 
C. RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET OF THE NOTES 
Liquidity risks/Trading Market for the Notes 
The Notes may not have an established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number 
of factors such as general economic conditions, the financial condition and/or, the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or the Group, and the value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the 
complexity and volatility of the reference rate, the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of 
such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, the outstanding amount of the Notes, any 
redemption features of the Notes, the performance of other instruments linked to the reference rates and the 
level, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value of the 
Notes. In addition, certain Notes may be designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and 
therefore may have a more limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional 
debt securities. 
Although in relation to Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, application to admission 
to trading will be subject to compliance with Euronext listing requirements. If an active market for the Notes 
does not develop or is not sustained, the market price or the market price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. As a consequence, investors may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will 
enable investors to realise their anticipated yield and as a result, investors could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency in accordance with 
Condition 5. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes, all of 
which could have a significant adverse effect on the return on the investment of the investors. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors whose financial activities are 
carried out or dependent principally in a currency other than euro may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the 
perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may be lowered, suspended, withdrawn or not maintained 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes and/or the Issuer. At 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A+ with a negative outlook 
by Fitch and A with a stable outlook by S&P, as described in the section "General Description of the 
Programme". The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Following the date of this Base Prospectus, any such ratings might not continue for any period of time and 
might be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the Rating Agencies as a result of changes 
in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. 
If any rating assigned to the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended or withdrawn, this may adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. Further, Rating Agencies may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If non-
solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings might differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the 
Issuer. 
Market Value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Therefore, 
the market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, including market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date.  
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, and including also factors affecting capital markets generally and 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The 
price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could 
be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Accordingly, all or part 
of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder 
in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections referred to in the 
table below included in the following documents (see hyperlinks in pink below): 
a. 
the Document d’enregistrement universel of the Issuer (in French language1) which was filed 
with the AMF under number D.21-0146 on 18 March 2021 including the consolidated audited 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the related 
notes thereto prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union and the statutory auditors’audit report thereon, the non-
consolidated audited financial statements of the Isssuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020 and the related notes thereto prepared in accordance with French accounting principles and 
the statutory auditors’ audit report thereon (the “2020 Universal Registration Document”);  
b. the Document d’enregistrement universel of the Issuer (in French language2) which was filed 
with the AMF under number D.20-0132 on 16 March 2020 including the consolidated audited 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the related 
notes thereto prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union and the statutory auditors’audit report thereon, the non-
consolidated audited financial statements of the Isssuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2019 and the related notes thereto prepared in accordance with French accounting principles and 
the statutory auditors’ audit report thereon (the “2019 Universal Registration Document”);  
c. 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 20 July 
2020 which received approval no. 20-365 on 20 July 2020 from the AMF (the “2020 EMTN 
Conditions”);  
d. the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 1 July 
2019 which received visa no. 19-306 on 1 July 2019 from the AMF (the “2019 EMTN 
Conditions”);  
e. 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 30 May 
2018 which received visa no. 18-212 on 30 May 2018 from the AMF (the “2018 EMTN 
Conditions”);  
f. 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 3 April 
2017 which received visa no. 17-132 on 3 April 2017 from the AMF (the “2017 EMTN 
Conditions”);  
g. the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 2 April 
2015 which received visa no. 15-139 on 2 April 2015 from the AMF (the “2015 EMTN 
Conditions”);  
                                                          
 
1  The free English language translation of the 2020 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website of the 
Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/en/finance). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version. For ease of reference, the page numbering of the free English 
language translation of the document incorporated by reference is identical to the French version. 
2  The free English language translation of the 2019 Universal Registration Document may be obtained without charge from the website of the 
Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/en/finance). This document is available for information purposes only and is not incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. The only binding version is the French language version. For ease of reference, the page numbering of the free English 
language translation of the document incorporated by reference is identical to the French version.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
h. the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
7 October 2013 which received visa no. 13-531 on 7 October 2013 from the AMF (the “2013 
EMTN Conditions”); and 
i. 
the terms and conditions of the notes contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
18 October 2012 which received visa no. 12-505 on 18 October 2012 from the AMF (the “2012 
EMTN Conditions” and together with the 2013 EMTN Conditions, the 2015 EMTN Conditions, 
the 2017 EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions and the 
2020 Conditions, the “Previous EMTN Conditions”). The Previous EMTN Conditions are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues of Notes 
to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued with the Previous 
EMTN Conditions.  
The sections referred to in the table below shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in a section which is deemed to be 
incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of the 2019 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
which contain the sections incorporated by reference are published and available on the website of 
the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance) and may be obtained without charge from the 
registered office of the Issuer during normal business hours. The 2019 Universal Registration 
Document and 2020 Universal Registration Document are also available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org). 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this base 
Prospectus is set out in the cross-reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information 
requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of Annex 7 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (the "Commission 
Delegated Regulation") is referred to in the cross-reference tables below. “Not Applicable” in the 
cross-reference table below means that the information is not relevant for the purposes of Annex 7 of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation.  
Any information not listed in the following cross-reference table but included in the documents listed 
above is given for information purposes only. 
Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with 
the list above, the information contained in the website of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated 
by reference herein and is for information purposes only. Therefore it does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Cross–reference table  
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 A description of the material risks that are specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a section headed 
“Risk Factors”. 
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the 
Issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on a 
regulated market, taking into account the negative impact of the 
Issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set out first. 
The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
Not applicable 
102 to 115 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer; 
Not applicable  
525 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number and 
legal entity identifier (“LEI”); 
Not applicable  
525 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer, except 
where the period is indefinite; 
Not applicable  
525 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under which 
the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the address and the 
telephone number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and website of the 
Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the information on the website 
does not form part of the prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus; 
Not applicable  
525 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which are to a material 
extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency; 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the Issuer’s principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or services performed. 
Not applicable  
8 to 23 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the Issuer on its competitive 
position. 
Not applicable  
24 to 82 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the 
Issuer’s position within the group; 
This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
Not applicable  
12 and 13 
6.2 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, this 
must be clearly stated together with an explanation of this dependence. 
Not applicable  
14

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
7. 
TREND INFORMATION 
7.1 
A description of:  
(a) 
any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
the date of its last published audited financial statements; 
(b) 
any significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published to the date of the 
registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable, then the Issuer should include 
(an) appropriate negative statement(s). 
Not applicable 
275 
475 
8. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
8.1 
Where an Issuer includes on a voluntary basis a profit forecast or a 
profit estimate, that profit forecast or estimate shall be clear and 
unambiguous and contain a statement setting out the principal 
assumptions upon which the Issuer has based its forecast or estimate. 
The forecast or estimate shall comply with the following principles: 
(a) 
there must be a clear distinction between assumptions about 
factors which the members of the administrative, management 
or supervisory bodies can influence and assumptions about 
factors which are exclusively outside the influence of the 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; 
(b) 
the assumptions must be reasonable, readily understandable 
by investors, specific and precise and not relate to the general 
accuracy of the estimates underlying the forecast; and 
(c) 
in the case of a forecast, the assumptions shall draw the 
investor’s attention to those uncertain factors which could 
materially change the outcome of the forecast. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
8.2 
The prospectus shall include a statement that the profit forecast or 
estimate has been compiled and prepared on a basis which is both: 
(a) 
comparable with the historical financial information;  
(b) 
consistent with the Issuer’s accounting policies. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions in the Issuer of the members 
of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies, and an 
indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer: 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies; and 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited 
partnership with a share capital. 
Not applicable  
182 to 216 
9.2 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interests. 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer, of the 
persons referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests and or other 
Not applicable  
217

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
duties must be clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether the Issuer is directly 
or indirectly owned or controlled and by whom and describe the nature 
of such control and describe the measures in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused. 
Not applicable  
524 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the Issuer, the operation 
of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the 
Issuer. 
Not applicable  
524 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION, 
AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 Historical financial information covering the latest two financial years 
(at least 24 months) or such shorter period as the Issuer has been in 
operation and the audit report in respect of each year. 
272 to 477 
276 to 518 
11.1.2 Change of accounting reference date 
If the Issuer has changed its accounting reference date during the 
period for which historical financial information is required, the 
audited historical financial information shall cover at least 24 months, 
or the entire period for which the Issuer has been in operation, 
whichever is shorter. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.1.3 Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is 
not applicable the financial statements must be prepared according to: 
(a) 
a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers 
from the EEA as required by Directive 2013/34/EU 
(b) 
a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. 
Otherwise the following information must be included in the 
registration document: 
(a) 
a prominent statement that the financial information included 
in the registration document has not been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 and that there may be material differences in the 
financial information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been 
applied to the historical financial information; 
(b) 
immediately following the historical financial information a 
narrative description of the differences between Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002 as adopted by the Union and the 
280  
435  
286 to 287 
476

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
accounting principles adopted by the Issuer in preparing its 
annual financial statements. 
11.1.4 Where the audited financial information is prepared according to 
national accounting standards, the financial information must include 
at least the following: 
(a) 
the balance sheet; 
(b) 
the income statement; 
(c) 
cash flow statements 
(d) 
the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
430 to 471 
 
431 to 432 
430 
433 
434 to 471 
 
470 to 511 
 
471 to 472 
470 
473 
474 to 511 
11.1.5 Consolidated financial statements 
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document: 
272 to 421 
276 to 451 
(a) the balance sheet; 
274 and 275 
278 and 279 
(b) the income statement; 
(c) consolidated comprehensive income statement 
(d) changes in consolidated equity 
(e) consolidated cash flow statement 
272 
273 
276 
277 
276 
277 
280 
281 
282 to 451 
(f) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
278 to 421 
11.1.6 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial information 
may not be older than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document. 
Not applicable 
31.12.2020 
11.2 
Auditing of Historical financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 The historical financial information must be independently audited. 
The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014.  
Where Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do 
not apply: 
(a) 
the historical financial information must be audited or reported 
on as to whether or not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance with 
auditing standards applicable in a Member State or an 
equivalent standard. Otherwise, the following information 
must be included in the registration document:  
422 to 429 
472 to 477 
452 to 461 
512 to 518

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Commission Delegated Regulation – Annex 7 
2019 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
(page number) 
a. 
a prominent statement disclosing which auditing 
standards have been applied;  
b. 
an explanation of any significant departures from 
International Standards on Auditing; 
(b) 
if audit reports on the historical financial information contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, such qualifications, modifications, 
disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full 
and the reasons given. 
11.2.2 Indication of other information in the registration document which has 
been audited by the auditors. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.2.3 Where financial information in the registration document is not 
extracted from the Issuer’s audited financial statements state the 
source of the data and state that the data is not audited. 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.3.1 Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the Issuer and/or group’s financial position or 
profitability, or provide an appropriate negative statement. 
Not Applicable 
275 
 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions  
2020 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 20 July 2020 
Pages 47 to 81 
2019 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 1 July 2019 
Pages 32 to 66 
2018 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 30 May 2018 
Pages 26 to 54 
2017 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 3 April 2017 
Pages 25 to 54 
2015 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 2 April 2015 
Pages 27 to 56 
2013 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 7 October 2013 
Pages 24 to 52 
2012 EMTN Conditions contained in the base prospectus 
dated 18 October 2012 
Pages 22 to 49 
 
The 2012 EMTN Conditions, 2013 EMTN Conditions, 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions and the 2020 EMTN

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further issues 
of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under the 
2012 EMTN Conditions, 2013 EMTN Conditions, 2015 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 EMTN 
Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions or the 2020 EMTN Conditions.  
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 18 October 2012, 7 October 2013, 
2 April 2015, 3 April 2017, 30 May 2018, 1 July 2019 and 20 July 2020 are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for the 
purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the Group, the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, or publish a replacement Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent listing and admission to trading on a regulated market, submit 
such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the AMF for approval and supply each Dealer, Euronext Paris 
and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement to the Base Prospectus as may reasonably be 
requested.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted 
by the following text as completed by the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions 
of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in the Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by La Poste (the “Issuer” or “La Poste”). An amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 31 May 2021 has been agreed between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent and 
the other agents named in it (the “Amended and Restated Agency Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the 
paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time 
being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the “Consolidation Agent” and 
the “Calculation Agent(s)”. 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market 
situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) as defined in the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in 
materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-
3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book-entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France SA 
(“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts 
of the Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder either in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account 
Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held 
by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by the Issuer or the registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the 
“Registration Agent”). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the Noteholders in accordance with 
French laws unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers 
with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”).  
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form (“Materialised Bearer Notes”). 
Materialised Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the 
“Coupons”) (and, where appropriate, a talon (the “Talon”)) attached, save in the 
case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable.  
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised form 
must be issued outside the French territory. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in such denomination(s) as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified 
Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such 
Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of 
the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Bearer Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, 
Coupons and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue (“Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes”), shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
holder (as defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or 
its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “Holder of Notes”, “Holder of any Note” or “Noteholder” 
means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the person whose name appears in 
the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent 
(as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Note and the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Coupons or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination:  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, by giving at 
least thirty (30) calendar days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 and on or 
after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the 
Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single 
currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time 
(the “Treaty”), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects 
(in either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. 
The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in 
these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by 
converting the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency 
into euro using the fixed relevant national currency euro conversion rate established 
by the Council of the European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the 
Treaty and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 
being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion 
of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest euro. The euro denominations 
of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 
euro 0.01 (with euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be 
payable in euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders 
by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this 
Condition or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent of the 
holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon, make any changes or additions to these 
Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any change to any 
applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), 
taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. 
Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on 
the holders of Notes, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in 
relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of euro or any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued 
in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be fungible with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (except the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and principal 
amount of the Tranche), which will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the 
option of the Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such 
Noteholder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Materialised Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and, where applicable, any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank and will 
at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other 
present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, pledge, lien or other 
form of encumbrance or security interest upon any of its respective assets or revenues, present or

--- Page 40 ---
40 
future, to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) or any guarantee or indemnity of 
any Relevant Indebtedness unless at the same time or prior thereto the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Notes and Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith or benefit from a guarantee or 
indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto. 
For the purposes of this Condition “outstanding” means in relation to the Notes of any Series, all 
the Notes issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, 
(b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys 
(including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable 
after such date) have been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in 
administered registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder, (ii) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder and (iii) 
in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, to the Fiscal Agent and remain available for payment 
against presentation and surrender of Materialised Bearer Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may 
be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) 
those which have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised 
Bearer Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Bearer Notes, 
(ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Materialised Bearer Notes are outstanding 
and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Bearer Notes alleged 
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Bearer Notes 
have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been 
exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
For the purposes of this Condition “Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future 
indebtedness in the form represented by notes or other securities which are for the time being, or 
are capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter-
market or other securities market. 
5 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the FBF Definitions and 
in the ISDA Definitions have either been used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto 
(the “TARGET System”) is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”);  
(ii) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally 
in each of the Business Centre(s) so specified.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 - FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
Actual /365 - FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 
365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum 
of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year, 
where:  
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(i) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 42 ---
42 
(iii) 
if “30/360” or “360/360 (Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(i) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)] + (D2 -D1) 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended,  
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
Transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, as the case may be (“FBF”) (together the “FBF 
Master Agreement”), as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date, 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be, 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro, 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other 
than an Interest Payment Date, 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or such other date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
“Margin” means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the 
applicable Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, it being specified that 
such margin can have a positive or a negative value or be equal to zero. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms, 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer, 
or an appointed agent on its behalf, or as specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (e.g. EURIBOR or 
€STR),  
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect 
of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) 
the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised 
Notes if earlier) the date seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note or 
Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation, 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Reference Rate,  
“Relevant Screen Page Time” means such relevant Screen Page Time as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in 
advance as specified in the applicable Final Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the 
Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable 
in arrear (except as otherwise provided in the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Conditions 5(h) and 5(i). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in 
the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention 
would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date

--- Page 45 ---
45 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such 
date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either FBF 
Determination or ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) is the first day of that Interest 
Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Floating 
Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)” 
and “Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF 
Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits 
in euro which appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as more fully 
described in the relevant Final Terms. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined

--- Page 46 ---
46 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap 
Transaction” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if 
applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or  
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) applies and fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing 
offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer 
than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Euro zone inter-bank market, provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 48 ---
48 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
  
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as 
defined below) has occurred, then the €STR for such TARGET 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the 
Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event 
and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, then 
the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the 
end of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of 
€STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in 
the relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after that 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall 
be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate

--- Page 49 ---
49 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate 
or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (d): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any 
spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
€STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a 
replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the 
European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” 
means, in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no 
longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on 
the deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight 
deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central 
Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European 
Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
1) if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR 
for each of the 30 (thirty) TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurred; or 
2) if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 (thirty) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the 
interest rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight 
borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area provided by the 
European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank (as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is 
published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised 
interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following 
such TARGET Business Day;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day 
falling in the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR for the 
TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
1) a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
2) a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or 
a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
€STR Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no 
longer provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“€STR Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest 
Accrual Period, the period from and including the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period (and the first €STR Observation Period 
shall begin on and include the date falling “p” TARGET Business 
Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing 
the relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment 
Date corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus 
the EDFR Spread; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” 
up to, but excluding, the immediately following TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of TARGET Business Days included in the Observation Look-
Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of 
the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu 
or any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank. 
(D) 
Linear Interpolation  
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
FBF Rate (if specified as applicable in the relevant Final terms), the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D), “Applicable Maturity” 
means: (a) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time specified 
in the relevant FBF Rate, (b) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (c) in relation to 
ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(E) 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any 
time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for any 
remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be

--- Page 53 ---
53 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over other fallbacks 
specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
following provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over other 
fallbacks specified in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(A), 5(c)(iii)(B) and shall not 
apply to €STR. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(b)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(c)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
1. 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)); or 
2. 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(d)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner (i) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (A) that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if 
any. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation 
to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
provision, the fallback provisions relating to the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the 
Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date, will continue to apply to such determination.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), 
at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions 
until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms. This may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Accrual Period 
being the Rate of Interest for the Interest Accrual Period in 
question. 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive 
or negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or 
(c) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting 
in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a 
commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published;  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before 
a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i);  
(e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six months; 
(f) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, 
is no longer representative of an underlying market or 
that its method of calculation has significantly changed; 
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination 
Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Noteholder 
using 
the 
Original 
Reference 
Rate 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); 
or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of 
any benchmark administrator previously authorised to 
publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted. 
 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution 
of international repute or an independent adviser of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(E)(a); 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, 
two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by 
any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall 
determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to 
a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically 
change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the 
date set out in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Optional Redemption Amount or the 
Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 
6(g)(i)). 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for 
redemption unless (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) 
at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8). 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above 
by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative 
number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be, provided that in no event, will the Rate of Interest 
be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest of 0.00 per cent. Whether or not a 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in no event shall the rate of interest (including for the avoidance of 
doubt, as adjusted with any applicable margin) be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded 
up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the 
case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender 
in the country(ies) of such currency.  
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall 
be calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal 
amount of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest

--- Page 59 ---
59 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where 
any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable 
in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Make-whole Redemption 
Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-whole Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any 
quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market 
of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of 
each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) or the Make-whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
Calculation Agent and Make-whole Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best 
efforts to procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or one 
Make-whole Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms 
and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation 
Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of 
Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, the Make-whole Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent (acting through its principal

--- Page 60 ---
60 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent or the Make-whole Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to that Regulated 
Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent or the Make-whole 
Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, is its nominal amount, except for Zero 
Coupon Notes). 
(b) 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer: If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to their 
Maturity Date (the “Make-whole Redemption Date”) at their Make-whole Redemption 
Amount (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes). The Make-whole Redemption 
Amount will be calculated by the Make-whole Calculation Agent and will be an amount in 
Euro rounded to the nearest cent (half a cent being rounded upwards) being the greater of 
(x) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the 
then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 
Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-
whole Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date on an 
annual basis at the Redemption Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus a 
Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) 
above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-whole Redemption 
Date. 
“Make-whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial 
services institution or any other competent entity of recognised standing with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The “Redemption Rate” is the average of the four quotations (eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest quotations) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest quotations)) given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) business day in Paris preceding the Make-
whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET). 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) will be chosen by the Make-whole Calculation Agent after prior 
consultation with the Issuer if practicable under the circumstances at 11.00 a.m. (Central 
European time (CET)) on the third (3rd) business day in London preceding the Make-whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Make-whole Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
and notified in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Paying Agents in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Make-whole Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the relevant provisions of Condition 6(e) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis to this Condition 6(b). 
The Make-whole Calculation Agent shall act as an independent expert and not as agent for 
the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
(c) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than 
thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders redeem the Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in whole but not in part, at par together with interest accrued to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time as from the Call Option Date (included 
and as specified in the Final Terms), which shall be no earlier than three (3) months before 
the Maturity Date. 
(d) 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer: If a Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 80% of the initial aggregate principal 
amount of a particular Series of Notes has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the 
Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than 
fifteen (15) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining Notes in that Series at their 
Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption: If a Call Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 
to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) redeem all or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, some, of the Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date, as the case may be. Any such redemption (i) must relate to 
Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) may be 
made at its Optional Redemption Amount (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such 
Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes to be redeemed which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as 
may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption shall be effected 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion 
to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on any Regulated Market 
and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in 
which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and on the website of any other competent authority and/or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are admitted to trading a 
notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of 
Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes drawn for redemption 
but not surrendered. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholders’ Options: If a 
Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained 
from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice 
period. In the case of Materialised Bearer Notes shall have attached to it such Note (together 
with all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent at its 
specified office. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause 
to be transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying 
Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no 
Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer.  
(g) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(e), 6(f), 6(h) and 6(k) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as 
provided below. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount of any such Note 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to 
Condition 6(e), 6(f), 6(h) and 6(k) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such 
Note shall be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Optional 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount becomes due and 
payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Optional Redemption 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this sub-
paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until 
the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes:  
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(h) 
or Condition 6(k), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount. 
(h) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application 
or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect 
of the Notes or Coupons, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 (b) below, the Issuer may, at its 
option, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or, at 
any time, (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) subject to having given not 
more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the 
due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
principal and interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the holders of Coupons (the “Couponholders”) of 
the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8 (b) below, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon 
giving not less than seven (7) calendar days’ prior notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then

--- Page 64 ---
64 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued 
to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) on which the Issuer could make payment of 
the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such 
notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption 
pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes or Coupons and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days 
after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) at any time, (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note), provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the 
Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, 
if applicable, Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in 
the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating 
thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the possibility of holding 
and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by 
the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with French laws and regulations. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation must be 
cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Bearer Notes, 
by surrendering the Temporary Global Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Bearer 
Notes in question together with all unmatured Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes, all rights relating to payment of interest and other amounts relating to such 
Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised Notes, all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, 
where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official 
application of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful 
for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the 
Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes shall (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form or administered registered 
form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant

--- Page 65 ---
65 
currency with a Bank designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Bearer Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised 
Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender 
of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes (in the case of all payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, 
save as specified in Condition 7(f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such 
currency with, a Bank.  
“Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a 
city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Bearer 
Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if 
(i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such 
payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “U.S. Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to Condition 8) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and 
their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder 
or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination Agent, the 
Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, 
(iv) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities (including 
Paris so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the rules 
of, or applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require), (v) in the case of

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other 
agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed 
or admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect 
of any Materialised Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both 
Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such 
other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Materialised Bearer Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes), they should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total 
principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for 
payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) years from 
the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, comprising a 
Floating Rate Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Materialised Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer 
Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Bearer Note is not a due date 
for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment 
of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Bearer

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption 
of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Bearer Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a 
Coupon sheet issued in respect of any Materialised Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of 
such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon 
sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a 
business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified 
as “Financial Centres” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case of a payment in 
a currency other than euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions 
may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro), which is a TARGET Business 
Day. 
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest and 
other revenues in respect of any Note or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in 
respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere 
holding of the Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date in 
the case of Materialised Notes: except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such

--- Page 68 ---
68 
additional amounts on presenting it for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) 
such day. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or, in the case of Materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven (7) 
calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.  
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it and (ii) “interest” shall be 
deemed to include (x) all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (y) any additional amounts that may 
be payable under this Condition.  
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11) may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer given on behalf of the Noteholders before all defaults shall have been remedied, cause 
the Notes to become immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately 
due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, plus accrued interest, without any other 
formality, if any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(a) 
the Issuer is in default for more than fifteen (15) calendar days for the payment of principal 
of, or interest on, any Note (including the payment of any additional amounts in accordance 
with Condition 8), when the same shall become due and payable; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its other 
obligations under the Notes and such default has not been cured within thirty (30) calendar 
days after the receipt by the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the written notice of such default; 
or 
(c) 
if any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed money or otherwise 
raised by the Issuer in excess of Euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
whether individually or in the aggregate shall become due and payable or capable of 
becoming due and payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or 
any such indebtedness shall not be paid when due or, as the case may be, within any 
applicable grace period (as originally agreed) therefore or any steps shall have been taken 
to enforce any security in respect of any such indebtedness or any guarantee or indemnity 
given by the Issuer for, or in respect of, any indebtedness of any person shall not be 
honoured when due and called upon; or 
(d) 
if a judgement is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for a judicial 
transfer of the whole or part of the business (cession totale ou partielle de l’entreprise) of 
the Issuer or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Issuer is subject to any other 
insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or the Issuer makes any judicial conveyance, 
assignment, or other judicial arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a 
composition with its creditors; or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(e) 
the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of all or substantially all of its assets or ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially all of its business or an order is 
made or an effective resolution passed for its winding-up, dissolution or liquidation, unless 
(i) such winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or disposal is made in connection with a 
merger, consolidation, reconstruction, amalgamation or other form of combination (the 
“Restructuring”) with or to, any other corporation, (ii) the liabilities under the Notes are 
transferred to and assumed by such other corporation and (iii) the credit rating assigned by 
any Rating Agency to the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of such 
other corporation following the Restructuring is not less than the credit rating assigned by 
any such Rating Agency to the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of 
the Issuer immediately prior to the effective date of such Restructuring. 
“Rating Agency” means any of the following: Fitch Ratings Limited, S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing requested from time to time 
by the Issuer to grant a rating to the Issuer and/or the Notes and in each case, any of their respective 
successors to the rating business thereof. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in 
the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of 
their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”).  
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce 
subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective 
Decision”). 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if any, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of contrary of the Collective Decision) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer. 
(iv) 
Collective Decision 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the “Written Resolution”) (as further described in 
Condition 11(iv)(b) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris 
preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 14. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
 
(a) General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth 
(1/30) of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer 
and the Representative a demand for convocation of the General Meeting. If such 
General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the 
Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court in Paris 
to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be 
required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meetings or 
represented thereat.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be 
published in accordance with Condition 14(e) not less than fifteen (15) calendar 
days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than 
five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
 Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy or by correspondence. 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at 
any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of 
the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(b) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall 
be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a 
resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in 
several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic 
Consent”). 
Written Resolution shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits 
referred to in Condition 11(iv)(a) above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing 
signed by the Noteholders of not less than 66.6 per cent. (2/3) in nominal amount 
of the Notes outstanding.  
 
(c) Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 3°, L.228-71, R.228-69, L.236-13 and 
L.236-18 of the French Code de commerce and the related provisions of the French 
Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
 
(v) 
Expenses 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decision and, more generally, all administrative

--- Page 72 ---
72 
expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decision, it being expressly stipulated that no 
expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 13, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single 
Masse. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all such Series. 
(vii) 
Sole Noteholder 
 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provision of the French Code de 
commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this 
capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes 
of such Series. 
(viii) Notice to the Noteholders 
 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 14(e) below. 
(ix) 
Outstanding Notes 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term “outstanding” shall not include those 
Notes purchased by the Issuer in accordance with French laws and regulations that are held by 
it and not cancelled. 
12 
Replacement of definitive Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Bearer Notes, a Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Bearer Notes, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series 
with the Notes provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or 
identical in all respects save for the Issue Date, Issue Price, the first payment of interest and the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further notes provide for such 
assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, with the prior approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
of the Redenomination and Consolidation Agents, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more 
other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies 
or in euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally 
denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such 
consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if 
either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, (x) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which 
is expected to be Les Echos), or (y) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or 
(z) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and, (b) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (x) in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located or (y) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au 
porteur) shall be valid if published, (i) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, (a) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected 
to be Les Echos), or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers and, (ii) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, (a) in a leading daily newspaper 
with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading is located or (b) on the website of any other Regulated Market where the Notes 
are admitted to trading. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes 
are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication of a notice required by 
Conditions 14 (a) and (b) above; except that notices will be published (a) so long as such Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF, and (b) so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market(s) so 
require, on the website of any other competent authority or Regulated Market where the Notes are 
admitted to trading, or (c) as otherwise provided in applicable laws, regulations or rules.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(e) 
Notices relating to the convocation of the General Meetings and decision(s) of the Collective 
Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared 
and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing.  
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Coupons and the Talons) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons may 
be brought before any competent court located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED BEARER NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Bearer Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on 
or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description 
- Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA D rules, in whole but not in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form 
set out in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement for Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate 
may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already 
been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Bearer Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set 
out in the Schedules to the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty 
(40) calendar days after its Issue Date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to 
such day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 
forty (40) calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) be applied by the Issuer 
either: 
 
- 
to be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or 
 
- 
in the case of “Green Notes”, in an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds, to finance and/or refinance, 
in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any Eligible Assets, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and 
as further described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) 
available on the Issuer’s website (www.groupelaposte.com/en/financial-debt) (the “Green Bond Framework”) 
which may be amended in the coming months to include a Social Bond Framework and a Sustainable Bond 
Framework to be made available on the Issuer’s website (the “Green, Social & Sustainability Bond 
Framework”); or  
 
- 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above). 
 
In relation to “Green Notes”, the Green Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles published by the 
International Capital Markets Association in its 2018 edition (the “GBP”). It may be further updated or expanded to 
reflect updates to the GBP and evolutions in the Group activities. The Green Bond Framework sets out categories of 
Eligible Assets which have been identified by the Group as promoting positive or reducing negative impact on the 
environment. 
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the 
Green Bond Framework, assessing the environmental added value of the Green Bond Framework and its alignment 
with 
the 
GBP. 
This 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
document 
is 
available 
on 
Sustainalytics’ 
website 
(https://www.sustainalytics.com) and on the Issuer’s website (www.groupelaposte.com/en/financial-debt). 
Allocation reporting will be available to investors within approximately one year from the date of the issue of the 
relevant Green Notes, and thereafter once a year until full allocation of the proceeds. The reporting will produce the 
total amount allocated to the various eligible assets. This information will be externally reviewed and will be publicly 
available on the Issuer’s website. 
External auditors appointed by the Issuer will verify on an annual basis and until the full allocation of proceeds the 
following information: 
- 
the compliance of assets financed by the Green Notes’ proceeds with the criteria specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
- 
the allocated amount related to the Eligible Assets are financed by the Green Notes’ proceeds; and 
- 
the management of proceeds and unallocated proceeds amount. 
Such external auditor’s reports will be published on the Issuer’s website (www.groupelaposte.com/en/financial-
debt).

--- Page 77 ---
77 
DESCRIPTION OF LA POSTE  
The description of the Issuer is set out on pages 8 to 82 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document of the Issuer, 
such pages being incorporated by reference herein (See the “Documents Incorporated by Reference” section set 
forth above in this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 
1/  
“On 31 March 2021, Asendia, the joint venture between Le Groupe La Poste and Swiss Post, announced 
the acquisition of eShopWorld, in which it had a majority stake (50,1%) since 2017. eShopworld will 
remain a stand-alone entity, with the current management remaining.” 
 
“Covid 19: As at 1 April 2021 La Poste is taking new steps to ensure business continuity for all its 
individual and professional customers. Following the announcements of the French President on 31 March 
2021 to limit the health crisis, La Poste has taken new measures to ensure the continuity of its service 
throughout the country: mail, parcels and press delivery six days a week, accessibility of post offices and 
retail outlets in partnership, in strict compliance with hygiene standards.”  
 
“As at 13 April 2021, La Poste creates a leading player in IA consulting for corporates with the acquisition 
of Openvalue, a consulting firm specializing in big data and AI. The merger of Openvalue and Probayes, 
a subsidiary of La Poste specializing in AI, brings together more than 150 experts in big data and AI. This 
operation is part of the “La Poste 2030, committed for you” strategic plan, which includes digital 
technology as a priority and strategic development area.”  
 
 
2/ In respect of the legal and arbitration proceedings of La Poste, the fourth and fifth paragraphs of Section 
5.1.7 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, is updated as follows:  
“Within the framework of an inquiry opened by the French Competition Authority (Autorité de la 
concurrence) in 2010 concerning the transport and courier sector in France, implicating several express 
delivery companies including Chronopost and Exapaq (now DPD France), a statement of objections was 
sent on 30 June 2014. In a ruling dated 15 December 2015, the French Competition Authority (Autorité 
de la concurrence) fined Chronopost, jointly with La Poste, €99,182,000 and fined DPD France 
€44,767,000, of which €43,315,000 jointly with La Poste. The three companies appealed against this ruling 
before the Court of Appeal of Paris and the hearings took place in March 2017. On 19 July 2018 the Paris 
Court of Appeal granted an overall reduction of €7,838,000, bringing the fine to an amount of €92,276,000 
for Chronopost and €43,675,000 for DPD France. This reduction was related to a greater valuation by the 
Court of Appeal of the competition compliance programme implemented by Le Groupe La Poste 
inaddition to taking into account a slightly reduced basis for the value of sales. Chronopost, DPD France 
and La Poste lodged a cassation appeal against this decision on 16 August 2018. The procedure is ongoing. 
A legal advisor has been appointed and the date of the hearing has been set on 22 June 2021.” 
On 29 January 2020, the Court of Cassation overturned the decision of the Paris Court of Appeal of 21 
December 2017, which upheld the decision of the French Competition Authority (20 September 2010) 
which convicted 11 retail banks including La Banque Postale, to a fine for agreement regarding Check 
Image Exchanges (EIC). The Court of Cassation partially reversed the decision and referred the case to 
the Paris Court of Appeal. The hearing has been held on 18 March 2021 and the deliberation is planned 
on 2 December 2021.”

--- Page 79 ---
79 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
Summary of the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 31 May 
2021 (the “Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the 
Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer 
has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The 
Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly 
and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make 
to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified or supplemented by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other 
offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed that Materialised Notes may only be issued 
outside France. 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended. 
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or 
any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), nor with any securities regulatory authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may 
not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable State securities laws. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
Materialised Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, and 
Issuer and Dealer have agreed that they may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or 
its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms

--- Page 81 ---
81 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that: 
(i) 
except as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver the 
Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) 
calendar days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined, and certified to the 
Issuer, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager (the 
“Distribution Compliance Period”), within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and  
(ii) 
it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year from the date of issue, (a) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed, and each of further Dealers appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold, and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell, any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident 
in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or 
re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act and any other applicable laws, regulations and governmental guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 83 ---
83

--- Page 84 ---
84 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST EURO 100,000 
TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A EU REGULATED MARKET 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
4[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[‘s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU 
non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 56 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II")]/[MiFID 
II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended ("IDD"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key 
                                                          
 
3 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
4 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
5  To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”). 
6 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an approval of 
this document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors on a non-exempt 
basis.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]7 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]8  
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
LA POSTE 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9695000YG7TR7PAP0L59 
 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
Issue of [Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Under the Euro 12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of Notes 
 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
                                                          
 
7 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products, in which case, insert “Not Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part B below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert “Applicable” in paragraph 8(v) of Part B below. 
8 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 10(ix) of Part 2 below. 
Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to UK retail investors. In this case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 8(vi) of Part B below.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 31 May 2021 which received approval no. 21-192 on 31 May 2021 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval no. [] on 
[] from the AMF which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance), on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and from the Issuer, on request, at 9 rue du Colonel Pierre Avia 75015 
Paris, France, during normal business hours. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”), 
which are the [2012] [2013] [2015] [2017] [2018] [2019] [2020] EMTN Conditions]. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation][Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 31 May 2021 which received approval no. 21-192 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 
31 May 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval no. [] on [] from 
the AMF], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including 
the [2012] [2013] [2015] [2017] [2018] [2019] [2020] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [The Base Prospectus] [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus] are available for viewing on the website of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance)], on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and copies may be obtained from the Issuer, on request, at 9 rue du 
Colonel Pierre Avia 75015 Paris, France, during normal business hours.] 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs 
of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
 Issuer: 
La Poste 
(2) 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/ The Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [insert description of 
the Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert 
date] (the “Existing Notes”) as from the date 
of assimilation which is expected to be on or 
about 40 calendar days after the Issue Date 
(the “Assimilation Date”).] 
(3) 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[]9 
(4) 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
(5) 
 Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
(6) 
 Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
(one 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Notes)10 
(7) 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(8) 
 Maturity Date: 
[] [specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
the relevant month and year] 
(9) 
 Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[specify particular reference rate] +/- [] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(10) 
 Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [100] per 
cent. of their nominal amount. 
                                                          
 
9  Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
10  Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one year from the date of 
issue must (a) have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to “professional investors” 
(or another applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be available) and (b) provide that no part of any such Note may be 
transferred unless the redemption value of that part is not less than £100,000 (or such equivalent amount).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(11) 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there] 
(12) 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
  
 
(13) 
 Date[s] of the corporate authorisation[s] for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[Decision of the Conseil d’Administration of 
La Poste dated [] deciding the issue of the 
Notes]/[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) 
PAYABLE 
 
(14) 
 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
from (and including) [] to (but excluding) 
[]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate [(s)] of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly/ 
other (specify)] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [commencing on [] and 
ending on [] [[the Maturity Date]/[]] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[] per Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) Broken Amounts: 
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis)] 
 
(vi) Determination Dates (Condition 5(a)): 
[[] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a 
long or short first or last Coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(15) 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
from (and including) [] to (but excluding) 
[]:] [Applicable/Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year [subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] 
(Not Applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/FBF 
Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(ix) Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Reference Rate: 
[]  
 
 
 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page Time: 
[][In the case of €STR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify 
city] for [specify currency] prior to [the first 
day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
[- Relevant Screen Page:  
[](in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately)  
[In the case of €STR, delete this paragraph]]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
[- Reference Banks (when the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available): 
 
[][In the case of €STR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
- Observation Look-Back Period: 
[] (only applicable in the case of €STR) / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination (Condition 5(c)(iii)(A)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Floating Rate (Taux variable): 
[] 
 
- Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[] 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination (Condition 5 (c) (iii) (B)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable / The Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(xiii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [] per cent. per annum]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[0.00 per cent.]/[[] per cent. per annum 
(such rate to be higher than 0.00 per cent.)]] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis)] 
 
 
 
(16) 
 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 6(g)(i)):  
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 
360/360 (Bond Basis)]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(17) 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
- Minimum Redemption Amount: 
- Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[[] per Specified Denomination]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period11: 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(18) 
 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice period:12 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
 
(iii) Reference Dealers: 
[] 
 
(iv) Similar Security: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Redemption Margin:  
[] 
 
(vi) Make-whole Calculation Agent: 
[] 
(19) 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Call Option Date:  
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period13:  
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(20) 
 
Clean-up Call Option by the Issuer (Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                          
 
11  If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
12 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
13  If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, 
for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(i) Early Redemption Amount 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
(21) 
 
Put Option 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each Note: 
(iii) Notice period14: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
[] 
[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination] 
[As per the Conditions]/ [] 
(22) 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[[] per Note [of [] Specified 
Denomination]] 
(23) 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons (Condition 6(h)), for 
illegality (Condition 6(k)) or for an event of default 
(Condition 9): 
 
 
 
 
[[] 
per 
Note 
[of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination]] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(24) 
 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/ Materialised Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
[Delete as appropriate] 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable/if 
Applicable 
specify 
whether] [bearer form (au porteur) / 
administered registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif administré) / fully registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif pur)] 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable][/if Applicable 
give name and details] (Note that a 
Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to fully registered Dematerialised 
Notes only) 
                                                          
 
14 If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(iii) Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Notes on [•] (the 
“Exchange Date”), being 40 calendar days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement 
as provided in the Temporary Global 
Certificate] 
 
(iv) [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the Noteholders as provided by 
Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
(25) 
 
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 7(h)): 
[Not Applicable/Give details]. (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, 
and not the dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph, 14(ii) and 
(15(vi) relate) 
(26) 
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] 
(Only applicable to Materialised Notes) 
(27) 
  
Redenomination, provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
[in 
Condition 1(d)] apply] 
(28) 
 
Purchase in accordance with Article L. 213-0-1 and D. 
213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(29) 
 
Masse (Condition 11):  
[[Name and address of the Representative: 
[] 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: []] 
 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The 
Representative 
will 
receive a remuneration of []] 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
insert the wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole 
Noteholder and unless a Representative has 
been appointed for such Series, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned 
by law to the Representative and the general 
meeting 
of 
the 
Noteholders. 
A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as 
the Notes are held by several Noteholders.]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [name of Issuer]: 
 
Duly authorised by:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris] [specify other relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris] [specify other relevant regulated market]] 
with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] rated/The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]]: [].] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [] (“S&P”)] 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: [] (“Fitch”)] 
[Other: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes of the 
type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)  
(Include appropriate Credit Rating Agency Regulation (Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as amended) disclosure) 
[Insert one (or more) of the following options, as applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority.] 
[Each of] [S&P] [and] [Fitch] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”)]. As such, each of 
[S&P] [and] [Fitch] [Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not established in the European 
Union and [has/have each] not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended)] [ (the “CRA Regulation”) but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency/ies] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with CRA Regulation.]] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the [issue/offer], 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale”] in the Base Prospectus [and save for any fees of [insert 
relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Dealers] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of 
the Notes has an interest material to the offer.”] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute “Themed Bonds” and 
the net proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance [in whole 
or in part] one or more of the Eligible Assets described below: 
 
[Describe specific Eligible Assets and/or availability of Second 
Party Opinion and any relevant third party opinions and/or where 
the information can be obtained, etc…]] 
 
* (See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from (i) making profit and/or (ii) hedging 
certain risks and/or (iii) financing and/or refinancing new or 
existing projects from any Eligible Assets, will need to include 
those reasons here.)]  
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[]]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable]  
[Historic interest rates: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/€STR[]] rates 
can be obtained [but not] free of charges from 
[Reuters/give details of electronic means of obtaining 
the details of performance].  
[Benchmarks: 
 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to [EURIBOR/€STR[]] which is provided 
by []. [As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence). [As at [], [] appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the 
United Kingdom.]]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking 
S.A.: 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] [and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(ii) If syndicated: 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such entities 
are not the same as the Managers) 
(B) Stabilising Manager(s) 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name 
and address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) US Selling Restrictions 
(Categories of potential 
investors to which the 
Notes are offered): 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2] applies to the Notes; [TEFRA C 
applies / TEFRA D applies / TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information document will 
be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified. For the purpose of the above, a 
“packaged” product shall designate a “packaged retail investment 
product” which means in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an investment, where, regardless of 
the legal form of the investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which are not 
directly purchased by the retail investor) 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes do not constitute “packaged” products or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information document will 
be prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 99 ---
99 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Admission to trading  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are 
the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for a period of twelve (12) months until 30 May 2022 provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence 
of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included 
(including information incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply. Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit the Notes on Euronext Paris and 
application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in a Member 
State of the EEA. 
2 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent 
that such Notes constitute bonds (obligations) under French law, require the prior authorisation of the Board 
of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer in accordance with Article L.228-40 of the French 
Code de commerce.  
3 
No Significant change  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
4 
No Material adverse change 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2020.  
5 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Except as disclosed in page 275 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the content of the Recent 
Development Section and in the paragraphs above, neither the Issuer nor any member of the Group is 
involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have had during twelve 
(12) months preceding the date of this document, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer, or the Group nor is the Issuer aware that any such proceedings are pending or threatened. 
6 
Materialised Bearer Notes 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Final Terms, each Definitive Materialised Bearer Note, Coupon 
and Talon will bear the following legend: “ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS 
OBLIGATION will BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX 
LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE”.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
7 
Clearing 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code, 
the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number 
for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed with the Registration 
Agent. The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
9 
Documents available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will be available on the website of the issuer (https://www.groupelaposte.com/en/financial-publication): 
 
(i) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, balance sheets, valuations and statements by any expert any 
part of which is extracted or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the documents listed in (i) and (ii) below will be available, 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the documents listed in (i) to (iii) below on the website 
of the Issuer (http://legroupe.laposte.fr/Finance): 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus;  
(ii) 
a copy of the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or are offered to 
the public in Paris and/or in any Member State of the European Economic Area so long as such 
Notes are outstanding; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
10 
Statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit at 63, rue de Villiers 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France, and KPMG 
Audit, a department of KPMG SA, at Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, CS 60055, 92066 Paris-La Défense 
Cedex, France (both entities regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorised 
as Commissaires aux comptes and members of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes 
de Versailles) have audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the consolidated financial statements 
and on the non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
11 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
(as defined in the Final Terms) of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
12 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”), the 
Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) 
calendar days after the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
13 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, 
as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). In this case, a statement will be included in the relevant Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
14 
LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 9695000YG7TR7PAP0L59.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
 La Poste 
9 rue du Colonel Pierre Avia 
75757 Paris Cedex 15 
France 
duly represented by: 
 
Stéphanie Berlioz 
Head of Financial Operations and Treasury (Directeur des opérations financières et de la trésorerie) 
on 31 May 2021 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 31 May 2021 and is valid until 30 May 2022 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 21-192.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
 
La Poste 
9 rue du Colonel Pierre Avia 
75015 Paris 
France 
Telephone number of the Issuer: +33 1 55 44 00 00 
 
Arranger 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Dealers 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2 RF29 
Ireland 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
NATIXIS 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
 
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France  
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
Netherlands

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent and Calculation Agent 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services  
3, 5, 7 rue du Général Compans 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
KPMG Audit, a department of KPMG SA 
Tour Eqho 
2, avenue Gambetta 
CS 60055 
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
as to French law 
To the Dealers 
as to French law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52, avenue Hoche 
CS 9005 
75379 Paris Cedex 08  
France 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
75008 Paris 
France