--- Page 1 ---
LAND SECURITIES CAPITAL MARKETS PLC 
(incorporated in England and Wales with limited liability under registered number 5193511) 
£7,000,000,000 
Multicurrency Programme for the issuance of Notes 
 
By a resolution of the Board of Directors of Land Securities Capital Markets PLC (the “Issuer”) passed on 29 October 2004 it was resolved 
to authorise the establishment by the Issuer of a £4,000,000,000 multicurrency programme for the issuance of Notes (the “Programme”). 
By a resolution of the Issuer passed on 23 July 2018 it was resolved to increase the Maximum Amount (as defined below) to 
£7,000,000,000. The update of the Programme for 2022 has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Issuer passed on 14 July 2022. 
This Base Prospectus supersedes any Base Prospectus with respect to the Programme issued prior to the date hereof. Any Notes (as 
defined below) issued under the Programme after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein. 
The provisions described herein do not affect Notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Notes issued under the Programme on the same date will comprise a Series and may comprise one or more Classes, each Class being 
accorded a particular ranking in point of security. First ranking Notes will be designated as “Class A Notes” or (if issued pursuant to a 
Class R Underwriting Agreement as Class R1 Notes) “Class R1 Notes” (together with the Class A Notes, the “Priority 1 Notes”), second 
ranking Notes will be designated as “Class B Notes” or (if issued pursuant to a Class R Underwriting Agreement as Class R2 Notes) 
“Class R2 Notes” (the Class R2 Notes, together with the Class R1 Notes, the “Class R Notes” and the Class R2 Notes, together with the 
Class B Notes, the “Priority 2 Notes”) and any other Notes issued in any Class or Classes of Notes will be designated (as further described 
herein) as ranking below the Priority 2 Notes, the “Subordinated Notes”. 
Each Class of Notes may be issued in separate Sub-Classes, with the Notes in each Sub-Class having, among other things, different 
currency, interest rate and maturity terms to the Notes of other Sub-Classes within that Class of Notes. Each Sub-Class may be, among 
other things, fixed rate, floating rate, index-linked, zero-coupon Notes, with differing maturities, redemption profiles and interest payment 
dates, and may be denominated in sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or other currency, in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
relating to such Sub-Class. Each Sub-Class of Notes within a Class will rank pari passu with all other Sub-Classes of Notes within such 
Class in point of security. 
Notes issued under the Programme will have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or equivalent in any other currency).  
The Programme was first listed on the Official List (the “Official List”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext 
Dublin”) on 2 November 2004. Notes may be issued under the Programme on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified 
in Chapter 19 “Subscription and Sale”, page 367 below, and to any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by 
the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue of Notes or on an ongoing basis. The Issuer may from time to time issue Class 
R Notes to Class R Underwriters in accordance with the provisions set out in Chapter 19 “Subscription and Sale”, page 367 below.  
Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or jurisdiction of the United States, and 
may include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered or sold, or in the 
case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, as defined in 
Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the Securities Act (“U.S. persons”), except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Notes in registered form issued under the Programme may be offered or sold 
within the United States only to certain qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) as defined in, and in reliance on, Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) and outside the United States only to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) Notes in bearer form issued under the Programme may be offered and sold only outside the 
United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus comprises a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes. Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed in Ireland (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been 
admitted to the Official List and trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, “EU MIFID II”).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be admitted to trading or listed on such other stock exchange(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue Notes which have not been admitted to trading or listed. This Base Prospectus 
(as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to the Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated markets for the purposes of EU MIFID II or which are to be offered 
to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Under the Programme, the Issuer may, subject to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, from time to time issue Notes in the 
form of Bearer Notes and/or Registered Notes. 
Details of the aggregate principal amount, interest payable (if any), the issue price and certain other information which is applicable to each 
Sub Class of Notes will be set out in Final Terms which, in the case of Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on Euronext 
Dublin regulated market and/or listed on Euronext Dublin, will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on or before the relevant date of issue of the 
Notes of such Sub-Class. 
If any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is applicable to any payment of interest on, and principal and premium (if any) on, 
the Notes, such payment will be made subject to any such withholding or deduction, without the Issuer being obliged to pay any additional 
amount in consequence thereof.  
For a discussion of certain risk factors regarding the Notes that should be considered by prospective purchasers of the Notes, 
see Chapter 2, “Risk Factors” page 42 below. 
__________________________________ 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Dealers  
 
 
Bank of China 
BNP PARIBAS
Citigroup
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets
NatWest Markets
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking
SMBC Nikko
 
Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2022

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Copies of each set of Final Terms will be available (in the case of all Notes) from the specified 
office set out below of the Note Trustee and (in the case of the Bearer Notes) from the specified 
office set out herein of each of the Paying Agents and (in the case of the Registered Notes) from 
the specified office set out herein of each of the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. Copies of the 
Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme (the “Maximum Amount”) will not exceed £7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The exclusive source of funds for the payment of principal and interest on the Notes will be the 
Issuer’s right to receive payments of interest and repayments of principal on advances made 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreement between, inter alios, the Issuer, FinCo and the Note 
Trustee. 
The Notes will be obligations of the Issuer only and will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or 
guaranteed by, any of the other parties to the transactions described in this Base Prospectus and 
any Final Terms. It should be noted, in particular, that the Notes will not be the obligations or 
responsibilities of, and will not be guaranteed by, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, any Swap Counterparty, any Liquidity Facility Provider, the Account Bank, the 
Class R Underwriters, the Class R Agent, the Cash Manager, the Obligor Security Trustee, FinCo, 
HoldCo, the Obligors, Land Securities PLC, Land Securities Group PLC or any other company 
(other than the Issuer) in the same group of companies as, or affiliated to, Land Securities Group 
PLC. 
Any Class A Notes or Class R1 Notes issued are expected upon issue to be rated AA- by Fitch 
and AA by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited (assuming there are no changes in any relevant 
circumstances). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for EEA regulatory purposes, if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”) unless (i) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (ii) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. Similarly, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for UK regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK for the 
purposes of Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). 
Each of Fitch Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Neither Fitch Ratings 
Limited nor S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the EEA or has applied for 
registration under the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch Ratings Limited and S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, respectively, in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global 
Ratings Limited are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each credit 
rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating and, among other things, will depend 
on the performance of the business of the Security Group from time to time.  
If the Final Terms in relation to a Sub-Class of Bearer Notes specify that the TEFRA C Rules are 
applicable to such Sub-Class, the Bearer Notes of such Sub-Class will be represented by a 
Permanent Global Note, which will be deposited with a common depositary or a common 
safekeeper (if the Sub-Class of Bearer Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) 
form) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system and 
will be exchangeable in certain limited circumstances in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes, 
as further described in Chapter 15 “Form of the Notes”, page 349, below. 
If the Final Terms in relation to a Sub-Class of Bearer Notes specify that the TEFRA D Rules are 
applicable to such Sub-Class, the Bearer Notes of such Sub-Class will initially be represented by 
a Temporary Global Note, which will be deposited with a common depositary or common 
safekeeper (if the Sub-Class of Bearer Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and exchangeable for either a Permanent Global Note or Definitive 
Notes, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations and thereafter any Permanent Global Note may be exchanged, in whole but not in 
part, for Definitive Notes, all as further described in Chapter 15 “Form of the Notes”, page 349, 
below. 
Registered Notes of each Class which are offered and sold within the United States to QIBs in 
reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by a Global Note Certificate in registered, restricted 
form which will be registered in the name of a nominee of the common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system. Each Global Note 
Certificate may be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates evidencing holdings of Notes in 
certain limited circumstances, as further described in Chapter 15 “Form of the Notes”, page 349, 
below. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Note Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the Conditions herein, in which event (in the case 
of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and/or listed on Euronext 
Dublin only) a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers 
or any parent company or affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, 
the offering shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers or such parent company or affiliate on 
behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of Euro Inter-
Bank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), which are administered by the European Money Markets Institute 
and the Bank of England, respectively. As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR is included in the 
register (the “ESMA Benchmarks Register”) established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
(the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and in the register (the “FCA Benchmarks Register”) 
established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 
2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). The Bank of England, as administrator of SONIA, is 
excluded from the scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation and the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation and the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
respectively.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplement to the Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to any Sub-Class of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms, unless otherwise indicated, 
have the meanings set out in the glossary of defined terms which appears at the back of this Base 
Prospectus.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision 
of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
RISK FACTORS 
A discussion of certain factors, which should be considered in connection with an investment in 
the Notes, is set out in Chapter 2, “Risk Factors” page 42 below. 
Each person contemplating making an investment in the Notes must make its own investigation 
and analysis of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Obligors and its own determination of 
the suitability of any such investment, with particular reference to its own investment objectives 
and experience and any other factors which may be relevant to it in connection with such 
investment. A prospective investor who is in any doubt whatsoever as to the risks involved in 
investing in the Notes should consult its own independent professional advisers. 
Persons Responsible 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
Final Terms for each Sub-Class of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Each of Land Securities Group PLC and Land Securities PLC accepts responsibility for the Land 
Securities Information. To the best of the knowledge of Land Securities Group PLC and Land 
Securities PLC, the Land Securities Information is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
CBRE Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in Chapter 12 (Valuation of the 
Estate) (the “CBRE Valuation Information”). To the best of the knowledge of CBRE Limited, the 
CBRE Valuation Information is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
Third Party Information 
The CBRE Valuation Information has been provided by CBRE Limited.  The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by CBRE Limited, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE NOTES 
No person has been authorised in connection with the issue and sale of Notes to make any 
representation or provide any information other than as contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
other document entered into in relation to the Programme. Any such representation or information, 
if given or made, should not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the direct or 
indirect subsidiaries of Land Securities Group PLC (including the Issuer, FinCo and any other 
Obligor) (together the “Landsec Group”), the directors of the Issuer or of any member of the 
Landsec Group, the Arranger, the Dealers or the Class R Underwriters. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers, the Note Trustee or the Obligor Security Trustee 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Notes or their distribution. Each person receiving 
this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Note Trustee or the Obligor Security Trustee nor any other person affiliated with any of them 
in connection with any investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
The statements in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer, Land 
Securities Group PLC and Land Securities PLC referred to under “Persons Responsible” above. 
FINANCIAL CONDITION OF THE ISSUER, THE SECURITY GROUP AND THE LANDSEC 
GROUP 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offer, sale, allocation, 
solicitation or delivery of any Note shall in any circumstances create any implication or constitute 
a representation that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve 
any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer, the Obligors, the 
Security Group (as a whole) or the Landsec Group (as a whole) or the information contained 
herein since the date of this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Authorised Signatories or directors of the Issuer or the Obligors shall be personally 
liable in respect of any certificate issued on behalf of any of the Obligors pursuant to or in 
accordance with any Transaction Document. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
SUMMARY OF SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any part hereof nor any Final Terms constitute an offer of, or an 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase, any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offer, sale and delivery of 
Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. None of the Issuer, any other member of 
the Landsec Group and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time be lawfully sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for such sale. No action 
has been taken by the Issuer, any other member of the Landsec Group, the Arranger or the 
Dealers (save for the approval of this document as a Base Prospectus by the Central Bank) which 
would permit a public offering of any Notes to be issued under this Base Prospectus or distribution 
of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the 
Notes may not be offered or sold, or in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession the whole or 
any part of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, 
the Notes may not be offered, sold or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. The Notes may include Notes in bearer form that are subject 
to United States tax law requirements. Each purchaser of Restricted Notes will be deemed to 
have made the representations, warranties, acknowledgements and agreements that are 
described in this Base Prospectus under “−Transfer Restrictions”, page 11, below. Prospective 
Purchasers of Restricted Notes are hereby notified that sellers of the Restricted Notes may be 
relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 
144A.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / target market  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “EU MiFID II product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE 
FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS 
OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE. 
In relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, the Issuer has not authorised 
any offer or sale of such Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer. 
For so long as any of the Restricted Notes offered hereby remain outstanding and are “restricted 
securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act and the Issuer is neither 
subject to Section 13 or 15(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
“Exchange Act”), nor exempt from reporting under the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, the Issuer will furnish to any holder or beneficial owner of Restricted Notes and 
prospective purchasers of Restricted Notes designated by any such holder or beneficial owner of 
Restricted Notes, upon request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser, the 
information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other material relating to the Notes, see Chapter 
19. “Subscription and Sale”, page 367, below. 
CURRENCY 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to “£” and “sterling” are to the 
lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, 
references to “$” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United 
States of America, and references to “€” and “euro” are to the lawful currency of Member States 
of the European Economic and Monetary Union that have adopted the euro as their lawful 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty of Amsterdam. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements as defined under U.S. law 
(Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). These forward-
looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical or current 
facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as “target”, “expect”, “interim”, “believe”

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
or other words of similar meaning. By their nature, forward-looking statements are inherently 
predictive, speculative and involve risk and uncertainty. Accordingly, there are a number of factors 
that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not 
limited to (a) risks and uncertainties relating to the United Kingdom economy, changes in political 
and economic conditions or in specific industry segments; declines in property values; variations 
in supply of and demand for commercial office space or retail space (or commercial office space 
or retail space of (in each case) a particular type); declines in rental or occupancy rates; increases 
in interest rates; changes in rental terms including the tenants’ responsibility for operating 
expenses; falling turnover of those retail tenants who pay a rent wholly or partly calculated by 
reference to their turnover; fluctuation in the availability of property financing for properties such 
as the Mortgaged Properties and (b) such other risks and uncertainties detailed herein. All written 
and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Security Group and the Issuer or persons 
acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth 
in this paragraph. Prospective Noteholders are cautioned not to put undue reliance on such 
forward-looking statements. The Security Group and the Issuer will not undertake any obligation 
to publish any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events 
occurring after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Sub-Class of Notes, the person(s) (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s) in the 
relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months. In the event of any significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is 
no longer valid.  
Copies of any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be made available by the Issuer free of 
charge 
at 
its 
registered 
office, 
electronically 
at 
https://landsec.com/investors/debt-
investors/corporate-debt-structure and at the specified offices of its Paying Agents for the life of 
this Base Prospectus, commencing on the date of the issue of the supplement to this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank shall be incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the Land Securities Group PLC Annual Report for the financial years ending 31 March 
2021 and 31 March 2022 (which contain the audited financial statements of the Landsec 
Group), which are available for viewing at https://landsec.com/sites/default/files/2021-
06/Landsec_AR2021_Interactive_Final.pdf and https://landsec.com/sites/default/files/20
22-06/Landsec%20AR%202022%20Interactive_FINAL.pdf respectively, including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular:  
 
Financial year ending 
31 March 2021 
Financial year ending 
31 March 2022 
Independent Auditor’s Report .....  
Pages 146 to 153 
Pages 134 to 140 
Income Statement ......................  
Page 154 
Page 141 
Statement of comprehensive 
income ........................................  
Page 155 
Page 141 
Balance sheets ...........................  
Page 156 
Page 142 
Statements of changes  
in equity ......................................  
Page 157 
Page 143 
Statement of cash flows .............  
Page 158 to 204 
Page 144 
Notes to the  
financial statements ....................  
Pages 119 to 164 
Pages 145 to 197 
Alternative Performance 
Measures*...................................  
Page 227 
Page 211 
Glossary* ....................................  
Pages 239 to 240 
Pages 227 to 228 
 
* these sections of the Annual Report have not been audited 
(b) 
the audited financial statements of Land Securities Capital Markets PLC in respect of the 
financial years ending 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022 which are available for viewing 
at https://landsec.com/investors/debt-investors/corporate-debt-structure, including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular:

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Financial year ending 
31 March 2021 
Financial year ending 
31 March 2022 
Independent Auditor’s Report .....  
Pages 5 to 8 
Pages 5 to 8 
Statement of comprehensive 
income ........................................  
Page 9 
Page 9 
Balance sheet .............................  
Page 10 
Page 10 
Statement of changes  
in equity ......................................  
Page 11 
Page 11 
Notes to the  
financial statements ....................  
Pages 12 to 17 
Pages 12 to 18 
 
(c) 
the audited financial statements of LS Property Finance Company Limited in respect of 
the financial years ending 31 March 2021 and 31 March 2022 which are available for 
viewing 
at 
https://landsec.com/investors/debt-investors/corporate-debt-structure, 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Financial year ending 
31 March 2021 
Financial year ending 
31 March 2022 
Independent Auditor’s Report .....  
Pages 5 to 6 
Pages 5 to 7 
Statement of comprehensive 
income ........................................  
Page 7 
Page 8 
Balance sheet .............................  
Page 8 
Page 9 
Statement of changes  
in equity ......................................  
Page 9 
Page 10 
Notes to the  
financial statements ....................  
Pages 10 to 17 
Pages 11 to 19 
 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 
2 November 2004 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (pages 198-
230 (inclusive)), which is available for viewing at https://landsec.com/investorsdebt-
investors/corporate-debt-structure; 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 
18 September 2006 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (pages

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
209-244 (inclusive)) which is available for viewing at https://landsec.com/investorsdebt-
investors/corporate-debt-structure; 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 15 July 
2016 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (pages 227-268 
(inclusive)) which is available for viewing at https://landsec.com/investorsdebt-
investors/corporate-debt-structure; and 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 2 August 
2017 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme (pages 227-269 
(inclusive)) which is available for viewing at  https://landsec.com/investorsdebt-
investors/corporate-debt-structure. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either not relevant for an investor 
or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
 
Page 
Chapter 1 Transaction Overview 
18 
Chapter 2 Risk Factors 
42 
Chapter 3 Structure of the Transaction 
74 
Chapter 4 Description of the Principal Transaction Documents 
84 
A. 
Common Terms Agreement 
84 
B. 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
171 
C. 
Initial Standard Securities 
214 
D. 
Obligor Floating Charge Agreement 
214 
E. 
Trust Declarations and Beneficiary Undertakings 
214 
F. 
Intercompany Loan Agreement 
216 
G. 
Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement 
220 
H. 
Servicing Agreement 
225 
I. 
Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed 
228 
J. 
Hedging Arrangements 
229 
K. 
Tax Deed of Covenant 
232 
L. 
Issuer Deed of Charge 
233 
Chapter 5 Use of Proceeds 
237 
Chapter 6 The Issuer 
238 
Chapter 7 FinCo 
240 
Chapter 8 Land Securities Group PLC 
242 
Chapter 9 Main Obligors 
244 
A. 
Land Securities Plc 
244 
B. 
LS One New Change Limited 
244 
C. 
Blueco Limited 
245 
D. 
LS Hotels Limited 
246 
E. 
The City of London Real Property Company Limited 
247 
F. 
LS Cardinal Limited 
247 
G. 
Remaining Obligors 
248 
Chapter 10 Landsec Group Business and Information regarding the Estate 
249 
Chapter 11 Certain Legislative Considerations 
253

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Chapter 12 Valuation of the Estate 
257 
Chapter 13 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
258 
Chapter 14 Pro Forma Final Terms 
329 
Chapter 15 Form of the Notes 
349 
Chapter 16 Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
358 
Chapter 17 Description of the Swap Counterparties 
360 
Chapter 18 Taxation 
363 
Chapter 19 Subscription and Sale 
367 
Chapter 20 General Information 
375 
 
Schedules 
Schedule 1 Details of Obligors as at the Date of this Base Prospectus 
477 
Schedule 2 Regions 
482

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Chapter 1 
Transaction Overview 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Class of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of the Delegated Regulation. 
Overview of Parties  
Issuer: 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC is a public company with 
limited liability incorporated under the laws of England and 
Wales with registered number 05193511 and whose registered 
office is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL. On the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of the Issuer 
is £50,000, £49,998 of which is beneficially held by Land 
Securities PLC and £2 which is beneficially held by Land 
Securities Portfolio Management Limited. The ultimate parent 
for these companies is Land Securities Group PLC. 
 
The Issuer is a special purpose company with no employees 
or premises and limited permitted activities. Its principal 
activities comprise issuing Notes from time to time under the 
Programme and on-lending the proceeds thereof to FinCo 
pursuant to the Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (“LEI”): 
213800ZNMO2OSVLXAK89 
FinCo: 
LS Property Finance Company Limited is a private limited 
company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales 
with registered number 05163698 and whose registered office 
is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL. On the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of FinCo is 
£100, all of which is beneficially held by Land Securities PLC. 
 
FinCo’s principal activities comprise entering into the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement with the Issuer, ACF 
Agreements with ACF Providers, if applicable, Swap 
Agreements with the Swap Counterparties and, if applicable, 
Liquidity Facility Agreements with Liquidity Facility Providers, 
and, in each case, performing its obligations thereunder; and 
on-lending the proceeds of any loans from the Issuer or any 
ACF Provider to Land Securities (Finance) Limited (“LSF”) or 
any other Obligor.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
FinCo LEI: 
213800Q1EQWHUJR2SL22 
Land Securities PLC: 
Land Securities PLC is a public company with limited liability 
incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with 
registered number 00551412 and whose registered office is at 
100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the issued share capital of Land Securities 
PLC is £530,791,386 (divided into 530,791,385 ordinary 
shares of £1 each and 1 deferred ordinary share of £1), all of 
which is beneficially held by Land Securities Intermediate 
Limited (“HoldCo”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Land 
Securities Group PLC apart from one ordinary share, legal title 
to which is held by Land Securities Group PLC  
LS London Holdings One 
Limited 
LS London Holdings One Limited is a private limited company 
incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 
06452679 and whose registered office is at 100 Victoria Street, 
London SW1E 5JL. The issued share capital of LS London 
Holdings One Limited is £1,002,500,000, all of which is 
beneficially held by Land Securities PLC.  
HoldCo: 
Land Securities Intermediate Limited is a private limited 
company incorporated in England and Wales with registered 
number 05075691 and whose registered office is at 
100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL. The issued share 
capital of HoldCo is £1,000,002, all of which is beneficially held 
by Land Securities Group PLC.  
Land Securities (Finance) 
Limited: 
Land Securities (Finance) Limited is a private limited company 
incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 
00680609 and whose registered office is at 100 Victoria Street, 
London SW1E 5JL. The issued share capital of Land 
Securities (Finance) Limited is £500,000,002, which is divided 
into £500,000,001 ordinary shares which is beneficially held 
by Land Securities PLC and 1 ordinary share held by Land 
Securities Portfolio Management Limited.  
Security Group: 
The Security Group (being HoldCo and its subsidiaries except 
the Issuer) comprises the Obligors listed in Schedule 1 (Details 
of Obligors as at the Date of this Base Prospectus) to this Base 
Prospectus, page 379, below, together with any Additional 
Obligors, in each case unless and until such entities have 
become Released Obligors. 
 
Each of the Obligors (in the case of any Additional Obligor, 
upon accession to the Common Terms Agreement, the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement, the Tax Deed of Covenant, the Servicing

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Agreement and the Account Bank and Cash Management 
Agreement and execution of the relevant Obligor Security 
Documents) has granted (or will grant) security in favour of the 
Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed and the Issuer pursuant to the Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement. 
Land Securities Group 
PLC: 
Land Securities Group PLC is a public company with limited 
liability incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with 
registered number 04369054 and whose registered office is at 
100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL, the ordinary share 
capital of which is listed by the Financial Conduct Authority and 
is traded on the London Stock Exchange.   
 
Land Securities Group PLC is the ultimate parent of the 
Landsec Group. 
The Landsec Group and 
Non-Restricted Group: 
The Landsec Group comprises Land Securities Group PLC 
and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries (including the 
Issuer and the Obligors). Any member of the Landsec Group 
that is neither the Issuer nor an Obligor is a Non Restricted 
Group Entity. 
 
None of the Non-Restricted Group Entities provides 
guarantees in respect of FinCo’s or any other Obligor’s 
obligations under the Intercompany Loan Agreement or under 
any ACF Agreement. The Notes are not obligations or 
responsibilities of, and are not being guaranteed by, Land 
Securities Group PLC or any other Non-Restricted Group 
Entity. 
Note Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, whose registered office 
is at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London 
EC2N 2DB, has been appointed as trustee for the holders from 
time to time of the Notes pursuant to the Trust Deed. The Note 
Trustee also holds the security granted by the Issuer under the 
Issuer Deed of Charge on trust for all of the Issuer Secured 
Creditors. 
 
The Trust Deed provides that the Note Trustee may retire by 
giving not less than three months’ notice to the Issuer of its 
intention to do so or may be removed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes. 
Such retirement or removal will be effective once a successor 
Note Trustee has been appointed by the Issuer. If the Issuer 
has not procured a successor Note Trustee within 30 days of

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
expiry of the notice of the Note Trustee’s intention to retire, the 
Note Trustee may procure a successor Note Trustee. 
Obligor Security Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, whose registered office 
is at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London 
EC2N 2DB, is appointed as security trustee pursuant to the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. The Obligor Security 
Trustee holds the security granted by the Obligors under each 
of the Obligor Security Documents (other than the Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement) on trust for all Obligor Secured 
Creditors. 
 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the 
Obligor Security Trustee may retire by giving not less than 
three months’ notice to the Obligors of its intention to do so or 
may be removed by way of a Secured Creditor Instruction. 
Such retirement or removal will be effective once a successor 
Obligor Security Trustee has been appointed by the Obligor 
Secured Creditors. If the Obligor Secured Creditors have not 
procured a successor Obligor Security Trustee within 30 days 
of expiry of the notice of the Obligor Security Trustee’s 
intention to retire, the Obligor Security Trustee may procure a 
successor Obligor Security Trustee. 
Account Bank: 
Lloyds Bank plc, acting through its City Office branch at Bailey 
Drive, Gillingham Business Park, Gillingham, Kent ME8 0LS, 
is appointed as account bank to the Issuer, FinCo and the 
other Obligors and maintains certain accounts on behalf of 
each of the Issuer, FinCo and the other Obligors pursuant to 
the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement. 
 
The Issuer is required under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement to maintain the Issuer Account with a 
bank which has at least the Minimum Short Term Ratings and 
the Minimum Long Term Ratings. Lloyds Bank plc has, on the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Minimum Short Term Ratings 
and the Minimum Long Term Ratings.  
Cash Manager: 
Land Securities (Finance) Limited, a member of the Security 
Group, whose registered office is at 100 Victoria Street, 
London SW1E 5JL, is appointed as cash manager to the 
Obligors and the Issuer and provides cash management 
services to the Obligors and the Issuer pursuant to the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement. 
Servicer: 
Land Securities Properties Limited, a member of the Non-
Restricted Group, whose registered office is at 100 Victoria 
Street, London SW1E 5JL, is appointed to provide certain

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
services to the Security Group pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
Swap Counterparties: 
Certain financial institutions act as swap counterparties under 
Swap Agreements into which the Obligors will enter, or have 
already entered (the “Swap Agreements”), to manage the 
Security Group’s interest rate and currency exposure. 
 
The Obligors are required to ensure that any swap agreement 
entered into in connection with their floating rate and/or 
currency liabilities is entered into with an entity having the 
Swap Counterparty Minimum Short Term Ratings and the 
Swap Counterparty Minimum Long Term Ratings. 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of China Limited, London 
Branch, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc, NatWest Markets Plc and 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited act as dealers pursuant 
to the Dealership Agreement, either generally with respect to 
the Programme or in relation to a particular Sub Class, Class 
or Series of Notes (other than any Class R Notes).  
ACF Providers: 
The lenders who have provided or will provide a credit facility 
to FinCo pursuant to an ACF Agreement. 
Principal Paying Agent and 
Agent Bank: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, acting through its office 
at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London 
EC2N 2DB, provides certain services to the Issuer as principal 
paying agent and agent bank pursuant to the terms of the 
Agency Agreement. 
Irish Paying Agent: 
Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited, acting through its office 
at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, 
Dublin D01 P767, acts as the Irish paying agent pursuant to 
the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
Registrars: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and Equiniti Limited 
act as registrars and provide certain registrar services to the 
Issuer in respect of Registered Notes pursuant to the terms of 
the Agency Agreement. 
Transfer Agents: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch acts as the principal 
transfer agent and, together with any other Transfer Agents 
appointed pursuant to the Agency Agreement, provides certain 
transfer agency services to the Issuer in respect of Registered 
Notes pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets plc, acting through its office at 250 
Bishopsgate, London EC2M 4AA, acts as sole arranger of the 
Programme.  
The members of the Landsec Group are related to each other as set out above and as indicated 
in the diagram “Corporate Structure of the Landsec Group”, page 60. None of the members of 
the Landsec Group is owned or controlled by any of the Note Trustee, the Obligor Security 
Trustee, the Account Bank, the Dealers, existing ACF Providers, the Principal Paying Agent 
and Agent Bank, the Irish Paying Agents, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents or the Arranger. 
Key Documents 
Common Terms 
Agreement: 
The Issuer, FinCo, all other Obligors, the Note Trustee, the 
Obligor Security Trustee, all Initial ACF Providers and the other 
Obligor Secured Creditors, on the Exchange Date, entered 
into a Common Terms Agreement, which sets out, among 
other things: 
 
(a) 
a common covenants package for the Obligors and 
the mechanism for determining which covenants form 
part of such covenants package at any time (see “— 
Determining the Applicable Covenant Regime” and 
subsequent sections, page 133 et seq., below); 
 
(b) 
the procedures for the accession of Additional 
Obligors to, and the release of existing Obligors from, 
the Security Group (see “— The Security Group”, page 
85, below) and for Further ACF Providers and other 
Obligor Secured Creditors to accede to the Common 
Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed (see the section entitled “— 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, below); 
 
(c) 
the procedures relating to the introduction, Disposal 
and intra-Security Group transfer of Mortgaged 
Properties (see “— The Estate”, page 89, below); and
 
(d) 
the circumstances in which the Obligors may incur 
further Secured Financial Indebtedness and Obligors 
(other than FinCo) may incur Unsecured Debt from 
credit providers, who will not, in relation to such 
Unsecured Debt, have the benefit of the Obligor 
Security nor be bound by the intercreditor provisions 
contained in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
(see “— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, 
below).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed: 
The Issuer, FinCo, all other Obligors, Land Securities Group 
PLC, the Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee and all 
Initial ACF Providers, on the Exchange Date, entered into a 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed which, inter alia, contains 
provisions setting out intercreditor rights and obligations and 
which regulates the application of the proceeds of the Obligor 
Security as between the Obligor Secured Creditors. 
 
See further “— Security granted by the Security Group”, page 
28, below and “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 
171, below. 
Intercompany Loan 
Agreement: 
The Issuer, FinCo, the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note 
Trustee, on the Exchange Date, entered into an agreement 
which sets out the terms on which the Issuer would from time 
to time lend to FinCo an amount equal to the principal amount 
of Sub-Classes of Notes issued under the Programme from 
time to time. The principal amount of each ICL Loan under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement will correspond to the principal 
amount of a Sub-Class of Notes, the economic terms of which 
will be matched by such ICL Loan (save that the rate of interest 
payable in respect of each ICL Loan under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement will exceed that payable in respect of the 
corresponding Sub-Class of Notes by 0.01% per annum). 
 
The obligations of FinCo under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement are secured pursuant to the Obligor Security 
Documents and guaranteed by the other Obligors under the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. See further “— Security 
granted by the Security Group”, page 28, below. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations to repay principal and pay interest on 
the Notes are intended to be met exclusively from the 
payments of principal and interest received from FinCo under 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
 
For a more detailed description of the ICL Loans under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement and the terms relating thereto, 
see “— Intercompany Loan Agreement”, page 216, below. 
Existing ACF Agreements: 
FinCo entered into several credit facility agreements with the 
Existing ACF Providers. The total facility amount under the 
Existing ACF Agreements at the date of this Base Prospectus 
is £2,715,000,000.  
 
See – “— Existing ACF Agreements”, page 404, below.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Further ACF Agreements: 
FinCo or any of the other Obligors may enter into credit and 
other facility agreements, pursuant to which Secured Financial 
Indebtedness may be incurred, which the relevant Obligor has 
designated as “Further ACF Agreements” and each of the 
credit providers under which has acceded or is intended to 
accede to the Common Terms Agreement and the Security 
Trust and Intercreditor Deed in its capacity as an ACF Provider.
 
See “— Further ACF Agreements”, page 104, below and “–
Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, below. 
Liquidity Facility 
Agreements: 
FinCo may become obliged in certain circumstances to enter 
into one or more Liquidity Facility Agreements with one or 
more Liquidity Facility Providers pursuant to which such 
Liquidity Facility Provider(s) will agree to make available to 
FinCo (subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions to be 
agreed with the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider(s)) Liquidity 
Facilities (i) to meet certain of its payment obligations in 
respect of ACF Loans and ICL Loans and certain other 
obligations ranking senior thereto and (ii) to on-lend amounts 
to any other Obligor in order to enable such Obligor to meet its 
payment obligations in respect of ACF Loans and certain other 
obligations ranking senior thereto, in each case to the extent 
that there are insufficient funds available for the relevant 
purpose (see “— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, 
below). Alternatively, FinCo may comply with its obligations to 
provide liquidity by creating a separate liquidity reserve for that 
purpose. FinCo’s obligations to any Liquidity Facility Provider 
will be secured pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents. 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, no Liquidity Facility has 
been entered into. 
Swap Agreements: 
The Obligors have agreed under the Common Terms 
Agreement to comply with the Hedging Covenant, which 
requires the Obligors, among other things, to ensure that as of 
each Scheduled Calculation Date and Additional Calculation 
Date: 
 
(a) 
if the T1 Covenant Regime or T2 Covenant Regime 
applies, interest on the Non-Contingent Loans is 
hedged at least to the following extent:

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
YEARS FROM DATE OF 
TESTING 
INTEREST PAYMENTS 
SCHEDULED TO BE PAID 
BY THE SECURITY GROUP 
BY REFERENCE TO 
ADJUSTED PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT OUTSTANDING 
 
0 to 2 
2+ 
75% 
50% 
 
(b) 
if a T3 Covenant Regime applies, interest on the Non 
Contingent Loans is hedged at least to the following 
extent: 
 
YEARS FROM DATE OF 
TESTING 
INTEREST PAYMENTS 
SCHEDULED TO BE PAID 
BY THE SECURITY GROUP 
BY REFERENCE TO 
ADJUSTED PRINCIPAL 
AMOUNT OUTSTANDING 
 
0 to 5 
5 to 10 
10+ 
90% 
75% 
50% 
 
(c) 
at any time, the Security Group’s net currency 
exposure is fully hedged into sterling (subject to an 
aggregate £50,000,000, (subject to Indexation), or its 
spot 
equivalent 
in 
the 
relevant 
currency/ies, 
de minimis) where the “net currency exposure” of 
the Security Group (where positive) means the 
aggregate amount of its Financial Indebtedness which 
is denominated in a currency other than sterling 
(subject to certain exclusions described in more detail 
in “— Swap Agreements and Hedging Covenant”, 
page 113 below), less the aggregate value of its 
assets which are denominated in the relevant currency 
or situated in the relevant currency zone.  
 
FinCo has entered into Swap Agreements which (to the extent 
required by the Hedging Covenant) hedge the Security 
Group’s interest rate risk arising as a result of any Obligor, 
including FinCo, being required to pay a floating rate of interest 
on any Non-Contingent Loan, including Floating Rate ICL 
Loans and Floating Rate ACF Loans.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
FinCo’s obligations under the Swap Agreements are and will 
be secured pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents. 
 
See “— Hedging Arrangements”, page 229, below. 
Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement: 
The Issuer, FinCo, all other Obligors, the Obligor Security 
Trustee and the Note Trustee, on the Exchange Date, entered 
into an Obligor Floating Charge Agreement pursuant to which 
each Obligor granted in favour of the Issuer a first ranking 
floating charge over the whole of its undertaking, assets, 
property and rights whatsoever and wheresoever, present and 
future. 
 
See further “— Security granted by the Security Group”, page 
28, below and “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 
171, below and “— Obligor Floating Charge Agreement”, page 
214, below. 
Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement: 
The Issuer, FinCo, the other Obligors, the Obligor Security 
Trustee, the Note Trustee, the Cash Manager and the Account 
Bank, on the Exchange Date, entered into an Account Bank 
and Cash Management Agreement pursuant to which, 
amongst other things, the Account Bank agreed to maintain 
the Accounts and the Cash Manager was appointed to act as 
cash manager in respect of amounts standing from time to 
time to the credit of the Accounts. 
 
See further “— Account Bank and Cash Management 
Agreement”, page 220, below. 
Servicing Agreement: 
The Servicer, FinCo, the other Obligors, the Issuer, the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the Note Trustee, on the Exchange Date, 
entered into a Servicing Agreement pursuant to which the 
Servicer agreed to provide certain services to the Obligors and 
the Issuer. 
 
See further “— Servicing Agreement”, page 225, below. 
Trust Declarations and 
Beneficiary Undertakings: 
Certain Obligors who are partners in partnerships, on the 
Exchange Date, entered into certain trust arrangements in 
respect of the Mortgaged Properties and gave certain 
undertakings to the Obligor Security Trustee. 
 
See 
further 
“— 
Trust 
Declarations 
and 
Beneficiary 
Undertakings”, page 214, below. 
Tax Deed of Covenant: 
The Issuer, FinCo, the other Obligors, Land Securities Group 
PLC, the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee, on

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
the Exchange Date, entered into the Tax Deed of Covenant to 
support their obligations under the Transaction Documents 
and pursuant to which they gave certain representations, 
warranties and covenants relating to tax matters. 
 
See further “— Tax Deed of Covenant”, page 232, below. 
Land Securities Intra-group 
Funding Deed: 
Under the Land Securities Intra-group Funding Deed entered 
into on the Exchange Date, the Obligors (other than FinCo) 
and certain Non-Restricted Group Entities have agreed that all 
payments and loans made between the Security Group and 
the Non-Restricted Group shall be made through Land 
Securities (Finance) Limited in the Security Group and Land 
Securities Properties Limited in the Non-Restricted Group. 
This results in all amounts owing by the Security Group (other 
than FinCo) to the Non-Restricted Group, and vice versa, 
being obligations of Land Securities (Finance) Limited and 
Land Securities Properties Limited only. Amounts owing 
between these two companies may also, subject to certain 
exceptions, be netted to provide for a single amount to be 
owed by the Security Group to the Non-Restricted Group (or 
vice versa). 
Security granted by the Security Group 
Security granted by the 
Security Group: 
The obligations of FinCo under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement and the obligations of the Obligors under the other 
Obligor Transaction Documents are secured in favour of the 
Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed, the Standard Securities and the other 
Obligor Security Documents (other than the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement granted in favour of the Issuer). Such 
security includes: 
 
(a) 
first ranking charges by way of legal mortgage (or, in 
the case of real estate properties in Scotland, 
Standard Securities) over the freehold, heritable and 
leasehold interests of the Obligors as at the Exchange 
Date and (subject to the paragraph below) equitable 
mortgages over all such interests acquired after that 
date; 
 
(b) 
first ranking fixed charges over all of the other 
property, undertaking and assets of the Obligors; 
 
(c) 
first ranking floating charges over all the property, 
undertaking and assets of each Obligor (other than

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
any Obligor which is a partnership or is not a body 
corporate); and 
 
(d) 
certain non-property assets have also been charged, 
as Further Credit Assets. In the case of interests in a 
partnership: 
 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over all of the Obligor’s 
partnership interests; and 
 
(ii) 
a first fixed charge over the shares that the 
relevant Obligor holds in the general partner 
of the partnership. 
 
The Obligors may, from time to time, in accordance with the 
terms of the Common Terms Agreement (as described in “— 
The Estate”, page 89, below), bring further real estate 
properties or Reintroduced Properties into the Estate by 
granting, in respect of each of these properties, a first ranking 
charge by way of legal mortgage (in case of real estate 
property in England and Wales) or Standard Securities (in the 
case of a real estate property in Scotland) or, in the case of a 
Non-GB Property, a security interest, the form of which is to be 
agreed with the Obligor Security Trustee. 
  
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed also expressly 
permits the Security Group to deal freely with its assets, save 
to the extent that it is restricted by the provisions set out in the 
Obligor Transaction Documents and the existence of security 
interests over the Mortgaged Properties from, inter alia, 
disposing of real estate assets, disposing of shares in 
members of the Security Group and making withdrawals from 
certain bank accounts (see further “— Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, below). 
 
In addition, each Obligor, under the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed, guarantees the payment obligations of 
each other Obligor under the Obligor Transaction Documents.
 
The Obligor Security Trustee holds the benefit of the security 
created in its favour pursuant to the Obligor Security 
Documents (other than, in the case of the Issuer, the benefit of 
the floating charges contained in the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed) on trust for the benefit of itself, any receiver 
appointed thereunder, the Issuer, each ACF Provider, each 
Swap Counterparty, any Replacement Cash Manager, any 
Replacement Servicer, the Account Bank, any Liquidity Facility 
Provider (which in each case is party to or has acceded to the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed) and any other Obligor Secured Creditors, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
On the Exchange Date, the Obligors also created first ranking 
floating charges over all the property, undertakings and assets 
of each Obligor in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement. 
 
The Issuer has assigned its rights under, inter alia, the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed and the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement 
to the Note Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
Therefore, so long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuer’s 
rights under these documents will be exercised solely by the 
Note Trustee. 
 
For a more detailed description of the provisions contained in 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and the Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement, see “— Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, below and “— Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement”, page 214, below. 
The Programme 
Amount and Title: 
The Issuer may, under the Programme, issue Class A Notes, 
Class R1 Notes, Class B Notes, Class R2 Notes and 
Subordinated Notes of any Class or Classes designated as 
ranking below the Class B Notes in a maximum aggregate 
principal amount of £7,000,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
in other currencies (provided, in the case of Class R Notes, 
that the Issuer has entered into a Class R Underwriting 
Agreement). (As to the designation of the ranking of a Class of 
Subordinated Notes, see “— Debt Ranking”, page 78, below 
and “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, below.
 
The Issuer may from time to time change the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealership 
Agreement. 
Class A Notes: 
All of the Class A Notes are designated in the relevant Final 
Terms as Priority 1 Notes and therefore rank in point of security 
pari passu and pro rata as between themselves and prior to 
any other Class of Notes. The corresponding ICL Loans rank 
in point of security as Priority 1 Debt of the Security Group 
under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Issue Dates: 
Issue Dates will fall on such dates as may be agreed between 
the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and/or (in the case of any 
Class R Notes) the Class R Underwriters from time to time. 
Issuance in Series and 
Sub-Classes: 
Notes issued on the same date will comprise a Series. Each 
Series may comprise one or more non-fungible Classes or 
(other than the Class R Notes) Sub-Classes. The Notes will be 
classed in the relevant Final Terms and thereby be accorded 
a particular priority ranking in point of security. The Notes will 
be Class A Notes (or a Sub-Class thereof), Class B Notes (or 
a Sub-Class thereof), Class R1 Notes, Class R2 Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (split into Classes and Sub-Classes as 
necessary). The Class A Notes are, and any Class R1 Notes 
will be, Priority 1 Notes and any Class B Notes and Class R2 
Notes will be Priority 2 Notes. 
 
The Issuer may make further issues of Notes on identical 
terms to an existing Sub-Class save for the first Note Payment 
Date and on terms that such further issue of Notes will be 
fungible with such existing Sub-Class. Any such further Notes 
of a Sub-Class issued on any Issue Date will rank pari passu 
and pro rata with all Notes of such Sub-Class issued as part of 
any other Series. 
 
The specific terms of each Sub-Class of Notes will be set out 
in the Final Terms applicable to such Sub-Class of Notes. 
Form of Notes: 
Each Sub-Class of Notes will be issued in bearer and/or 
registered form as described in Chapter 15 “Form of the 
Notes”, page 349, below, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. See further Chapter 15 “Form of the 
Notes”, page 349, below. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Bearer Notes: 
Each Sub-Class of Notes (or part thereof) issued in bearer 
form will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note or 
a Permanent Global Note, which, in either case, will: (a) if the 
Temporary Global Note or the Permanent Global Note as the 
case may be is intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated 
in the relevant Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes to a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
(“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”); and (b) if the Temporary Global Note or 
Permanent Global Note, as the case may be, is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes to a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream,

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Luxembourg. 
Each 
Temporary 
Global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes with (if the 
Notes bear interest) Coupons and (if applicable) Talons for 
further Coupons attached. If the TEFRA D Rules are specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, certification as 
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent 
to any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note (or, as the case may 
be, Definitive Notes) or receipt of any payment of interest in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes with (if the 
Notes bear interest) Coupons and (if applicable) Talons 
attached in the circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note. See further Chapter 16 “Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Notes while in Global Form”, page 358, below. 
Registered Notes: 
For each Sub-Class of Notes issued in registered form, the 
Issuer will deliver a Regulation S Global Note Certificate 
and/or a Rule 144A Global Certificate to a depositary or 
common depositary or common safekeeper (if Registered 
Notes are intended to be held under the NSS (as defined 
below)) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any other relevant 
clearing system. Regulation S Global Note Certificates and 
Rule 144A Global Certificates will be exchangeable only for 
Individual Note Certificates and only in the limited 
circumstances specified in the relevant Regulation S Global 
Note Certificate or Rule 144A Global Certificate (as 
appropriate) and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Restricted Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A to persons that 
are QIBs acting for their own accounts or the accounts of other 
persons that are QIBs will be represented by Rule 144A Global 
Certificates, which will be deposited with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial 
interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may only be held 
through, and transfers thereof will only be effected through, 
records maintained by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or their participants (as applicable) at any time. The Rule 144A 
Global Certificates will bear a legend to the effect that such 
Rule 144A Global Certificates, or any interest therein, may only 
be transferred in compliance with the transfer restrictions set 
out in such legend. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The minimum denomination of each 
Note will be such as may be allowed or required from time to

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant currency but in 
any case will be at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency). 
Status and Ranking: 
Each Class of Notes will be constituted by the Trust Deed and 
will be secured by the Issuer Security created under the Issuer 
Deed of Charge. 
 
The Notes will constitute secured, direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated (other than as regards ranking of different 
Classes of Notes) obligations of the Issuer. Each Sub-Class of 
a Class of Notes will rank pari passu and pro rata without 
preference or priority in point of security among all other Sub 
Classes of that Class of Notes. 
 
Other than as described in the sections entitled “— Mandatory 
Redemption on Prepayment or Acceleration under the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 40, below, and “— 
Optional Redemption for Taxation Reasons”, page 39, below, 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes (other than 
in relation to any Note Step-Up Amounts) will rank in the 
following order in point of security: 
 
(a) 
first, pro rata and pari passu among themselves, the 
Priority 1 Notes; 
 
(b) 
second, pro rata and pari passu among themselves, 
the Priority 2 Notes; and 
 
(c) 
thereafter, the Subordinated Notes. 
 
The precise ranking of each Class of Subordinated Notes 
vis-à-vis any other Class of Subordinated Notes will be agreed 
and designated in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement and will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
However, each Sub-Class of a Class of Subordinated Notes 
will rank pari passu and pro rata without preference or priority 
in point of security among all other Sub-Classes of that Class 
of Subordinated Notes (see “— Debt Ranking”, page 78, 
below, below and “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, 
page 106, below). 
 
The payment of any Note Step-Up Amount is subordinated to 
payments of interest and repayments and prepayments of 
principal on each Class of Notes and failure to pay any such 
Note Step-Up Amount will not constitute an Issuer Event of 
Default. The holders of the Notes will be entitled to receive

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
payments of Note Step-Up Amounts on their respective Notes 
on any Note Payment Date only to the extent that the Issuer 
has funds available for the purpose after making payments on 
such Note Payment Date of all liabilities which are due and 
payable on that date and which rank in priority to the liability to 
pay Note Step-Up Amounts on such Class of Notes. 
 
The holders of any Sub-Class of Notes which are not the Most 
Senior Class of Notes will be entitled to receive payments of 
principal and interest on such Notes on any Note Payment 
Date only to the extent that the Issuer has funds available for 
the purpose after making payment on such Note Payment 
Date of any payment due and payable on that date in respect 
of the More Senior Notes and of all other liabilities which are 
due and payable on that date and rank in priority to such 
Notes, all as provided in Condition 6(a) (Interest Rate and 
Accrual) and Condition 8(j) (Subordination of principal), and in 
the Issuer Deed of Charge and as described below in “— 
Issuer Deed of Charge”, page 233, below. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes as set out 
above will, prior to the enforcement of the Issuer Security, 
depend on the amounts due and payable on the Notes on any 
particular Note Payment Date. Accordingly, interest and 
principal on any Lower Ranking Notes relative to any Sub-
Class of Notes which is due and payable on a Note Payment 
Date may be paid prior to interest and principal which is due 
and payable on such Sub Class of Notes if there are no such 
amounts due and payable in respect of such Sub-Class of 
Notes on such date. 
Security for the Notes and 
other Secured Obligations: 
The Notes will be secured by first ranking security created 
pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge. The Note Trustee 
holds the benefit of such security on trust for itself, the 
Noteholders, any receiver appointed under the Issuer Deed of 
Charge, the Account Bank, any Cash Manager and any 
Replacement Cash Manager (so long as they are not 
members of the Landsec Group), the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents, the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank and any other 
creditors who accede to the Issuer Deed of Charge from time 
to time in accordance with the terms thereof (the “Issuer 
Secured Creditors”). 
 
The Issuer Deed of Charge creates first ranking security 
interests over, among other things, the Issuer’s rights in 
respect of the Issuer Accounts, the Issuer’s rights under the 
Issuer Transaction Documents (other than the Trust Deed and 
the Issuer Deed of Charge) and the Obligor Transaction

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
Documents to which the Issuer is a party (in particular, the 
Common Terms Agreement, 
the 
Security Trust 
and 
Intercreditor Deed and the Intercompany Loan Agreement) 
(see “— Issuer Deed of Charge”, page 233, below). 
 
The Notes will also be secured by a first ranking floating 
charge in favour of the Note Trustee (on behalf of itself and the 
Issuer Secured Creditors) over all the assets and undertaking 
of the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer also has the benefit of the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement as described in “— Security granted by the 
Security Group”, page 28, above. However, any proceeds 
arising from the enforcement of the security contained in the 
Obligor Floating Charge Agreement shall be shared between 
the Issuer and the other Obligor Secured Creditors by applying 
such proceeds towards the applicable Security Group Priority 
of Payments as set out in the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed. 
 
Certain other obligations of the Issuer (including the amounts 
owing to the Note Trustee under the Trust Deed to any receiver 
appointed under the Issuer Deed of Charge, to the Account 
Bank and any Replacement Cash Manager under the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement and to the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agents, the Paying Agents and the Agent Bank 
under the Agency Agreement) are also secured by the Issuer 
Security. 
 
For a more detailed description of the provisions of the Issuer 
Deed of Charge, including the priority of payments by the 
Issuer both prior and subsequent to the enforcement of the 
security thereunder (see “— Issuer Deed of Charge”, page 
233, below). 
Powers of Noteholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions limiting the powers of the 
holders of any Notes that are not the Most Senior Class of 
Notes, among other things, to pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution or to request or direct the Note Trustee to take any 
action which may affect the interests of a class of Noteholders 
ranking in priority in point of security thereto. 
 
Pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, the Trust 
Deed and the Conditions, Noteholders may also (by instructing 
the Note Trustee) participate in Debtholders’ Meetings called 
for the purpose of instructing the Obligor Security Trustee (by

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
way of a Secured Creditor Instruction) to take certain actions 
(see “— Intercreditor arrangements”, page 180, below). 
Conflict of Interest Among 
Noteholders: 
The Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the Note Trustee 
to, unless otherwise provided, have regard to the interests of 
the holders of all Classes of outstanding Notes as if they 
formed a single class. However, where there is, in the Note 
Trustee’s opinion, a conflict between the interests of the 
holders of two or more Classes of outstanding Notes, the Trust 
Deed requires the Note Trustee to have regard solely to the 
interests of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then 
outstanding. 
Interest: 
Notes (other than Zero Coupon Notes) will, unless otherwise 
specified in the Conditions, be interest-bearing and interest will 
be calculated (unless otherwise specified in the Conditions) on 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of each such Note. Interest 
will accrue at a fixed or floating rate and will be payable in 
arrear, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, at such rate as 
may be so specified and in the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated. In addition, in the case of Indexed Notes, 
interest will be adjusted for Indexation by reference to the 
relevant Index Ratio. 
 
Interest will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction (as defined in the Conditions) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and (in the case of all Notes other than 
Class R Notes) the relevant Dealers or (in the case of any 
Class R Notes) the Class R Underwriters, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Failure by the Issuer to pay interest on the Most Senior Class 
of Notes when due and payable may result in the Note Trustee 
enforcing the Issuer Security. To the extent that funds available 
to the Issuer on any Note Payment Date, after paying interest 
then due and payable on the More Senior Classes of Notes, 
are insufficient to pay in full interest otherwise due on any one 
or more Classes of Lower Ranking Notes then outstanding, 
the shortfall in the amount then due will not be paid on such 
Note Payment Date but will only be paid (together with interest 
accrued thereon) on any subsequent Note Payment Date to 
the extent that amounts are available to the Issuer for such 
purpose after the Issuer’s other higher priority liabilities have 
been paid.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
The non-payment of any interest of any Class or Classes of 
Notes ranking below the Most Senior Class of Notes shall not 
constitute an Issuer Event of Default. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate, 
such rate to be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers and specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The interest rate in respect of a particular Sub-Class of Fixed 
Rate Notes may be subject to an increased margin on a 
specified date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes which bear interest at a floating 
rate. Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate set 
separately for each Sub-Class as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms either on the basis of a reference rate 
appearing on an agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service or on the same basis as the floating rate 
under a notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
currency governed by an agreement incorporating either the 
2000 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions (as 
amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Series 
of Notes of the relevant Sub-Class as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.), as 
adjusted for any applicable Margin (as defined in the 
Conditions) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The interest rate in respect of a particular Sub-Class of 
Floating Rate Notes may be subject to an increased margin as 
from a specified date or dates, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
Class R Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes pursuant to a Class R 
Underwriting Agreement (see “— B. 
Class R Underwriting 
Agreements”, page 367, below). 
Indexed Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amounts 
payable (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) will be calculated by 
reference to such index as the Issuer and the relevant Dealers 
may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Notes which do not bear interest and 
may be sold at a discount to their nominal amount, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Rate Step-Up: 
The Final Terms in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes may 
specify that, from and including the date which is two years 
prior to the Maturity Date of such Sub-Class of Notes, the 
interest rate in respect of such Sub-Class of Notes 
(irrespective of whether they are specified in the Final Terms 
as Floating Rate Notes, Fixed Rate Notes, Indexed Notes or 
Zero Coupon Notes) will be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Conditions as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms. No early redemption premium will be payable in 
respect of any Notes of such nature during such final two 
years. The ratings of the Rating Agencies do not address the 
likelihood of payment of any step-up amounts. 
Note Payment Dates and 
Note Interest Periods: 
Interest on the Notes will be payable by reference to 
successive interest periods on the payment dates specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Each successive Note Interest Period will commence on (and 
include) a Note Payment Date and end on (but exclude) the 
following Note Payment Date, except that the first Note 
Interest Period in respect of a Sub-Class of Notes will 
commence on (and include) the relevant Issue Date and end 
on (but exclude) the Note Payment Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Withholding Tax: 
Payments of interest, principal and premium (if any) on the 
Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any tax unless required by law (whether in the 
United Kingdom or elsewhere). None of the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent or any other person will be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts to Noteholders (or, if Definitive Notes are issued, 
Couponholders) in respect of any amounts required to be 
withheld or deducted. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Final Redemption: 
Notes may be issued for any maturity as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
Prior to their stated final maturity, the Notes will be redeemable 
in whole or in part at the option of the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 8(b) (Optional Redemption) at their Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest on the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Notes up to (but 
excluding) the Note Payment Date on which such redemption 
occurs. 
Optional Redemption as 
Result of Ratings Event: 
If a Ratings Event occurs at any time, the Issuer may, subject 
to a Noteholders’ Affirmation and the satisfaction of certain 
conditions set out in Condition 8(c) (Optional Redemption as 
Result of Ratings Event) in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, 
redeem such Sub-Class of Notes in whole at their Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued but unpaid interest on the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Sub-Class of Notes up 
to (but excluding) the respective Note Payment Dates on 
which such redemption occurs. 
Optional Redemption for 
Index Event: 
Upon the occurrence of certain Index Events, the Issuer may, 
in accordance with Condition 8(d)(i) (Optional Redemption for 
Index Event or Taxation Reasons), redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Indexed Notes at the Redemption Amount, 
together with accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Notes up to (but excluding) the 
respective Note Payment Dates on which such redemption 
occurs. 
Optional Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons: 
If the Issuer at any time satisfies the Note Trustee that: 
 
(a) 
any change in tax law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof) requires or will require the 
Issuer to make any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any United Kingdom tax from payments in 
respect of the Notes (although the Issuer will not have 
any obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of 
such withholding or deduction); or 
 
(b) 
FinCo is obliged to increase any sum payable by it to 
the Issuer under the Intercompany Loan Agreement 
as a result of FinCo being required by a change in tax 
law (or the application or official interpretation thereof) 
to make a withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any United Kingdom tax from that payment, 
 
then the Issuer may, in accordance with Condition 8(d)(ii) 
(Optional Redemption for Index Event or Taxation Reasons), 
redeem (without premium or penalty) all (but not some only) of 
the Notes at their Principal Amount Outstanding, together with 
accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Outstanding of such Notes up to (but excluding) the respective 
Note Payment Dates on which such redemption occurs.  
Mandatory Redemption on 
Prepayment or 
Acceleration under the 
Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed: 
If the Issuer receives any monies in Actual Prepayment of all 
or any ICL Loan under the Intercompany Loan Agreement 
either pursuant to the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre 
Acceleration) Priority of Payments, the Security Group Post 
Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments or the 
exercise of the P1 ICL Call Option (see “— P1 ICL Call Option”, 
page 194, below), or other than pursuant to the optional 
redemption provisions set out in Condition 8(b) (Optional 
Redemption), 8(c) (Optional Redemption as Result of Ratings 
Event) or 8(d) (Optional Redemption for Index Event or 
Taxation Reasons), the Issuer shall apply a principal amount 
equal to any amount by which the corresponding ICL Loan 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreement is Actually Prepaid 
towards redemption of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes in 
accordance with Condition 8(e) (Mandatory Redemption on 
Prepayment or Acceleration under the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed). Such redemption will, subject to the terms 
of Condition 8(e) (Mandatory Redemption on Prepayment or 
Acceleration under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed), 
be made on the Note Payment Date of the relevant Sub-Class 
of Notes falling after such Actual Prepayment. 
 
Any Note to be wholly or partly redeemed will be redeemed at 
its Principal Amount Outstanding, together with accrued but 
unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding of such 
Note up to (but excluding) the Note Payment Date on which 
such redemption occurs or (where part only of the relevant ICL 
Loan has been Actually Prepaid) the proportion of the relevant 
Note which the Actual Prepayment amount bears to the 
amount of the relevant ICL Loan immediately prior to such 
Actual Prepayment. 
Purchases: 
Save for any Class R Notes (which will, save in certain limited 
circumstances, be required to be repurchased on each Note 
Payment Date), the Issuer may not purchase the Notes of any 
Class. 
 
FinCo or any other Obligor resident for tax purposes in the 
United Kingdom may at any time purchase Notes of any Class 
in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of the 
Common Terms Agreement. Any Notes purchased by FinCo 
may be surrendered to the Issuer. Upon surrender of any such 
Note to the Issuer, the Note will be cancelled.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
Ratings: 
The ratings expected to be assigned to any Class A Notes and 
any Class R1 Notes on their issue are AA by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited and AA- by Fitch Ratings Limited 
(assuming no change in relevant circumstances). Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
 
The ratings of the Rating Agencies do not address the 
likelihood of receipt by any Noteholder of any redemption 
premium, nor do the ratings of the Rating Agencies address 
the likelihood of receipt of any Note Step-Up Amount. 
 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. 
Each credit rating should be evaluated independently of any 
other rating and, among other things, will depend on the 
performance of the business of the Security Group from time 
to time. 
Admission to Trading and 
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on its regulated market. Further Notes of any 
Series may be listed on Euronext Dublin or any other 
exchange or may be unlisted. 
Terms and Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Sub-Class of 
Notes including further fungible issues of an existing Sub-
Class. A copy of the Final Terms will be delivered to Euronext 
Dublin or such other or further exchange (as applicable) on or 
before the Issue Date of such Notes. The Conditions 
applicable to each Sub-Class will be those set out in Chapter 
13 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, page 258, below 
which are to be read in conjunction with the Final Terms. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United Kingdom and the United States, and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Sub-Class of Notes (see 
Chapter 19. “Subscription and Sale”, page 367 and “Transfer 
Restrictions under Regulation S and Transfer Restrictions 
under Rule 144A”, page 288 below).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Chapter 2 
Risk Factors 
The following is a summary of certain aspects of the Notes and related transactions of which 
prospective Noteholders should be aware. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and 
prospective Noteholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views on the transactions described in this Base Prospectus prior 
to making any investment decision.  
1. 
Customer 
Dependence on Tenants; Future demand for office and retail space 
The Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes could be impacted by the structural 
changes in customer behaviour, particularly in the office and retail markets. Changes in customer 
behaviour that were observed before the outbreak of COVID-19 have accelerated during the 
pandemic. While being advised to work from home, office workers became more comfortable and 
familiar with virtual interactions. Since the UK government restrictions have been lifted, many 
workers have returned to offices, but there remains a risk that these changes in behaviour will 
become structural and permanent, which will have a consequent impact on the Group’s income 
and asset values. 
The retail sector saw a significant increase in online business during the COVID-19 pandemic, 
when physical shops were closed. Whilst the percentage of online sales has fallen since the the 
UK government restrictions were lifted, it remains higher than pre-pandemic levels and the long 
term level of online versus physical retail is unclear. Pure online or omni-channel retailers require 
less physical retail space leading to a change in demand for retail or hospitality space which could 
have a consequent impact on the Group’s income and asset values. 
Dependence on Tenants; Non-payment of rent under Leasing Agreements 
The Issuer’s ability to meets its obligations under the Notes will be dependent on FinCo’s ability 
to make payments on ICL Loans and ACF Loans. This will be dependent, amongst other things, 
on the receipt by the Obligors of rental income in relation to those Mortgaged Properties that are 
subject to Leasing Agreements and the ability of the Obligors to buy and sell property from time 
to time. 
If payments of rent are not received on or prior to their due date and any resultant shortfall is not 
otherwise compensated for from other resources of the Obligors or by selling properties and, as 
a result, FinCo is unable to pay any amount due on any ICL Loan Payment Date, the Issuer will 
have insufficient funds to pay the corresponding amount in respect of the corresponding Notes. 
Save in the case of the Most Senior Class of Notes, payment of any such amount will be deferred. 
No assurance can be given that the resources available to the Obligors will, in all cases and in all 
circumstances, be sufficient to cover any shortfall in rents from Mortgaged Properties and that 
such a deferral, or an Obligor Event of Default or an Issuer Event of Default, will not in fact occur 
as a result of the late or non-payment of rent. Failure of an occupier to make payments or default 
by a material tenant could have an adverse effect on the Landsec Group’s revenue.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Dependence on Tenants; Company Voluntary Arrangements and Restructuring Plans 
If a tenant faces financial difficulty, it may seek to alter the rent and other terms of the Lease 
Arrangements with the Obligors. If a consensual agreement can be reached with some but not all 
of the creditors of the tenant (which includes its landlords), a compromise could be imposed on 
dissenting landlords through a company voluntary arrangement (a “CVA”) or a restructuring plan 
(a “Restructuring Plan”). A CVA is a compromise or an arrangement between a company and its 
creditors under the Insolvency Act 1986. A Restructuring Plan is a court-sanctioned restructuring 
tool under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and 
Governance Act 2020 (the “CIGA”), passed by the UK government on 26 June 2020, under which 
a restructuring plan may be proposed to a company’s creditors and/or members. 
A CVA is passed, and is binding, if it is approved by at least 75% by value of the company’s 
creditors who respond in the decision procedure (provided that 50% or more of creditors voting 
in favour are unconnected with the company). A CVA binds any unsecured creditor (including 
dissenting parties) who was entitled to vote in the decision procedure or who would have been 
entitled to vote if they had notice of the decision procedure. This means that a CVA, once 
approved, binds both known and unknown creditors in relation to debts that the CVA is drafted to 
encompass. However, a CVA may not bind a secured creditor or a preferential creditor without 
their consent. 
A Restructuring Plan is binding on all affected creditors and/or members if it is sanctioned by the 
court and takes effect when the court order sanctioning the Restructuring Plan is delivered to the 
UK Registrar of Companies. The general rule is that, prior to the sanction hearing, the 
Restructuring Plan must be  approved by at least 75% by value of creditors or members present 
and voting (in person or by proxy) in each class. However, if not all classes have approved the 
plan, the court may still sanction a plan, provided that (a) the court is satisfied that none of the 
dissenting classes are any worse off under the plan than they would be in the event of the 
“relevant alternative” and (b) the plan has been agreed by a number representing 75% in value 
of a class of creditors or (as the case may be) of members, present and voting (in person or by 
proxy) who would receive a payment, or have a genuine economic interest in the company, in the 
event of the relevant alternative. The relevant alternative is whatever the court considers would 
be most likely to occur in relation to the company if the compromise or arrangement were not 
sanctioned by the court. One or more classes of creditors and/or members may be excluded from 
voting on a Restructuring Plan if they have no genuine economic interest in the company. The 
court has a broad discretion as to whether to exclude one or more classes from voting and also 
as to whether to sanction a Restructuring Plan. 
Once a CVA or a Restructuring Plan becomes effective, then in respect of any compromised debt 
owed by the tenant, the Obligor is bound by the terms (i) of such CVA if it was entitled to vote at 
the creditors meeting and whether or not it participated in the decision procedure, or (ii) of such 
Restructuring Plan if it was a member of a class of creditors under the Restructuring Plan. 
For most leases, an Obligor’s right to forfeit the lease would remain. The High Court in Discovery 
(Northampton) Ltd v Debenhams Retail Limited [2019] EWHC 2441 (Ch) clarified that a CVA could 
not specifically remove a landlord’s right of forfeiture under the terms of the lease. However, where 
a CVA reduces the level of rent payable, landlords cannot exercise the right to forfeit on the basis 
of the unpaid rent due under the lease because that amount would have validly been reduced by

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
the CVA. The same analysis is expected to apply equally to an Obligor’s right to forfeit the lease 
in the context of a compromise under a Restructuring Plan. 
The implementation of CVAs or Restructuring Plans between any Obligors and their material 
tenants could result in the terms of the relevant leases being altered so that they are less 
favourable to the Obligor. This could have an adverse effect on Landsec Group’s business both 
in terms of the impact on contracted rental income from any affected leases and from the 
consequential impact of the property value. 
Dependence on Tenant; Re-letting risks 
During the term of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the majority of the existing leases which 
are in place at the date of this Base Prospectus and probably any new leases to be granted in the 
near future will expire in accordance with their respective contractual terms. There can be no 
assurance that the Landsec Group’s tenants will renew their respective leases or, if they do not, 
that new tenants of equivalent standing (or at all) will be found to take up replacement leases.  
Rental levels and the affordability of rents, the size and quality of the building, the amenities and 
facilities offered, the convenience, location and local environment of the relevant Mortgaged 
Property, the amount of competing space available, the transport infrastructure and the age and 
facilities of the building in comparison with the alternatives and the identity of the anchor tenant 
are all examples of factors which influence tenant demand. 
Similarly, changes to the infrastructure, demographics, planning regulations and economic 
circumstances relating to the surrounding areas on which the relevant Mortgaged Property 
depends for its tenant base may adversely affect the demand for such Mortgaged Property. 
The inability to re-let on the same terms or at all will lead to lower rental income and lower property 
values, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Forfeiture for Breach of Covenant and/or Non-Payment of Rent 
In the case of most of the leasehold Mortgaged Properties comprised in the Estate as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the lease under which the Mortgaged Property is held contains 
provisions providing for forfeiture (or in Scotland, irritancy) for breach of tenant’s obligations 
and/or non-payment of rent. This is a usual provision in leasehold interests. The tenant would in 
respect of Mortgaged Property situated in England or Wales be able to apply to the Court for relief 
from forfeiture. This is an equitable remedy which is at the discretion of the Court; where relief is 
granted, it would usually be granted on terms requiring the tenant to cure the breach of obligation 
and/or pay the outstanding rent. The Court is entitled to grant the relief on such terms as it deems 
appropriate. No such relief exists regarding leasehold property situated in Scotland. 
In respect of leasehold property in Scotland, limited statutory protection is available under the 
Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) (Scotland) Act 1985. In the case of a monetary breach 
the landlord would not be able to terminate the lease unless a notice had been served on the 
tenant requiring payment under threat of irritancy. The minimum period of notice is 14 days or 
such longer period as the lease specifies. In the case of other breaches a landlord would not be

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
entitled to rely on the irritancy provisions in the lease if in all the circumstances a fair and 
reasonable landlord would not seek to do so. 
Any forfeiture could have an adverse effect on Landsec Group’s business both in terms of the 
impact on contracted rental income from any affected leases and from the consequential impact 
on the property value.  
Turnover Rent  
A modest proportion of the rental income relating to certain Mortgaged Properties is related to the 
relevant tenant’s turnover. At 31 March 2022, approximately 5% of the rentals of the Security 
Group were based on the tenants’ turnover and so are variable in nature. This may increase 
further as a result of the purchase of Mortgaged Properties which are subject to such tenancies, 
and leases entered into in the future may also contain provision for turnover rents. There can be 
no assurance that any such turnover rents will become payable if the relevant tenant’s turnover 
threshold is not met or that they will remain at least at previous levels; hence the aggregated 
rentals deriving from Mortgaged Properties with turnover-based rentals (or which include 
turnover-based rentals) will fluctuate. Such fluctuations could adversely affect the Obligors’ ability 
to meet their obligations in respect of the Intercompany Loan Agreement which may in turn 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
2. 
General Market Volatility  
The value of the Landsec Group’s portfolio and future rental values may fluctuate as a result of 
other factors outside the Landsec Group’s control, including changes in laws and regulatory 
requirements (particularly in relation to planning, taxation and the environment), political 
conditions and developments, the condition of financial markets, the financial condition of 
customers, consumer confidence, employment trends, taxation levels, interest rates and inflation 
rates. 
Rental revenues and property values are affected by changes in the general economic climate 
and market conditions, both nationally and globally. 
A general downturn in the market is likely to have an adverse effect on the Landsec Group in 
terms of capital and rental values. This could either be a direct impact or indirect, by negatively 
impacting tenants and their ability to pay rent. This could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Current macro-economic conditions  
While the global economy intially saw signs of strong recovery post the COVID-19 pandemic, 
fuelled by the reopening of many sectors, significant macro-economic risks remain. Inflation has 
been increasing significantly since mid-2021 due to supply chain issues, labour shortages and 
rising energy costs, reaching a 30 year high. The central banks, including the Bank of England 
and the US Federal Reserve, have responded by raising interest rates from their historic lows. 
There is a risk that rising interest rates may negatively affect asset values and the Group’s ability 
to recycle assets.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
The Russia-Ukraine conflict and its impact on the supply of energy and other critical commodities 
is adding further pressure to the inflationary trend. A prolonged period of rising inflation may 
develop into slow or stagnant economic growth if combined with slowing economic expansion and 
elevated unemployment. This might put pressure on consumer confidence and the Landsec 
Group’s tenants’ ability to pay rent and could adversely impact the Landsec Group’s financial 
condition and results of operations. It may also significantly increase the cost of developments 
and the resultant return on capital. 
Covid-19 
The Landsec Group’s business has been affected by the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic 
and its consequential impact on the worldwide financial markets and macroeconomic conditions 
generally.  There remains a risk of new COVID-19 variants which could result in governments in 
affected areas reimposing measures designed to contain the outbreak, including business 
closures, travel restrictions, stay-at-home orders and prohibition of gatherings and events. 
Ongoing uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, including the response of 
governments in the UK and globally, could continue to adversely impact the Group across 
numerous key financial and operational areas.  
Brexit 
Pursuant to a referendum held in June 2016, the UK left the European Union on 31 January 2020 
(“Brexit”). On 24 December 2020, the EU and the UK agreed a trade and co-operation agreement 
(the “TCA”) which was applied provisionally as of 1 January 2021 and entered into force on 1 May 
2021. There are certain topics that the TCA does not cover or does not fully provide for. There 
therefore continue to be a number of areas of uncertainty in connection with the future of the UK 
and its relationship with the European Union. 
More broadly, the impact of Brexit on the economic outlook of the Eurozone and the UK, and 
associated global implications, remain uncertain notwithstanding agreement of the TCA. As a 
result of Brexit there could be negative impact on the UK’s gross domestic product, resulting in a 
reduction in business and consumer confidence. There might be a material disruption to the 
Landsec Group’ssupply chain and an increase in costs of the supply chain.  
The Landsec Group may also be unable to retain or attract the same numbers of non-British staff 
from the European Union and there can be no assurance that the Landsec Group will be able to 
retain or attract the same or similarly skilled employees as are currently employed. 
Given this uncertainty and the range of possible outcomes, no assurance can be given that any 
of the matters outlined above would not adversely affect the Landsec Group’s business, financial 
condition and/or operating results. 
3. 
Investment and development strategy 
Developments 
The terms of the Common Terms Agreement allow Obligors (other than FinCo) to refurbish, refit, 
develop or redevelop Mortgaged Properties and to undertake Developments. There can be no

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
assurance that any Developments undertaken will be completed on time or on budget, nor that 
they will be free from defects once complete or generate the expected levels of rentals. There can 
be no assurance that any Developments will be successfully let or re-let on completion or pre-let 
prior to completion or that payments made to gain vacant possession will be recovered. In adverse 
market conditions, the cost of a Development may be significantly more than its open market 
value on completion. Accordingly, any Developments may or may not become income producing 
to the extent expected and may instead remain or become a net drain on the resources of the 
Obligors, rather than a net contributor to the Obligors’ rental income. Additionally, the Landsec 
Group may be unable to generate expected returns as a result of changes in the occupier market 
for a given Development during the course of that Development. If the Developments do not 
become net contributors to the Obligors’ rental income or rental income is adversely affected 
during the construction period, development or redevelopment of these Mortgaged Properties 
may reduce the resources available to the Obligors to meet their obligations under the Obligor 
Transaction Documents and may adversely impact the Obligors’ ability to make payments of 
interest and principal in respect of, amongst other things, the Intercompany Loan Agreement and 
the corresponding ability of the Issuer to make payments of interest and principal under the Notes 
when due and payable. 
Reliance on Valuations 
There is no assurance that the valuation of properties will reflect actual sale prices, even if the 
sale occurs shortly after the relevant valuation. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the 
value of each of the Mortgaged Properties will continue at a level equal to or in excess of the 
valuations given in the Valuation Report.  
To the extent that the value of each of the Mortgaged Properties fluctuates, there is no assurance 
that the aggregate of the value of the Mortgaged Properties will remain at least equal to or greater 
than the unpaid principal and accrued interest and any other amounts due under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement. If Mortgaged Properties are sold following an Obligor Event of 
Default, there is no assurance that the net proceeds of such sale will be sufficient to pay in full all 
amounts due under the Intercompany Loan Agreement. This could adversely impact Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Impact of Acquisitions and Disposals 
The Landsec Group can, within the covenants of the Programme, make acquisitions and 
disposals of real estate. These acquisitions and disposals can change the size and composition 
of the Landsec Group’s portfolio over time. There can be no assurance that these changes won’t 
have a negative impact on rental income and/or property valuations which could adversely affect 
the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer, FinCo or the Landsec Group may be unable to meet 
ongoing financial obligations on time. If not able to meet ongoing financial obligations on time, it 
could have a material adverse effect on the Landsec Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Properties of the type included in the Landsec Group’s portfolio can be relatively illiquid assets, 
which may affect the Landsec Group’s ability to vary its portfolio or dispose of or liquidate part of 
its portfolio on a timely basis and/or at satisfactory prices in response to changes in general 
economic conditions, property market conditions or other conditions. This could adversely affect 
the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes 
Neither the Issuer nor FinCo has, at the date of this Base Prospectus, entered into a liquidity 
facility which would provide it with an alternative source of funds in the event that either of them 
does not receive sufficient payment of interest on and repayments of principal under, in the case 
of the Issuer, the ICL Loans or, in the case of FinCo, intercompany loans made by FinCo to the 
other Obligors. The Common Terms Agreement provides that, in certain circumstances (as to 
which see “— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, below), a Liquidity Facility Agreement 
will be put in place by FinCo. However, no assurance can be given that in such circumstances an 
entity willing to act and which is approved by the Obligor Security Trustee, or willing to act at all, 
will be found. Consequently, no alternative source of funds may be available to FinCo. 
Overseas Properties and Properties outside England and Wales 
The Landsec Group has the ability to invest in properties outside the UK and create security over 
them, although this is limited to 5% of the Total Collateral Value. Within the UK, the Landsec 
Group can invest up to 40% of the Total Collateral Value in properties outside England and Wales.  
Specific issues in relation to the enforcement of security in different countries vary and the 
Landsec Group may be subject to different security laws and regulation, or review and regulation 
by certain authorities. There is a risk that these differences could lead to an increase in costs, fall 
in rental income and/or a fall in property values which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Insurance 
The Common Terms Agreement requires the Security Group to maintain or procure that there is 
maintained certain insurance cover with respect to the Estate consistent with market practice 
among broadly based property investment and development businesses whose assets are 
primarily located in the UK. Such requirement will be subject to the availability of such insurance 
generally in the global insurance market. The Security Group and the Estate may remain exposed 
to certain uninsured risks, for example, where insurance is not generally available or is not 
available on commercial terms. FinCo’s ability to make payments under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement may be adversely affected if an uninsured or uninsurable loss were to occur which 
could ultimately negatively impact Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. Currently 
there is insurance in place in respect of the Estate. 
4. 
Operational Risks 
Climate related risk 
There is a risk that the Landsec Group is unable to meet its commitment to reduce its carbon 
footprint by 2030 in time or such commitment is achieved at a significantly higher cost than 
expected. This may adversely impact the Landsec Group’s reputation or result in regulatory action

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
being taken against it, which could ultimately negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes. 
Climate-related risk may also impact the Landsec Group’s business activities through acute 
physical risks such as flooding and windstorm, and chronic risk such as rising average 
temperatures and sea levels. Any of these factors could cause an increase in costs, a reduction 
in rental income and/or a fall in property values which could ultimately adversely affect the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Major health, safety and security incident 
There is a risk that major health, safety or security incidents can cause significant business 
interruption at Landsec Group’s assets. This could be a local issue that impacts one or a small 
number of assets or a wider international issue which impacts all assets. In the most extreme 
circumstances assets may need to be closed for a considerable period of time which would have 
a detrimental impact on the operations of our occupiers and their ability to pay rent.  
A major health, safety or security related threat could result in: 
• 
Serious injury, illness or loss of life of employees, partners, occupiers or visitors to its 
properties 
• 
Criminal/civil proceedings 
• 
Loss of consumer confidence 
• 
Delays to building projects and access restrictions to its properties resulting in loss of 
income 
• 
Reputational impact 
• 
Increased costs, reduced rental income and/or a fall in property values  
Any of these factors could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the 
Notes. 
Information security and cyber threat 
Failure in the Landsec Group’s technology systems could be caused by human error, damage or 
interruption from fire, natural disasters, extended power loss, telecommunications failure, 
unauthorised entry and malicious computer code, industrial action and acts of war or terrorism. 
There can be no certainty that the Landsec Group’s disaster recovery plans and contingency 
plans will be effective in the event that they need to be activated. The failure of these technology 
systems, or the corruption of data held on these technology systems, could severely restrict the 
ability of the Landsec Group to continue to operate. Each of these matters could materially 
adversely affect the Landsec Group’s business, reputation, financial condition and/or operating 
results. This could ultimately negatively impact Issuer’s ability to meets its obligations under the 
Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Reliance on key suppliers 
The failure or loss of a major supplier or service provider or a material change of the terms on 
which the Landsec Group obtains its key products and services (including as a result to the 
Russia-Ukraine conflict) could adversely affect its business. The Landsec Group might incur cost 
and delays as it sought alternative arrangements, which could lead to a downturn in its financial 
performance which could ultimately adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. 
People and skills 
The Landsec Group is exposed to the risk of failing to attract, retain and develop the right people 
and skills required to deliver the business objectives in a culture and environment where 
employees can thrive. This risk has also increased to reflect increasing attrition rates due to 
external market conditions and a buoyant recruitment market following the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Failure to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce, including at management level, could have 
a material adverse effect on the Landsec Group’s operations. 
 
Compulsory purchases by government departments or local authorities 
Any property in the United Kingdom may at any time be compulsorily acquired by a government 
department or a local authority, in connection with proposed redevelopment or infrastructure 
projects. If the amount received from the proceeds of purchase of the relevant freehold, heritable 
or long leasehold estate are inadequate to cover the loss of cash flow from such Mortgaged 
Property, the Obligors’ ability to meet their obligations in respect of the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement and the other Obligor Transaction Documents and the corresponding ability of the 
Issuer to make payment of principal and interest under the Notes when due and payable may be 
adversely affected. 
5. 
Debt specific factors 
Notes obligations of Issuer only 
The Notes will be the obligations solely of the Issuer and will not be obligations or responsibilities 
of, or guaranteed by, any other entity. In particular, the Notes will not be obligations of, and will 
not be guaranteed by, any of the Other Parties or any company (other than the Issuer) in the 
Landsec Group. Furthermore, no person other than the Issuer will accept any liability whatsoever 
to Noteholders in respect of any failure by the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. 
Special Purpose Company: sources of funds to meet the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes 
The Issuer is a special purpose company with no business operations other than the issue of the 
Notes, the lending of the proceeds to FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and certain 
ancillary activities. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and to pay its 
limited operating and administrative expenses will be dependent on the receipt by it of amounts 
payable by FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and/or the performance by the 
Obligors of their obligations under the Guarantees. Other than the foregoing, prior to the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
enforcement of the Issuer Security and the Obligor Security, the Issuer will not have any significant 
funds available to it to meet its obligations under the Notes and/or any other payment obligation 
ranking in priority to, or pari passu with, the Notes. 
Issuer Security 
Although the Note Trustee will hold the benefit of the Issuer Security on trust for the Noteholders, 
such security interests will also be held on trust for certain third parties. The Issuer’s obligations 
to such third parties rank ahead of the Noteholders. Such persons include, amongst others, the 
Note Trustee, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Paying Agents, the Account Bank and any 
Replacement Cash Manager in respect of certain amounts owed to them (see “— Issuer Deed of 
Charge”, page 233, below). 
Issuer Priority of Payments 
The Issuer has agreed to apply amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Accounts in 
accordance with the order of priority of payments set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge. Under this 
priority of payments, amounts due in respect of the Notes rank behind certain of the Issuer’s other 
obligations. Such other obligations are owed to, amongst others, the Note Trustee, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agents, the Paying Agents, the Account Bank and any Replacement Cash Manager. 
In addition, certain classes of Notes will rank in priority to other classes of Notes (see “— Issuer 
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments”, page 233, below). 
Obligor Security 
The procedures for the enforcement of the Obligor Security are regulated by the Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed. Even if steps are taken under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
to enforce the Obligor Security, such steps may not result in immediate realisation of the Charged 
Property, and a significant delay could be experienced in recovery by the Obligor Security Trustee 
of amounts owed on any ICL Loans and other Secured Financial Indebtedness. Furthermore, a 
forced sale of Mortgaged Properties will be subject to prevailing market conditions and, due to 
the number of Mortgaged Properties involved, the sale of the Mortgaged Properties may take a 
significant amount of time in an enforcement scenario, which would affect the rate at which the 
enforcement proceeds are realised and their amount. There can be no assurance that the Obligor 
Security Trustee would recover amounts sufficient to discharge all Secured Financial 
Indebtedness upon enforcement of the Obligor Security and accordingly sufficient funds may not 
be realised or made available to make all required payments to the Issuer and, in turn, the 
Noteholders. 
Security Group Priority of Payments 
The Cash Manager has agreed to apply Available Cash to make payments in accordance with 
the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments. Monies received or recovered by the 
Obligor Security Trustee (or any Receiver appointed by it), in respect of the enforcement of the 
Obligor Security held by the Obligor Security Trustee or otherwise (save for Swap Excluded 
Amounts), together with monies received or recovered by the Note Trustee (or any Receiver 
appointed by it) and paid to the Obligor Security Trustee, in respect of enforcement of security 
created under the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement will (to the extent lawful) be applied in

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
accordance with the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments 
and the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments (as 
appropriate). Under these priorities of payments, amounts due in respect of ICL Loans rank 
behind and, in some cases, pari passu with certain other obligations. In addition, certain classes 
of ICL Loans will rank in priority to other classes of ICL Loans with the result that Notes 
corresponding to the higher ranking ICL Loans will rank in priority to Notes corresponding to the 
lower ranking ICL Loans (see “— Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments”, page 
198, “— Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments”, page 205, 
and “— Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments”, page 210, 
below). 
Notwithstanding the above, ICL Loans and ACF Loans may be prepaid by the Obligors in any 
order irrespective of their debt rankings, provided that such prepayment does not breach the 
provisions of the Sequential Prepayment Regime or the terms of the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed (see “— Order of Prepayment”, page 118, below). This ability to prepay the 
loans and thereby not follow the debt rankings under these circumstances could have an adverse 
effect on the value and return on any Notes issued under the Programme.  
Conflict of Interest 
Conflicts of Interest between Noteholders 
The Trust Deed and Condition 4(b) (Relationship among Noteholders and with other Issuer 
Secured Creditors) require the Note Trustee to have regard to the interests of all the Noteholders 
(so long as any of the Notes remain outstanding) equally as regards all powers, trusts, authorities, 
duties and discretions of the Note Trustee as if they formed a single class (except where expressly 
required otherwise). However, the Trust Deed and Condition 4(b) (Relationship among 
Noteholders and with other Issuer Secured Creditors) also require that, in the event of a conflict 
between the interests of the holders of any Class of Notes, the Note Trustee shall have regard to 
the interests of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding.So long as any of 
the Notes remain outstanding, in the exercise of its rights, authorities and discretions under the 
Trust Deed, the Note Trustee is only required to have regard to the interests of the Noteholders 
or, as the case may be, the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding and not 
to the interests of the other Issuer Secured Creditors. 
Conflicts of Interest between Debtholders 
Although the Issuer (rather than the Noteholders) is an Obligor Secured Creditor of the Security 
Group in respect of its Secured Obligations, being the ICL Loans provided to FinCo under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed shall provide that 
certain Noteholders (to the extent that they are Qualifying Debtholders), rather than the Issuer, 
will be able to vote (acting through their Representative, being the Note Trustee) in Debtholders’ 
Meetings, to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee (by way of a Secured Creditor Instruction) on, 
amongst other things, the taking of any Enforcement Action in respect of the Obligor Security. In 
any Debtholders’ Meeting, Qualifying Debtholders may or may not consist of Noteholders, or may 
only consist of a certain Class or Classes of Noteholders.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Any proposed Secured Creditor Instruction duly approved at a Debtholders’ Meeting will be 
binding on all Obligor Secured Creditors, including the Issuer (and therefore such Secured 
Creditor Instruction will indirectly affect the Noteholders and/or their rights). 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that in circumstances where the Qualifying 
Debtholders for a Debtholders’ Meeting consist of Debtholders of different categories (as regards 
Noteholders and/or ACF Providers) or different Classes or Sub-Classes of Debtholders which in 
the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest as 
between such Qualifying Debtholders, the Obligor Security Trustee may, in its discretion, convene 
separate Debtholders’ Meetings in respect of, as the case may be, each Class of Qualifying 
Debtholders (or in each case, each Sub-Class thereof (if any)). In these circumstances, a Secured 
Creditor Instruction shall be deemed to be approved if, in lieu of being passed at a single 
Debtholders’ Meeting, it is duly approved at separate Debtholders’ Meetings of each Class of 
Qualifying Debtholders, Noteholders or ACF Providers (or any Sub-Class thereof) (see further “— 
Conflict of Interest”, page 198, below). If, however, the Obligor Security Trustee is of the opinion 
that no conflict of interest would arise as a result of convening a single Debtholders’ Meeting, any 
such proposed Secured Creditor Instruction duly approved at a Debtholders’ Meeting shall be 
binding on all Noteholders insofar as such Secured Creditor Instruction affects them and/or their 
rights. 
Unsecured Creditors of the Security Group 
Unsecured creditors of the Security Group will not become parties to the Common Terms 
Agreement or the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and so will have rights of action in respect 
of their debts which are independent from those of the Obligor Secured Creditors. Unsecured 
creditors will accordingly be entitled to petition for a winding-up or administration of any Obligor 
who is liable for such debts. Although the aggregate amount of Unsecured Debt that the Security 
Group can incur will be restricted to the Unsecured Debt Limit under the Common Terms 
Agreement, there may be other unsecured creditors (such as trade creditors and tax authorities) 
who could also exercise such rights (see “— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, 
below). 
Extent of security for FinCo’s Obligations 
FinCo’s obligations to the Issuer under the Intercompany Loan Agreement are secured by floating 
charges granted by FinCo and each of the other Obligors in favour of the Issuer under the Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement and by the security and guarantees granted to the Obligor Security 
Trustee under the other Obligor Security Documents (other than the floating charges granted 
under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed). FinCo’s obligations are not secured or 
guaranteed by any of the Other Parties or any company (including the Issuer) in the Landsec 
Group other than the Obligors (see also “— Reliance on Non-Restricted Group”, page 55, below). 
General 
The covenants, representations and warranties in the Common Terms Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents restrict the ability of the Security Group to change the way in which it 
operates its business. However, the property investment and management business in the United 
Kingdom has undergone many changes in recent years and may undergo further changes in the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
future that could make future operation of the Security Group under these provisions more difficult 
or impractical. Changes to the provisions of the Transaction Documents may be required over 
time due to changes to the business environment within which the Security Group operates. 
However, while the Transaction Documents provide various mechanisms for changes to be made 
to them (e.g. through Basic Term Modifications and Rating Affirmed Matters), there can be no 
assurance that the Security Group will be able to change the provisions of the Transaction 
Documents in such circumstances (e.g. because the Ratings Test is not satisfied in respect of the 
proposed change or a relevant Blocking Right is exercised), and this may affect the ability of the 
Obligors to meet their obligations under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and, consequently, 
the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Modifications, Waivers and Consents in respect of Transaction Documents 
The Security Group may request the Obligor Security Trustee to agree to any modification to, or 
to give its consent to any event, matter or thing relating to, or grant any waiver in respect of, the 
Obligor General Transaction Documents (other than a Basic Terms Modification or a modification 
to, or waiver in respect of, the Financial Covenant). The Issuer may also request the Note Trustee 
to agree to make any modification to, or to give its consent to any event, matter or thing, or grant 
any waiver in respect of, the Issuer Transaction Documents (other than a Basic Terms 
Modification or a change in respect of the Financial Covenant). 
The Obligor Security Trustee or the Note Trustee (as the case may be) will, subject to the exercise 
of any Blocking Rights, consent to such request if: 
(a) 
in its opinion, the interests of the Most Senior Class of Debtholders then outstanding (in 
the case of the Obligor Security Trustee) or the Most Senior Class of Noteholders then 
outstanding (in the case of the Note Trustee) would not be materially prejudiced thereby; 
or 
(b) 
in its opinion, it is required to correct a manifest error or an error in respect of which an 
English court could reasonably be expected to make a rectification order or is of a formal, 
minor or administrative or technical nature or is necessary or desirable for the purposes 
of clarification; or 
(c) 
it is required or permitted, subject to the satisfaction of specified conditions, under the 
terms of any Obligor General Transaction Document or Issuer Transaction Document (as 
the case may be) and such conditions are satisfied; or 
(d) 
in relation to a Rating Affirmed Matter or modifications pursuant to an Accepted 
Restructuring Purpose or Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modification, the Ratings Test is 
satisfied or, if a Ratings Test is not sought or satisfied, P1 Debtholders and/or P2 
Debtholders confirm such modifications to the extent they would be materially prejudiced 
thereby. 
There can be no assurance that any modification, consent or waiver in respect of the Obligor 
Transaction Documents or Issuer Transaction Documents will be favourable to all Noteholders (or 
any Class or Sub-Class thereof). Such changes may be detrimental to the interests of some or 
all Noteholders (or any Class or Sub-Class thereof), despite the ratings of such Notes being

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
affirmed. The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the Obligor Security Trustee 
may seek the approval of, amongst others, the Most Senior Class of Noteholders (through the 
Note Trustee, by way of an Extraordinary Resolution) as a condition to, amongst other things, 
concurring in making modifications to, giving consents under or granting waivers in respect of 
breaches or potential breaches of, the Obligor General Transaction Documents (other than Basic 
Terms Modifications, modifications or waivers of the Financial Covenant or creating or changing 
the Secondary Debt Ranks or the Primary Debt Ranks, in respect of which specific procedures 
apply). Therefore, certain modifications to, consents under or grants of waivers in respect of 
breaches or potential breaches of, the Obligor Transaction Documents may be approved without 
the consent of every Noteholder. 
Reliance on Non-Restricted Group 
FinCo’s ability to make payments on ICL Loans and ACF Loans may, to a certain extent, be 
impacted by the repayments of interest and principal by LSP in respect of the Day One Loan (see 
“— Outstanding Debt Between the Security Group and the Non-Restricted Group”, page 83, 
below and “— Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed”, page 228, below). 
If payments of interest or principal under the Day One Loan are not received on their due date 
and any resultant shortfall is not otherwise compensated for from other resources of the Obligors 
(such as rental payments or property disposals mentioned above) and, as a result, FinCo is 
unable to pay any amount due on any ICL Loan Payment Date, the Issuer will have insufficient 
funds to pay the corresponding amount in respect of the corresponding Notes. Save in the case 
of the Most Senior Class of Notes, payment of any such amount will be deferred. The repayment 
of and payment of interest on the Day One Loan is dependent on the performance of the business 
of LSP and, in turn, of its borrowers in the Non-Restricted Group. 
No assurance can be given that the resources available to the Obligors will, in all cases and in all 
circumstances, be sufficient to cover any shortfall in any payments to be made under the Day 
One Loan and that such a deferral, an Obligor Event of Default or (in extreme circumstances 
where there is a failure to pay an amount due in respect of the Most Senior Class of Notes) an 
Issuer Event of Default, will not in fact occur as a result of the late or non-payment of amounts 
due under the Day One Loan. 
Investigations of Title 
Developments Vested in Limited Liability Partnerships 
If the building contract in respect of a Mortgaged Property under development is vested in a limited 
liability partnership, there is a risk that if an administrator was appointed to the limited liability 
partnership there may be a loss of control of ability to build out the development. Covenants are 
contained in the Common Terms Agreement which provide that prior to completion of the 
development the relevant Obligors will endeavour to procure the grant of “step-in” or equivalent 
rights in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee or its nominee, in default of which monies will be 
deposited in a controlled account to a sum estimated to be sufficient to meet the remaining build-
out cost of the development. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no such 
developments vested in limited liability partnerships.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
Further Credit Assets 
The Obligors are permitted to introduce into the Estate certain properties (including 
developments) which form part of the assets of a partnership or joint venture (including 
partnerships and joint ventures which are not wholly owned by the Security Group), as well as 
certain non-property assets (such as interests in partnerships, joint ventures and or Jersey unit 
trusts), provided that the Obligors comply with such criteria (including criteria as to the relevant 
Agreed Forms of Legal Opinion, Agreed Forms of Security, Agreed Forms of Security Document 
and the extent to which such properties or non-property assets are to be accounted for in the 
determination of Total Collateral Value) as may be agreed between the Obligors, the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies from time to time. In the case of partnerships and joint 
ventures which are not wholly owned by the Security Group the following issues arise: 
(a) 
the partnership or joint venture owns the underlying property and not the Obligor. 
Accordingly, the underlying property itself is not being charged as a Mortgaged Property 
or a Further Credit Asset. Instead the Obligor’s interest in the partnership or joint venture 
is being charged. Therefore, on an enforcement, the Obligor Security Trustee will acquire 
the Obligor’s partnership interest, not the underlying property. There may be certain 
restrictions on enforcement by way of transfer of such partnership interests. Further, the 
underlying property would not fall within the covenants or representations and warranties 
which would usually apply to the Mortgaged Properties or the Estate. However, where 
this arrangement is used the relevant Obligor will treat a number of key restrictive 
covenants as well as representations and warranties that apply to a Mortgaged Property 
as applying equally to the underlying property and, to this extent, the underlying property 
will be treated by the Obligor as if it were a Mortgaged Property; and 
(b) 
the security granted over the Obligor’s interests in the partnership or joint venture will not 
allow for complete control over the partnership or joint venture in an enforcement scenario 
because the interests of other joint venture partners will not be charged. Generally, the 
agreement of both partners will be required for major decisions, and the Obligor Security 
Trustee would therefore need to obtain the consent of the other partner in order to make 
certain decisions in relation to the underlying partnership assets or business. 
Mortgagee in Possession Liability 
Where the Obligor Security Trustee takes enforcement proceedings under the Obligor Security 
Documents, the Obligor Security Trustee may be deemed to be, in respect of Mortgaged 
Properties in England, a mortgagee in possession and, in respect of Mortgaged Properties in 
Scotland, a heritable creditor in possession if there is a physical entry into possession of any 
Mortgaged Property or an act of control or influence which may amount to possession (such as 
receiving rental income directly from a relevant tenant). A mortgagee or heritable creditor in 
possession may incur liabilities to third parties in nuisance and negligence and, under certain 
statutes (including environmental legislation), can incur the liabilities of a property owner. The 
Obligor Security Trustee has the absolute discretion at any time to refrain from taking any action 
under the Obligor Transaction Documents including becoming a mortgagee or a heritable creditor 
in possession in respect of a Mortgaged Property unless it is satisfied at the time that it is 
adequately indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes 
The Common Terms Agreement contains provisions which permit the Security Group, without the 
consent of the Debtholders, to agree with the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee the 
transfer of one or more Mortgaged Properties by any one or more Obligors to, or the acquisition 
of Mortgaged Properties by, a non-UK resident and incorporated person and to make associated 
modifications to the terms and conditions of the Common Terms Agreement, the Tax Deed of 
Covenant and/or the other Transaction Documents (see “— Restructuring of the Security Group 
and the Estate”, page 99, below). In order to implement any such changes, any two Rating 
Agencies must confirm that the Ratings Test is satisfied in relation to such changes. 
There can be no assurance that any changes to the Transaction Documents or to the Security 
Group made pursuant to the aforementioned provisions in the Common Terms Agreement will be 
favourable to or in the interests of Noteholders (or any Class or Sub-Class thereof). Such changes 
may be detrimental to Noteholders (or any Class or Sub-Class thereof), despite the ratings of 
such Notes being affirmed in connection with the proposed changes. 
Tax consequences of introducing Non-UK Obligors 
If Mortgaged Properties are transferred to a Non-UK Obligor, any such transfer may give rise to 
a charge to UK tax on chargeable gains for Obligors (subject to the exemption for sales by 
members of the LS REIT Group of assets used for the purposes of their property rental business, 
as outlined below). In addition, no assurance can be given that, where a Non-UK Obligor has 
been introduced, there will not be a subsequent change of law or practice in the UK or the relevant 
Approved Jurisdiction that could affect the tax treatment of that Obligor. In either case, such event 
could, indirectly, affect the ability of FinCo to meet its payment obligations under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the 
Notes.  
Withholding tax in respect of the Notes 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is required to be made from 
payments due under the Notes (as to which, in relation to current United Kingdom tax legislation, 
see the section “United Kingdom Taxation” below), neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent nor 
any other person will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders or, if Definitive 
Notes are issued, Couponholders or to otherwise compensate Noteholders and/or 
Couponholders for the reduction in the amounts they will receive as a result of such withholding 
or deduction. 
If such a withholding or deduction is required to be made by reason of a change in law, the Issuer 
will have the option (but not the obligation) of redeeming all outstanding Notes in full at their 
Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest (each adjusted, in the case of 
Indexed Notes, in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio) or Condition 
7(b)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio), as applicable) thereby shortening the life of the Notes. For 
the avoidance of doubt, neither the Note Trustee nor Noteholders nor, if Definitive Notes are 
issued, Couponholders, will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem the Notes in these 
circumstances.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Class R Notes 
The Issuer may, if any Class R Underwriting Agreement is entered into and subject to satisfaction 
of certain conditions, resell or procure the resale of any Class R Notes (as described in “— B.
 
Class R Underwriting Agreements”, page 367, below) in order to finance the repurchase 
price of outstanding Class R Notes (or to raise additional debt). One of those conditions will be 
that there is no Issuer Event of Default or Potential Issuer Event of Default. Following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or Potential Issuer Event of Default, the Class R 
Underwriters will not be obliged to purchase Class R Notes from the Issuer pursuant to the 
relevant Class R Underwriting Agreement. 
The Issuer will not be required to repurchase any Class R Notes from the holders of such Notes 
from time to time if such repurchase cannot be financed by the resale of such Class R Notes to 
the Class R Underwriters, either because the Class R Underwriters are not obliged to purchase 
them for the above-mentioned reason or because the Class R Underwriters have not paid the 
Issuer the price for such Class R Notes in respect of their resale. Investors in Class R Notes 
thereby take the risk of continuing to hold Class R Notes beyond Note Payment Dates where the 
Class R Underwriters do not finance the repurchase of such Class R Notes by the Issuer. This 
risk is, however, mitigated by the requirement that the Class R Underwriters shall have the 
Minimum Short Term Ratings.  
6. 
Other 
Ratings 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus will have the ratings set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation, and each 
security rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply 
in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status 
of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings 
can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is 
subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case 
may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, 
transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the 
secondary market.Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set 
out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
A security rating will depend on, among other things, certain underlying characteristics of the 
business of the Security Group from time to time. Ratings do not address the likelihood of timely 
or ultimate payment of any Note Step-Up Amount. If any rating assigned to the Notes then 
outstanding is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of such Notes may be reduced. In addition, 
at any time any Rating Agency may revise its relevant rating methodology with the result that, 
amongst other things, any rating assigned to the new and existing Notes may be affected. 
Any Rating Affirmation given by a Rating Agency and/or any satisfaction of a Ratings Test: 
(i) 
only addresses the effect of any relevant event, matter or circumstance on the current 
ratings assigned by the relevant Rating Agency to the Notes; 
(ii) 
does not address whether any relevant event, matter or circumstance is permitted by the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(iii) 
does not address whether any relevant event, matter or circumstance is in the best 
interests of, or prejudicial to, some or all of the Noteholders or Obligor Secured Creditors. 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Rating Agencies will take the same view as each 
other in relation to a Ratings Test, which may affect the Security Group’s ability to adapt the 
structure of the transaction to changes in the market over the long term. 
Hedging Risk 
All payments by Obligors under the Swap Agreements, other than any obligation to pay Swap 
Termination Amounts and Swap Subordinated Amounts (which will, to the extent of any amount 
of premium received from a replacement swap counterparty providing a replacement Swap 
Transaction, be discharged directly by the application of any such amount and will fall outside the 
scope (to the extent lawful) of the Security Group Priorities of Payments) and any obligation to 
pay amounts due and payable pursuant to a Swap Excluded Obligation (which will fall outside the 
scope (to the extent lawful) of the Security Group Priorities of Payments), will rank in priority to 
payments due to the Issuer under the Intercompany Loan Agreement under the relevant Security

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Group Priority of Payments. If any Swap Counterparty fails to provide an Obligor with the amount 
due under any Swap Agreement on any Loan Payment Date or if a Swap Agreement (or any 
transactions thereunder) is otherwise terminated (see “Hedging Arrangements — Termination”, 
page 229, below), the Obligors may have insufficient funds to make payments due in respect of 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement.  
If any hedging transaction is terminated due to it no longer being required to comply with the 
Hedging Covenant or due to any other reason, then a termination payment may become due 
under the relevant Swap Agreement.  
Terms relating to the notes 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to 
sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. If Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Index Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes on terms that the amount of interest payable on each interest 
payment date and/or the amount to be repaid upon redemption of the Notes will be calculated by 
reference to movements in (a) the U.K. Retail Prices Index (“RPI”) or (b) the euro area 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (“HICP”) during a reference period (“Index Linked 
Notes”). Each of RPI and HICP may go down as well as up. 
Where the amount of interest payable on any tranche of Notes is subject to adjustment by 
reference to RPI or HICP, a decrease in RPI or HICP (as applicable) over the reference period 
will reduce the amount of interest payable in respect of such Notes. In a deflationary environment, 
the annual interest received may be lower than the rate of interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Where the amount payable upon redemption of any tranche of Notes is subject to adjustment by 
reference to RPI or HICP, a decrease in RPI or HICP (as applicable) over the reference period 
will reduce the amount to be repaid upon redemption of such Notes to less than the nominal

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
amount of such Notes, unless the applicable Final Terms specifies a minimum redemption amount 
which is equal to or higher than the nominal amount of such Notes. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Redemption provisions 
Fixed Rate Notes may be optionally redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(b)(i)(A) (Optional 
Redemption) at a redemption amount which will be referenced to the Relevant Swap Mid Curve 
Rate at the time of such calculation. As the redemption premia on Fixed Rate Notes calculated 
by reference to the Relevant Swap Mid Curve Rate may be lower than if such premia were 
calculated by reference to spens or some other rate, the Issuer may be more likely to redeem the 
Notes prior to their scheduled maturity. Fixed Rate Notes may also be optionally redeemed 
pursuant to Condition 8(b)(i)(B) and Condition 8(b)(i)(C) (Optional Redemption). 
If 80% or more in nominal amount of the Notes of a Sub-Class of Notes then outstanding have 
been redeemed or repurchased (the “relevant threshold”) pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation), the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes. This feature of the 
Notes may have an impact on their market value. When the relevant threshold is met the Issuer 
may elect to redeem the Notes in which period the market value of these Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to 
any redemption period. If the Issuer redeems the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the relevant Notes, there can be no assurance that the investor will be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower interest rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at 
that time. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such benchmarks  
Interest rates and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)) are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing 
such a “benchmark”.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the EU. Among other things, the Benchmarks Regulation (i) requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
a published benchmark becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the Interest Rate could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference 
Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without the application 
of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser). An Adjustment 
Spread (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), if applied could be positive or 
negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. However, it may not be 
possible to determine or apply an Adjustment Spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such 
Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. 
If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may 
nonetheless be used to determine the Interest Rate. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Reference Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of 
a lower Interest Rate) than they would if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply in its 
current form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Interest Rate for a 
particular Note Interest Period may result in the Interest Rate for the last preceding Note Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate 
Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, 
there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In 
addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference 
rates based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates which seek to measure the market’s 
forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term. 
The Interest Rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA will be determined on the basis 
of Compounded Daily SONIA administered by the Bank of England. The market or a significant 
part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to relevant Notes that reference a SONIA rate issued 
under this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of 
interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA referenced Notes issued by it 
under this Base Prospectus. The development of Compounded Daily SONIA as interest reference 
rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA based rates for such 
markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA referenced Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of 
being determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the 
relevant Note Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
Compounded Daily SONIA to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes 
to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Since SONIA is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or which reference a SONIA rate may have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for 
debt securities linked to or which reference a SONIA rate may evolve over time and trading prices 
of such Notes may be lower than those of the later issued Notes that are linked to or which 
reference a SONIA rate as a result. Further, if SONIA does not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
linked to or which reference a SONIA rate may be lower than those of Notes linked to or which 
reference indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. In addition, investors should 
be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially different to interbank offered rates as interest 
reference rates. 
Marketability 
Some or all of the Notes issued from time to time will be new securities for which there is no 
established trading market. An active trading market may not develop or, if developed, may not 
be maintained. Consequently, prospective purchasers of the Notes should be aware that they 
may have to hold the Notes until their maturity. In addition, the market value of the Notes may 
fluctuate with changes in prevailing rates of interest. Consequently, any sale of Notes by 
Noteholders in any secondary market that may develop may be at a discount to the original 
purchase price of such Notes (see also “— Refinancing risk”, page 65, below). 
In addition, the forced sale into the market of debt securities held by structured investment 
vehicles, hedge funds, issuers of collateralised debt obligations and other similar entities that 
experience funding difficulties could adversely affect the ability of investors to sell, and/or the price 
they receive for, the Notes in the secondary market. As a result, the secondary market for debt 
securities, such as the Notes, could experience limited liquidity. 
Over-supply in the secondary market may continue to have an adverse effect on the market value 
of debt securities, with especially high volatility in those securities that are more sensitive to 
prepayment, credit or interest rate risk and those securities that have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. Consequently, the market value of the 
Notes is likely to fluctuate. Any of these fluctuations may be significant.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Refinancing risk 
The ability of the Security Group to operate its business depends in part on being able to raise 
funds by entering into ACF Agreements with ACF Providers or issuing further Notes under the 
Programme. The ACF Loans are, in general, of a shorter maturity than the Notes. There can be 
no assurance that the Security Group will be able to find ACF Providers who are willing to 
refinance ACF Loans on their maturity on terms no worse than the Existing ACF Agreements, or 
at all. Accordingly, if the terms of the Obligor Transaction Documents are not able to be modified 
to accommodate new ACF Providers and the ACF Loans are not refinanced on their maturity, this 
could severely affect the ability of the Security Group to raise finance to support its business. 
Similarly, there can be no assurance that there will be a market for any further Notes issued by 
the Issuer and for the Security Group to thereby raise finance to support its business. This, in 
turn, may require changes to the structure of the transaction which, if such changes are not made, 
may affect the ability of the Obligors to meet their obligations under the Obligor Transaction 
Documents (see “— Marketability”, page 64, above). 
Specific Use of Proceeds 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities 
that promote climate-friendly and/or other environmental purposes or sustainable or social 
activities (either in those words or otherwise) (“Green Projects”). Prospective investors should 
have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
In particular no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that 
the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant 
Green Project).  Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or 
“sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, 
or related to, any Green Projects will meet, or continue to meet on an ongoing basis, any or all 
investor expectations regarding such “green”, “Green” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the so called “EU Taxonomy”) or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms 
part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that any adverse 
environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects.  
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue 
of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, 
social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification 
is only current as of the date that such opinion or certification was initially issued and the criteria 
and/or considerations that informed the provider of such opinion or certification may change at 
any time. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion 
or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Green Projects.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is 
any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if 
obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the 
Notes. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green 
Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed 
for the specified Green Projects.  Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will 
be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or 
failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which 
are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of any Green Projects, (ii) any 
verification of whether a relevant Green Project falls within an investor’s requirements or 
expectations of a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing 
monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Notes. 
Tax 
Taxation – Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) 
Landsec Group has been a REIT since the UK introduced the status in 2007. REITs move 
responsibility for the payment of tax from the REIT to its shareholders. 
Under REIT legislation, Landsec is exempt from UK corporation tax on UK property investment 
income, gains on UK property and gains on UK property rich entities. However, it must pay out at 
least 90% of underlying tax-exempt property income (not gains) to shareholders as a Property 
Income Distribution (“PID”) within 12 months, or pay corporation tax on any PID shortfall. PIDs 
are subject to withholding tax at 20%, unless investors have informed Landsec about their 
qualification for gross payments. Tax is borne by Landsec’s shareholders on these dividends, 
according to their tax status. 
Landsec is still subject to corporation tax on any residual (non tax-exempt) income. This includes 
profits on trading activities (such as properties developed with a view to a sale), capital gains on 
UK property assets or companies sold within three years of completion of a development, and 
non-UK property assets. 
No assurance can be given over Landsec’s continued involvement in the REIT regime or that any 
changes in the regime won’t adversely impact Landsec’s financial condition and/or operating 
performance. 
United Kingdom Taxation Position of the Security Group 
Under current United Kingdom taxation law and practice, qualifying rental income received by 
companies within the Security Group will constitute tax exempt income and non-qualifying income 
will constitute residual taxable income for United Kingdom corporation tax purposes. The tax-
exempt business is “ring-fenced” for corporation tax purposes, so that it is not possible to offset 
profits and losses of the tax-exempt business of the Security Group against the profits and losses 
of its non-tax exempt business (including non-qualifying income). 
In general, interest costs of companies within the Security Group associated with the borrowing 
by FinCo under the ICL Loans and by the Obligors under the ACF Loans and on the on-lending 
of those proceeds within the Security Group which in each case relate to the non-tax exempt 
business of the Security Group, should, under current law and practice (subject to the interest 
deductibility restriction rules described in the section entitled “Taxation – Interest Deductibility” 
below), generally be deductible from the residual taxable income, broadly in accordance with their 
accounting treatment, in computing the liability to corporation tax of those companies. However, 
repayment of the principal amounts borrowed by companies within the Security Group cannot be 
so deducted. As a consequence, part of the non-qualifying income received by such companies 
which would otherwise be available to repay principal will be required to be applied to discharge

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
the corporation tax liabilities of those companies unless the taxable income of those companies 
can itself be reduced or eliminated by the surrender of tax losses or otherwise. 
As noted below, there can be no assurance that United Kingdom taxation law and practice will 
not change in a manner (including, for example, an increase in the rate of corporation tax) that 
would adversely affect the ability of members of the Security Group to pay interest and repay 
amounts of principal under the ICL Loans and the ACF Loans. If, in turn, the Issuer does not 
receive all amounts due from FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Issuer may not 
have sufficient funds to enable it to meet its payment obligations under the Notes and/or any other 
payment obligations ranking in priority to, or pari passu with, the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to the Existing ACF Agreements, Noteholders should be aware that certain 
terms included within the Existing ACF Agreements could be regarded as resulting in interest 
payable under any Existing ACF Agreement being regarded as dependent on the results of 
FinCo’s business. If interest were to be regarded as dependent on FinCo’s results, then a 
deduction would not be available for such interest to the extent that any lender under any Existing 
ACF Agreement is not subject to United Kingdom corporation tax on the interest payable by 
FinCo. Where FinCo is the borrower under any Existing ACF Agreement, it will on-lend the 
proceeds of any drawing under such Existing ACF Agreement to other Obligors and so will be in 
receipt of interest income on such on-loans. To the extent interest under any Existing ACF 
Agreement were not deductible, therefore, there would be a potential mismatch for tax purposes 
in FinCo which could adversely affect FinCo’s ability to make full and timely payment of interest 
and principal on the ICL Loans and the ACF Loans.  This could ultimately adversely affect the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Secondary Taxation Liabilities 
Where a company fails to discharge certain taxes due and payable by it within a specified time 
period, United Kingdom taxation law imposes, in certain circumstances (including where that 
company has been sold so that it becomes controlled by another person), a secondary liability for 
those overdue taxes on other companies which are or have been members of the same group of 
companies for tax purposes or are or have been under common control with the company that 
has not discharged its primary liability to pay that tax. 
Contingent Taxation Liabilities 
Certain members of the Security Group have acquired certain capital assets from other 
companies which (in relation to previous acquisitions) were, at the time of that acquisition, 
members of the same capital gains tax, stamp duty and/or stamp duty land tax group. As a 
consequence, those members of the Security Group may have a contingent liability to pay United 
Kingdom corporation tax on chargeable gains, stamp duty or stamp duty land tax, the liability will 
become an actual liability to pay corporation tax, stamp duty or stamp duty land tax (or equivalent 
land transactions taxes in Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland) if (broadly) that member of the 
Security Group ceases to be a member of the relevant tax group within a period specified by 
statute. Were such a contingent liability to pay tax to become an actual liability to pay tax, the 
discharge of that tax liability could reduce the amount of post-tax income available to the relevant 
member of the Security Group to make payments in respect of the on-lending of those proceeds 
of the ICL Loans and the ACF Loans within the Security Group, thereby potentially affecting the

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
ability of FinCo and other members of the Security Group to make full and timely payment of 
interest and principal in respect of the ICL Loans and the ACF Loans. This could ultimately 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Where such a member of the Security Group which has acquired capital assets from other 
companies which were, at the time of that acquisition, members of the same capital gains tax 
group (the “Degrouping Company”) and which ceases to be a member of the capital gains tax 
group as a consequence of a disposal either of the Degrouping Company’s shares or a disposal 
of the shares of another member of the capital gains tax group by a member of the capital gains 
group (the “Selling Shareholder”) within the period specified by statute, such a contingent liability 
to pay United Kingdom corporation tax on chargeable gains will not become an actual liability for 
the Degrouping Company; rather, it will be treated as additional consideration received by the 
Selling Shareholder and so may result in an actual tax liability for the Selling Shareholder. 
Therefore, if a member of the Security Group disposes of the shares in a Degrouping Company 
or another member of that capital gains tax group which results in a Degrouping Company ceasing 
to be a member of the relevant capital gains tax group, the actual liability to pay corporation tax 
on chargeable gains on that disposal (including any gain treated as accruing to that Selling 
Shareholder as a result of it being deemed to have received such additional consideration) 
accruing to the Selling Shareholder could reduce the amount of post-tax income available to it to 
make payments in respect of the on-lending of those proceeds of the ICL Loans and the ACF 
Loans within the Security Group, thereby potentially affecting the ability of FinCo and other 
members of the Security Group to make full and timely payment of interest and principal in respect 
of the ICL Loans and the ACF Loans. This could ultimately adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes. 
It should be noted however that these rules may not apply where the Degrouping Company was 
previously a member of the LS REIT Group and the capital asset which was acquired by the 
Degrouping Company as a result of an intra-group transfer is an asset that is used wholly and 
exclusively for the purposes of the property rental business of the Degrouping Company. In this 
case, any contingent liability for corporation tax on chargeable gains should be imposed on the 
Degrouping Company, not the Selling Shareholder. Furthermore, in such a scenario, the 
interaction between the capital gains de-grouping rules and the REIT rules would mean that in 
practice no contingent liability would generally arise to the Degrouping Company in relation to the 
prior intra-group transfer of the asset used for the purposes of the property rental business. 
United Kingdom Tax on Disposals and Certain Other Material Transactions 
Provided that the LS REIT Group is and remains a REIT, any gain on a disposal by an Obligor of 
an interest in a UK investment property that was used for the purposes of its property rental 
business or from April 2019, a right or interest in a company which is UK property rich to the 
extent, and in such proportion as, that company’s assets are used for the purpose of UK property 
rental business, generally will not be subject to UK corporation tax on chargeable gains. The 
disposal of other capital assets (including interests in Mortgaged Properties that are not used for 
the purposes of the tax exempt business and the share capital of other members of the Security 
Group if such member is not UK property rich) by members of the Security Group to third parties 
may give rise to a liability to pay United Kingdom corporation tax on chargeable gains. Members 
of the Security Group may, from time to time, hold Mortgaged Properties as trading stock for the 
purposes of a trade carried on by them (and not as capital assets). Noteholders should be aware

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
that should any such tax liability arise as a result of a disposal following enforcement of the 
security given by the Obligors, that tax liability could, indirectly, adversely affect the ability of the 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Withholding tax in respect of the Swap Agreements 
Landsec Group has been advised that under current law, all payments to be made under the 
Swap Agreements can be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any United 
Kingdom tax. In the event that a withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is required to 
be made from any payment due from a Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement, the terms 
of that Swap Agreement may provide that the amount to be paid will, in certain circumstances, be 
increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after that withholding or deduction has been 
made, the amount received by FinCo or the relevant Financial SPV Obligor that is party to the 
Swap Agreement is equal to the amount that FinCo or the Financial SPV Obligor, as the case 
may be, would have received had such withholding or deduction not been required to be made. 
If any Swap Counterparty is obliged to make such an increased payment, the terms of that Swap 
Agreement will provide that it may, if such deduction or withholding is as a result of a change in 
law (or the application or interpretation thereof), terminate the relevant transactions under such 
Swap Agreement (subject to such Swap Counterparty’s obligation to use its reasonable 
endeavours to transfer its rights and obligations in respect of the relevant transactions under such 
Swap Agreement to another office or third party swap provider such that payments made by or to 
that other office or third party swap provider under such relevant transactions can be made without 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax). If any Swap Agreement (or any transactions 
thereunder) is terminated and the Security Group does not Prepay Floating Rate Loans to a 
sufficient extent, the Security Group may be unable to meet its payment obligations under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement and ACF Loans in full, with the result that the Noteholders may 
not receive all of the payments of principal and interest due to them in respect of the Notes. In 
addition, the termination of any Swap Agreement (or any transactions thereunder) may result in 
a Swap Termination Amount being due to the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
For a description of the Swap Agreements that any of the Obligors may enter into from time to 
time in accordance with the Hedging Covenant, see “Swap Agreements and Hedging Covenant”, 
page 113 below. 
Issuer 
The Taxation of Securitisation Companies Regulations 2006 (as amended) provide for a 
permanent regime for the taxation of “securitisation companies” (the “Securitisation Tax 
Regime”). Companies to which the Securitisation Tax Regime applies will be taxed broadly by 
reference to their “retained profit” rather than by reference to their accounts. The Issuer elected 
to fall within the Securitisation Tax Regime with effect from the accounting period of the Issuer 
commencing on 1 January 2007 and should continue to fall within the Securitisation Tax Regime. 
As such, the Issuer should be taxed only on the amount of its retained profit for so long as it 
satisfies the conditions for remaining within the Securitisation Tax Regime. However, if at any time 
it ceases to satisfy these conditions, then profits or losses could arise in the Issuer which could 
have tax effects not contemplated in the cashflows for the transaction described in this Base

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Prospectus and as such adversely affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and consequently 
payments on the Notes. 
FinCo 
FinCo will generally be subject to United Kingdom corporation tax, currently at a rate of 19%, 
broadly on the profit reflected in its profit and loss account as increased by the amount of any 
non-deductible expenses or losses. The United Kingdom has announced that, with effect from 1 
April 2023, United Kingdom corporation tax will apply at a rate of 25%. If the tax payable by FinCo 
is greater than expected, the funds available to make payments on any ICL Loan will be reduced 
and this may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes. 
Withholding Tax in respect of the ICL Loans 
The Issuer has been advised that, under current law, all payments made to it under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement by FinCo can be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any United Kingdom tax. In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of tax is required to be made from any payment due to the Issuer in respect of an ICL 
Loan, the amount of that payment will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after 
that withholding or deduction has been made, the Issuer receives a cash amount equal to that 
which it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been required to be made. 
If, as a result of a change in taxation law, FinCo is obliged to make such an increased payment 
to the Issuer, FinCo will have the option (but not the obligation), subject to the then applicable 
Security Group Priority of Payments, to Prepay all outstanding ICL Loans in full. If FinCo chooses 
to Prepay the ICL Loans, the Issuer will then be obliged to redeem the Notes. If FinCo does not 
have sufficient funds to enable it to make such increased payments to the Issuer, the Issuer may 
not have sufficient funds to enable it to meet its payment obligations under the Notes and/or any 
other payment obligations ranking in priority to, or pari passu with, the Notes. 
Similarly, if a member of the Landsec Group is required to withhold or deduct any amount for or 
on account of tax from any payment in respect of the on-lending to it of the proceeds of an ICL 
Loan or an ACF Loan, FinCo may have insufficient funds to meet its payment obligations in 
respect of the ICL Loans in full, with the result that the Issuer’s ability to meet its payment 
obligations under the Notes and/or any other payment obligations ranking in priority to, or pari 
passu with, the Notes could be adversely affected as described above. Noteholders should also 
refer to “Change of Law”, page 58, below. 
Taxation – Interest Deductibility 
In response to the publication of the OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting reports, the UK 
government has introduced rules to restrict a group’s UK tax deductions for net interest expense 
to 30% of the UK group’s EBITDA (subject to various exemptions). The rules apply to corporation 
taxpayers in relation to accounting periods from 1 April 2017. The test of grouping for these 
purposes is based on the accounting test for IFRS purposes. 
Groups of companies that would otherwise be restricted by the 30% test may elect to apply the 
“group ratio rule”, which uses a ratio of interest to EBITDA based on the worldwide group of which

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
it is a member instead of the fixed 30% limit. There is a de minimis threshold of £2m of net interest 
expense per annum, but this applies across a whole UK group rather than on an entity-by-entity 
basis. 
The rules have been adapted for REITs so that, for each company within the REIT, its tax exempt 
property rental business and its non-tax exempt business are treated as two separate group 
companies. The profits of the REIT’s exempt property rental business are assumed not to be 
exempt from corporation tax when performing the relevant calculations to determine whether 
there should be any restriction on the deductibility of interest for the UK group as a whole. If the 
deductibility of interest for the UK group is restricted, there are specific rules which apply in 
determining how disallowed interest deductions are allocated between the tax exempt and non-
tax exempt business. Any disallowed interest deductions allocated to the non-tax exempt 
business will have an impact on the corporation tax liability in relation to that business. 
Where deductions are restricted, they can be carried forward to future years, provided that the 
ratio in those future years is not exceeded. In addition, where there is excess interest capacity in 
a particular period, such interest capacity may be carried forward to future years to increase the 
amount of interest allowance in such future period. In each case, this carry forward may be for up 
to five years. If these rules were to result in any interest expense incurred by members of the 
Security Group ceasing to be fully deductible, this could: (i) increase the relevant company’s 
liability to tax in relation to its non-tax exempt business and may therefore indirectly affect the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes; and (ii) result in an increase in the 
net income profits of the tax exempt business of the LS REIT Group and therefore result in Land 
Securities Group PLC being required to distribute an increased amount of such profits to 
shareholders. Details of this requirement to distribute are detailed further in “United Kingdom —
Taxation Of The Security Group”, above.] 
Change of Law 
The structure of the transaction and, amongst other things, the issue of the Notes and the ratings 
which are to be assigned to them are based on English and Scots law in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the effect of any possible judicial decision 
or change to English or Scots law or administrative practice of any jurisdiction after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The Landsec Group is also subject to significant EU legislative oversight, though uncertainty 
remains about the situation at the end of the transition period following the UK’s exit from the EU 
(see “Market - General market volatility and post-UK referendum uncertainty”, above). 
Compliance with any changes in regulation or with any regulatory intervention resulting from 
political or regulatory scrutiny may significantly increase the Landsec Group’s costs, impede the 
efficiency of its internal business processes, limit its ability to pursue business opportunities, or 
diminish its reputation and include a requirement for major restructuring and/or materially 
increased compliance and regulatory costs. Any of these consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the Landsec Group’s business reputation, financial condition and/or operating 
results.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Effect of Enforcement on Value of Mortgaged Properties 
The liquidation value of the Mortgaged Properties may be adversely affected because sales of 
the Mortgaged Properties may not be able to be made at the open market value of such 
properties. In particular, the Valuation of the Mortgaged Properties assumes that their value is 
based on open market values (which are determined before the seller’s costs) and on the basis 
that their sale is not forced upon the seller. Following enforcement of the Obligor Security, this 
would not be the case for sales of Mortgaged Properties. A forced sale of Mortgaged Properties 
will be subject to prevailing market conditions and the best price may not be obtainable. Sale of 
the Mortgaged Properties may take a significant amount of time in an enforcement scenario due 
to the number of properties that would be on the market, and this would affect the rate at which 
the enforcement proceeds are realised. In addition, the liquidation value of Mortgaged Properties 
may be affected by risks generally affecting real property and other factors which are beyond the 
control of the Obligors, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note Trustee or any Receiver.  
The Issuer believes that the risks described above are the principal risks inherent in the 
transaction for Noteholders, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with the Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not 
represent that the above statements regarding the risk of holding the Notes are exhaustive. 
Although the Issuer believes that the various structural elements described in this Base 
Prospectus lessen some of these risks for Noteholders, there can be no assurance that these 
measures will be sufficient to ensure payment to Noteholders of interest, principal or any other 
amounts on or in connection with the Notes on a timely basis or at all.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Chapter 3 
Structure of the Transaction 
The following is an overview of the structure of the transaction. This overview does not purport to 
be complete and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference 
to, the more detailed information which appears elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Landsec Group 
The Landsec Group primarily invests in commercial property in the United Kingdom and provides 
ancillary services to a wide range of occupiers across the United Kingdom. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Landsec Group has two main activities: the management 
of its property portfolio and property development. 
The Landsec Group comprises two subgroups: a group comprising the Security Group 
(comprising the Obligors and the Issuer) and a group comprising the Non-Restricted Group 
(comprising the Non-Restricted Group Entities). 
The Issuer was incorporated as a special purpose company for the purpose of raising funds 
through the issuance of Notes. The funds raised by the Issuer will be on-lent to FinCo, to be used 
by FinCo for any lawful purpose (including on-lending such proceeds to Land Securities (Finance) 
Limited, which may on-lend such proceeds to any other member of the Security Group and, 
subject to certain conditions (as described herein), to Non-Restricted Group Entities). 
Land Securities Group PLC is the ultimate holding company of the Landsec Group. The Security 
Group comprises FinCo, HoldCo, Land Securities PLC and the other Obligors. HoldCo directly 
holds all of the shares in Land Securities PLC. Land Securities PLC in turn either directly or 
indirectly holds all of the shares in the Issuer, FinCo and certain other Obligors. See “— Corporate 
Structure of the Landsec Group”, page 75, below for a diagrammatic representation of the 
corporate structure of the companies within the Security Group. 
On 3 November 2004 (the “Exchange Date”) the Issuer and Security Group created security over 
their assets including each of the Mortgaged Properties (see “— Security Structure of the Issuer 
and the Security Group”, page 80, below).  
LS One New Change Limited, Blueco Limited, LS Hotels Limited, The City of London Real 
Property Company Limited and LS Cardinal Limited are the principal real estate owning 
companies of the Security Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus and FinCo, a special 
purpose company, has raised and will continue to raise funds to support the activities of the 
Security Group and the Non Restricted Group (see “— Corporate Structure of the Landsec 
Group”, page 75, below). 
The board of directors of each Obligor functions as an independent board and is not under the 
day to day control of the shareholders of such Obligor. 
The diagram below shows the corporate structure including two sub-groups of the Landsec 
Group:

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Corporate Structure of the Landsec Group 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Security Group owns a portfolio of 120 Mortgaged 
Properties and six Further Credit Assets, and manages, develops or procures the management 
and development of the Estate. The Non-Restricted Group carries on those parts of the portfolio 
management and development businesses relating to the Landsec Group portfolio of properties 
other than the Estate.  
Land Securities  
Group PLC 
LSPH 
 
Security Group 
Other Non-Restricted 
Group Entities 
Land Securities 
(Finance) Limited 
Land Securities 
Portfolio Management 
Limited (“LPML”) 
LS London Holdings 
One Limited (“LH1”) 
Holdco 
Land 
Securities PLC 
Other direct and indirect 
subsidiaries of LH1 
Other direct and indirect 
subsidiaries of LPML 
Nominee SPVs holding 
legal title to certain 
Mortgaged Properties 
and intermediate 
holding company 
between them and 
LPML 
Finco 
Issuer

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
As at 31 March 2022 the Estate and the FCAs were made up as follows:  
 
VALUATION BY CLASSIFICATION 
ESTATE AND FCAs 
 
£
 
%
Offices - London 
 
6,659,390,000
 
59.2
Offices - UK (other than London) 
 
23,470,000
 
0.2
Shops and Shopping centres - London 
 
1,295,305,000
 
11.5
Shops and Shopping centres - UK (other than 
London) 
 
1,715,780,000
 
15.3
Retail Warehouses 
 
466,200,000
 
4.1
Residential 
 
58,025,000
 
0.5
Leisure and Hotels 
 
1,022,609,000
 
9.1
TOTAL 
 
11,240,779,000
 
100.0
 
The valuation in the table above is based on the valuation as at 31 March 2022 of each of the 
Mortgaged Properties comprising the Estate and the FCAs as at that date made by the Valuers 
after applying the Valuation Haircut.  
The Valuation of the Estate and the FCAs issued by the Valuers as at 31 March 2022 is 
reproduced in summary form in Chapter 12 “Valuation of the Estate”, page 257, below. Between 
1 April 2022 and the date of this Base Prospectus, one Mortgaged Property comprised in the 
Estate as at 31 March 2022 has been disposed of and released from the Estate, and two other 
properties owned by the Landsec Group have been charged as Mortgaged Properties and added 
to the Estate.  
Debt Structure of the Security Group 
Funding Options 
The Security Group has a number of funding options open to it under the transaction structure. 
Subject to the satisfaction of various conditions (which conditions are described in greater detail 
below): 
1. 
FinCo may from time to time request that the Issuer issues Notes under the Programme 
(see “— The Programme”, page 30, above). Upon the issue of the Notes, an amount 
equal to the face value of the Notes issued by the Issuer will be advanced to FinCo under 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement. Where the Notes are issued at a discount, a reverse 
premium equal to the amount of the discount will be paid by FinCo to the Issuer. 
Conversely, where the Notes are issued at a premium, an amount equal to the premium 
will be paid by the Issuer to FinCo. The Intercompany Loan Agreement provides for 
separate ICL Loans to be made to FinCo, with each ICL Loan corresponding to a 
particular Sub-Class of Notes issued by the Issuer. No other Obligor may request that 
Notes be issued by the Issuer and/or borrow from the Issuer under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement. 
2. 
FinCo and any other member of the Security Group may from time to time enter into a 
broad range of credit facility agreements with credit providers which are either (a) secured

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
upon the Estate and any other assets of the Security Group or (b) (other than in the case 
of FinCo) unsecured. 
The contractual relationship between the Security Group (on the one hand) and the Issuer, the 
ACF Providers and other secured creditors of the Security Group (on the other hand) is regulated 
by the Obligor Transaction Documents and, in particular, the Common Terms Agreement and the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed (see Chapter 1 “Transaction Overview”, page 18 et seq., 
above and Chapter 4 “Description of the Principal Transaction Documents”, page 84 et seq., 
below). The Common Terms Agreement regulates the operational activities of the Security Group 
and contains provisions relating to, among other things, the following: 
(a) 
the mechanism for determining which covenants form part of the covenants package 
which applies to the Security Group at any time; 
(b) 
the introduction of Obligors into, and removal of Obligors from, the Security Group; 
(c) 
the introduction of Mortgaged Properties into, and release of Mortgaged Properties from, 
the Estate; 
(d) 
the merger of leasehold Mortgaged Properties with superior leasehold or freehold 
Mortgaged Properties; 
(e) 
the release of any rights and/or easements attached to Mortgaged Properties; 
(f) 
the raising, repayment and Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans by the Security Group; 
and 
(g) 
deposits into and withdrawals from the Obligor Accounts. 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed contain provisions in respect of, among other things, 
the following: 
(i) 
the rights and obligations of the Obligor Secured Creditors among themselves; 
(ii) 
the creation of security by the Security Group for the benefit of the Obligor Secured 
Creditors; and 
(iii) 
the application of proceeds made available by the Security Group for the repayment or 
Prepayment of its Financial Indebtedness prior to, and following enforcement of, the 
security. 
Any creditor providing credit (other than the Issuer) on a secured basis as described in paragraph 
2 above will become a party to the Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed as an ACF Provider (“ACF” denoting an authorised credit facility), and the 
relevant credit agreement will constitute an ACF Agreement. Providers of Unsecured Debt to the 
Security Group will not (unless they are already a party in respect of a pre-existing ACF 
Agreement) become a party to the Common Terms Agreement or the Security Trust and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Intercreditor Deed, and a credit agreement for such Unsecured Debt will not constitute an ACF 
Agreement. 
FinCo is entitled to use the proceeds of any ICL Loans for any lawful purpose, and FinCo, which 
is the borrower under the Existing ACF Agreements, is entitled to use these facilities for any lawful 
purpose, including on-lending amounts to other members of the Security Group. Land Securities 
(Finance) Limited is entitled, subject to compliance with the Restricted Payment Covenant, to on-
lend any funds received by it to the Non-Restricted Group. An Obligor may also utilise any ACF 
Agreement for such purposes as may be agreed with the relevant ACF Provider(s) including, 
without limitation, to support the issuance by it of commercial paper by using a facility under such 
ACF Agreement as a backstop facility. 
Liquidity and Hedging 
FinCo may (and may become obliged to) enter into one or more Liquidity Facility Agreements 
pursuant to which FinCo may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions to be agreed with 
the relevant Liquidity Facility Provider(s), draw amounts thereunder to meet certain of its payment 
obligations under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and certain other obligations ranking senior 
thereto or to on-lend such amounts to any Obligor in order to enable such Obligor to meet certain 
of its obligations under any ACF Agreement and certain other obligations ranking senior thereto, 
in each case where FinCo or such other Obligor (as the case may be) has insufficient funds 
available to it to do so. Alternatively, FinCo may comply with its obligations to provide liquidity by 
creating a separate liquidity reserve for that purpose (rather than entering into a committed 
Liquidity Facility Agreement) (see “— Liquidity Facility Agreements – Mandatory Liquidity 
Provisions”, page 112, below). At the date of this Base Prospectus, no Liquidity Facility Agreement 
has been entered into.  
It is anticipated that if any liquidity drawings are made under any committed Liquidity Facility, 
FinCo will be required to repay the outstanding balance of any such liquidity drawings on the next 
succeeding Loan Payment Date. 
The Obligors are required to hedge interest rate and/or currency exposures of the Security Group 
to certain pre-specified levels (see “— Swap Agreements and Hedging Covenant”, page 113 
below and “— Hedging Arrangements”, page 229, below). The Obligors will manage the Security 
Group’s interest rate and currency exposures by entering into Swap Agreements with various 
Swap Counterparties.  
Debt Ranking 
Financial Indebtedness incurred by the Security Group is either (i) secured on the Estate and 
other assets of the Security Group or (ii) Unsecured Debt. In the case of any Secured Financial 
Indebtedness of the Security Group, the Security Group designates the ranking of such Secured 
Financial Indebtedness as Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt in accordance 
with a procedure set out in the Common Terms Agreement (see “— Common Terms Agreement”, 
page 84 et seq., below). The rights of the Obligor Secured Creditors in respect of such Secured 
Financial Indebtedness will be regulated by the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Payments due from any Obligor to any Swap Counterparty under any Swap Agreement and from 
FinCo to any Liquidity Facility Provider under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (other than in 
respect of Swap Subordinated Amounts, Swap Termination Amounts and Liquidity Facility 
Subordinated Amounts) rank in point of security ahead of Priority 1 Debt. 
Swap Termination Amounts rank in point of security pari passu with interest on Priority 1 Debt. 
Swap Termination Amounts and Swap Subordinated Amounts may, however, be discharged 
otherwise than pursuant to the Security Group Priority of Payments to the extent of any premium 
received from a replacement swap counterparty. 
Priority 1 Debt as at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises outstanding amounts on the ICL 
Loans (in an aggregate principal amount of £2,356,042,500) and the ACF Loans (in an aggregate 
principal amount of £1,590,000,000). Priority 1 Debt will rank in point of security ahead of Priority 
2 Debt, which will in turn rank in point of security ahead of Subordinated Debt. The ranking in 
point of security of any particular item of Subordinated Debt vis-à-vis other items of Subordinated 
Debt is agreed between the Security Group and the relevant Debtholders and designated in 
accordance with the terms of the Common Terms Agreement (and, in the case of any further ICL 
Loans, the Final Terms for the corresponding Sub-Class of Notes will specify such ranking).  
The Intercompany Loan Agreement is structured to accommodate different ICL Loans which may 
rank in point of security as Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt. 
ACF Agreements may similarly be structured to accommodate ACF Loans with different levels of 
priority in point of security. 
Debt Levels and Covenant Regimes 
The Common Terms Agreement regulates, among other things, how much Financial 
Indebtedness may be incurred by the Security Group and the corresponding amount of Priority 1 
Debt, Priority 2 Debt, Subordinated Debt and Unsecured Debt that may be outstanding from time 
to time. Two main financial indicators are used to determine the levels of Financial Indebtedness 
that can be sustained by the Security Group from time to time: these are the LTV, which, broadly, 
is a measure expressed as a percentage of the amount of net debt outstanding of the Security 
Group against the value of the Estate and any FCAs, and the projected ICR, which, broadly, is a 
measure expressed as a ratio of the net income generated by the Security Group against the net 
interest payable by the Security Group, in each case as projected by the Security Group in relation 
to a 12-month period. 
In addition, the LTV and ICR (calculated on a projected basis and, in certain circumstances, an 
historical basis) as measured from time to time will determine the level of restriction imposed on 
the operational flexibility of the Security Group (the level of restriction being graded in tiers by 
reference to the levels of the applicable ratio tests from time to time) (see “— Common Terms 
Agreement”, page 84, below for a more detailed description of these ratio tests and how and when 
they are measured). These tests are referred to in the Common Terms Agreement as the “Tier 
Tests” and the “Additional Tier Tests”, and there are four covenant regimes which apply depending 
on the outcome of the Tier Tests or Additional Tier Tests (see “— Common Terms Agreement”, 
page 84, below).

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
In calculating the LTV and the ICRs of the Security Group both Secured Financial Indebtedness 
and Unsecured Debt are taken into account. Contingent liabilities in the form of certain guarantees 
and Performance Bonds granted or issued by any member of the Security Group are brought into 
the calculation of the LTV (see the definition of “LTV”— Glossary of Defined Terms”, page 308, 
below). For these purposes, such contingencies are valued at the maximum principal amount 
covered by the relevant guarantee or, in the case of Performance Bonds, at 15 per cent. of the 
fixed, liquidated or maximum amount covered by the relevant Performance Bond (in each case 
excluding finance charges). Guaranteed interest is not, however, taken into account for ICR 
purposes unless claimed or projected to be claimed under the relevant guarantee. 
Security Structure of the Issuer and the Security Group 
 
• 
References above to “all Obligor secured debt” are references to all Obligor debt owed to 
Obligor Secured Creditors. In the context of floating charges securing “all Obligor secured 
debt”, the ICL Loans are excluded as the Issuer is granted separate floating charges to 
secure the ICL Loans (which are then assigned to the Note Trustee as security for, inter 
alia, the Notes). 
• 
Each of the Obligor Secured Creditors shares in security over the same assets and has 
the benefit of a common set of covenants, representations and warranties which are set 
out in the Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. The 
set of covenants granted by the Security Group will apply to varying extents from time to 
time depending on the results of the calculations of the Tier Tests. 
 
Noteholders 
Note Trustee 
Beneficial 
interest in 
Issuer Security 
to secure Notes 
Issuer 
Finco 
Other 
Obligors 
(including 
Land 
Securites 
PLC) 
Obligor 
Security 
Trustee 
Liquidity Facility 
Providers 
ACF Providers 
Swap 
Counterparties 
Fixed and 
floating security 
overall issuer’s 
assets including 
assignment of 
all security 
interests of the 
Issuer under the 
Obligor Security 
Documents 
Beneficial interest in 
guarantees and fixed 
and floating security to 
secure ICL Loans 
Beneficial interest in 
guarantees and 
fixed and floating 
security to secure 
ACF Loans/Liquidity 
Facilities/Swaps 
Guarantee in 
respect of all Obligor 
secured debt and 
fixed and floating 
security to secure all 
Obligor secured 
Guarantee in 
respect of all Obligor 
secured debt and 
fixed and floating 
security to secure all 
Obligor secured 
debt

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
• 
The Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee are obliged to distribute security 
enforcement proceeds in accordance with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. This 
will require all proceeds of all security (including the proceeds of Guarantees) held by the 
Note Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee to be distributed such that, where ICL 
Loans and ACF Loans share the same priority ranking in point of security, they will, on 
enforcement of the security, participate in the available proceeds to be applied in the 
discharge of such debt pro rata and pari passu. 
• 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed expressly permits each member of the Security 
Group to deal freely with its property and other assets save to the extent that it is restricted 
by the provisions set out in certain Obligor Transaction Documents and the existence of 
security interests over the Mortgaged Properties from, inter alia, disposing of real estate 
assets, disposing of shares in members of the Security Group and making withdrawals 
from certain bank accounts (see “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, 
below). 
• 
FinCo and each other Obligor have granted (a) fixed and floating security over all of their 
assets in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee who holds the benefit of such security on 
trust for the Obligor Secured Creditors (other than the Issuer in respect of the floating 
security) and (b) a separate floating charge over all of their assets in favour of the Issuer 
(see “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, below for a further description). 
• 
In addition, each Obligor guarantees the obligations of (a) FinCo in respect of the ICL 
Loans and (b) each of the other Obligors (including FinCo) in respect of the ACF Loans 
and the Obligor Transaction Documents generally. 
• 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes and the Issuer Transaction Documents are 
secured by the Issuer (a) granting fixed security and floating security over all of its 
property, undertaking and assets and (b) assigning by way of security its beneficial 
interest in the Obligor Security, in each case, in favour of the Note Trustee under the 
Issuer Deed of Charge. See “— Issuer Deed of Charge”, page 233, below for a detailed 
description of the security granted by the Issuer.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Cashflows 
 
* 
Swap Agreements may be entered into with FinCo or other Financial SPV Obligors 
** 
Land Securities PLC and certain other Obligors may, in accordance with the terms of the 
Common Terms Agreement, also enter into agreements for the incurrence of Unsecured 
Debt and Euro Commercial Paper 
• 
The Issuer may, on any Issue Date and subject to certain conditions, issue Class A Notes, 
Class B Notes, Class R1 Notes, Class R2 Notes or any Class of Subordinated Notes 
under the Programme. 
• 
Following such issuance, the Issuer will advance an amount equal to the face value of 
the issued Notes to FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement. Where the Notes 
are issued at a discount, a reverse premium equal to the amount of the discount will be 
paid by FinCo to the Issuer. Conversely, where the Notes are issued at a premium, an 
amount equal to the premium will be paid by the Issuer to FinCo. There will be a separate 
advance by the Issuer to FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement in respect of 
each Sub-Class of Notes issued in such Series, each such advance being an ICL Loan 
and having a rate of interest equal to that payable in respect of the corresponding Sub-
Class plus 0.01% per annum. In addition, FinCo will be required to pay to the Issuer from 
time to time an Ongoing Facility Fee in an amount equal to all sums which the Issuer is 
required to pay in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, new issuance fees 
and regulatory expenses, but excluding payments in respect of interest on and payments 
or repayments of principal and premia in respect thereof) or by way of corporate outgoings 
which would otherwise be unfunded. 
Noteholders 
Issuer 
Issue of 
New Notes 
FinCo 
Liquidity Facility 
Providers 
ACF Providers 
Swap 
Counterparties* 
Further ICL 
Loans 
Swap Agreements 
entered into in 
accordance with 
Hedging Covenants 
Consideration 
Land Securities 
PLC** 
LSF 
Non-Restricted 
Group Entities 
Other Obligors** 
Possible 
on-loan 
Possible 
on-loan 
ACF Loans 
Liquidity 
Facilities

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
• 
The Issuer’s obligations to pay principal and interest on the Notes are intended to be met 
exclusively from the payments of principal and interest received by the Issuer from FinCo 
under the ICL Loans. 
• 
The Obligors may incur further Financial Indebtedness (whether by way of Further ACF 
Loans under any Existing ACF Agreement or under any Further ACF Agreements or 
(other than in the case of FinCo) by way of Unsecured Debt (such Unsecured Debt to 
include the ECP Programme)) (subject to certain limited exceptions). In order for any new 
Financial Indebtedness to become Secured Financial Indebtedness, debt facilities 
entered into by any Obligor are required to be designated as Secured Financial 
Indebtedness under the nomination procedure set out in the Common Terms Agreement 
(see further “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, below), and the relevant 
new provider of financing facilities will also be required to accede to the Common Terms 
Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
• 
The ability of any Obligor to incur Further Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt, Subordinated 
Debt and Unsecured Debt is subject to the relevant Headroom Tests being satisfied in 
those circumstances in which such tests are required to be carried out and to such 
borrowings not being Prohibited Transactions or, in certain circumstances, causing a 
breach of restrictions on the amount of Financial Indebtedness that can fall due during a 
specified period or after a specified date (see “— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 
108, below and “— Maturity Restrictions”, page 110, below). 
• 
The Obligors are required, under the terms of the Common Terms Agreement, to hedge 
the Security Group’s interest rate and currency exposures under Non-Contingent Loans, 
including the ICL Loans and the ACF Loans in accordance with the Hedging Covenant 
(see “— Swap Agreements and Hedging Covenant”, page 113 below). 
• 
FinCo may (and may be required to) enter into one or more Liquidity Facility Agreements 
under which, or alternatively create cash reserves from which, it may (or shall) make 
liquidity drawings to meet shortfalls in the amounts available to it to meet certain 
payments due in respect of ICL Loans (which in turn will be applied to meet payments on 
the Notes) or ACF Loans and certain other obligations ranking senior thereto or to on-
lend amounts to any other Obligor in order to enable such Obligor to meet its payment 
obligations in respect of ACF Loans and certain other obligations ranking senior thereto 
(see “— Liquidity Facility Agreements”, page 25, above). 
Outstanding Debt Between the Security Group and the Non-Restricted Group 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is an outstanding debt between Land Securities 
(Finance) Limited (“LSF”) in the Security Group and Land Securities Properties Limited (“LSP”) 
in the Non-Restricted Group under the Day One Loan. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
approximately £1,005,000,000 was owed by LSP to LSF – see “— Land Securities Intra-Group 
Funding Deed” page 228. Cash management arrangements are in place so that for any ongoing 
payment obligations between the Security Group and the Non-Restricted Security Group such 
that all obligations will be owed between LSP and LSF.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Chapter 4 
Description of the Principal Transaction Documents 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents, and is 
qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the Transaction Documents 
themselves. 
A. 
COMMON TERMS AGREEMENT 
The Issuer, FinCo, the other Original Obligors, the Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the 
Initial ACF Providers and the other Obligor Secured Creditors, on the Exchange Date entered into 
the Common Terms Agreement (as amended from time to time) which sets out, among other 
things: 
(a) 
the procedures pursuant to which Eligible Obligors can become members of the Security 
Group and Obligors can cease to be members of the Security Group (see “— The Security 
Group”, page 85, below); 
(b) 
detailed provisions relating to the introduction, disposal and intra-Security Group transfer 
of Mortgaged Properties and other assets (see “— The Estate”, page 89, below); 
(c) 
detailed provisions regarding the circumstances in which the Security Group may change 
the composition or holding structure of the Mortgaged Properties and/or composition of 
the Security Group itself and/or make modifications to the terms and conditions of the 
Common Terms Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documents (see “— 
Restructuring of the Security Group and the Estate”, page 99, below); 
(d) 
detailed provisions relating to the initial and future debt structure of the Security Group 
(see “– Debt Structure of the Security Group”, page 81, below);  
(e) 
detailed provisions concerning the performance of certain financial ratio tests that the 
Obligors will be required to perform from time to time (see “— Testing”, page 122, below); 
(f) 
detailed provisions for determining which covenant regime will apply to the Security Group 
from time to time depending on the results of certain financial ratio tests referred to above 
(see “–– Determining the Applicable Covenant Regime”, page 133, below); 
(g) 
different sets of covenants that will or will not apply to the Security Group depending on 
which covenant regime applies from time to time (see “— T1 Covenants”, page 136, “— 
T2 Covenants”, page 149, “— Initial T3 Covenants”, page 150 and “— Final T3 
Covenants”, page 152, below); 
(h) 
detailed provisions relating to deposits into and withdrawals from the Obligor Accounts 
(see “–– Special Provisions Concerning Obligor Accounts”, page 153, below); 
(i) 
the representations and warranties given by each Obligor on the Exchange Date and to 
be given on each Reporting Date (see “–– Representations and Warranties of Each 
Obligor”, page 162, below); and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(j) 
the Obligor Events of Default and the remedies available upon their occurrence (see “— 
Obligor Events of Default and Remedy”, page 166, below). 
The Security Group 
Security Group 
The Security Group comprises at the date of this Base Prospectus the companies listed in 
Schedule 1 (Details of Obligors as at the Date of this Base Prospectus). Certain Original Obligors 
are Relevant Members. Certain of the properties owned by such Relevant Members which were 
included in the Estate were made subject to the RM Security Structure described in “— Trust 
Declarations and Beneficiary Undertakings”, page 214, below. 
Additional Obligors 
The Principal Obligor may nominate any Eligible Obligor to become a member of the Security 
Group by delivering the following documents to the Obligor Security Trustee and (other than 
paragraph (b) below) the Note Trustee: 
(a) 
deeds of accession to (among other documents) the Common Terms Agreement, the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, the Tax Deed of Covenant, the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement, the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement and the 
Servicing Agreement (together the “Obligor Accession Deeds”, the forms of which will 
be set out in the Common Terms Agreement), executed in counterpart by the nominated 
Eligible Obligor and the Principal Obligor; 
(b) 
if the nominated Eligible Obligor is an incorporated entity, the share certificates in respect 
of that portion (if any) of the issued share capital of such nominated Eligible Obligor which 
is at that time held by any other Obligor and such other documents as the Obligor Security 
Trustee may require in order to perfect the Obligor Security Trustee’s security interest in 
such shares, together with, where such Eligible Obligor is incorporated in a jurisdiction 
other than England and Wales, the Agreed Form of Security Document in respect of such 
issued share capital and (where available as a matter of law) any future share capital of 
the nominated Eligible Obligor held by such shareholding Obligor, which creates the 
Agreed Form of Security in respect of such share capital in favour of the Obligor Security 
Trustee; 
(c) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories confirming, among other things: (1) the 
authority of each person executing the Obligor Accession Deed and (if applicable) the 
Agreed Form of Security Document in respect of the shares in the capital of such 
nominated Eligible Obligor, (2) that the introduction of such Eligible Obligor into the 
Security Group is not a Prohibited Transaction and (3) that the Issuer has lent or will lend 
to the nominated Eligible Obligor the sum of £1,000 on the date of its accession to, and 
on the terms of, the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement; 
(d) 
one or more Agreed Forms of Legal Opinion (as required), addressed to (among others) 
the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note Trustee and the Dealers, from an Approved Firm 
or Approved Firms which confirm all of the following:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(i) 
the Obligor Accession Deeds (and any security created thereby) is legal, valid, 
binding and enforceable and (in relation to the security created thereby) that no 
further steps (other than those steps which such Approved Firm undertakes to 
carry out within any applicable time limits, which shall include submitting 
necessary applications for registration) are required to be taken for the 
attachment and perfection of such security; 
(ii) 
the nominated Eligible Obligor has the capacity to enter into and has duly 
authorised the execution and entry into of the Obligor Accession Deeds; and 
(iii) 
if applicable: 
(A) 
the Obligor owning any shares in the nominated Eligible Obligor (the 
“Owner”) has the capacity to enter into and has duly authorised the 
execution and entry into of the Agreed Form of Security Document in 
relation to such shares; 
(B) 
if such share capital was transferred to the Owner during the period of 
five years which ends on the date (the “Obligor Accession Date”) upon 
which it is proposed that such Eligible Obligor is to become an Additional 
Obligor (or, if shorter, the period commencing on the Exchange Date and 
ending on the Obligor Accession Date) by any entity who is as at the 
Obligor Accession Date and who was at the time of such transfer a Non-
Restricted Group Entity or another Obligor, that (A) the Approved Firm 
giving the relevant opinion has requested a director or other authorised 
officer of the transferor to identify all agreements which may, to the best 
of such directors or authorised officer’s knowledge and belief, have 
prohibited the transfer to the Owner and has either (1) reviewed all such 
agreements so notified to it by such director or other authorised officer 
and opined that no such agreement prohibited the transfer of such shares 
to the Owner or (2) been notified by such director or the authorised officer 
that, to the best of the knowledge and belief of such director or other 
authorised officer, no such agreements existed at the time of transfer and 
(B) such Approved Firm has requested a director or other authorised 
officer of the Owner to confirm whether the granting of security by the 
Owner over such shares has any connection with the acquisition of 
shares in any company and has either (1) considered any such 
connection notified to it by such director and opined, based on the 
matters so notified to it and on the assumption that all factual statements 
made to it are correct, that such granting of security does not breach any 
applicable legal prohibition of the giving of financial assistance in 
connection with such acquisition of shares or (2) been advised by such 
director or other authorised officer that no such connection exists; and 
(C) 
the security created in respect of such shares by such Agreed Form of 
Security Document is legal, valid, binding and enforceable under its 
governing law and that no further steps (other than those steps which 
such Approved Firm undertakes to carry out within any applicable time

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
limits, which shall include submitting necessary applications for 
registration) are required to be taken for the attachment and perfection of 
such security under such law. 
The Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee are required and obliged to countersign the 
Obligor Accession Deeds within five Business Days of receiving all of the documents referred to 
above. Upon countersignature of such deeds by the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note 
Trustee, the nominated Eligible Obligor will become an Additional Obligor, will become a party in 
such capacity to (among other documents) the agreements and deeds referred to in paragraph 
(a) above and will have granted the fixed and floating charges granted by the Obligors pursuant 
to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement. 
It is the intention of the Obligors that each Additional Obligor will undertake to the other Obligors 
that it will not do anything to prejudice the continuation of Common Control in relation to itself. 
Released Obligors 
The Principal Obligor may nominate any Obligor (other than FinCo, HoldCo and SubCo) to be 
released from the Security Group by delivering the following documents to the Obligor Security 
Trustee and the Note Trustee: 
(a) 
if such nominated Obligor is not a Dormant Obligor, all of the following to the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the certificate referred to in paragraph (iii) below to the Note Trustee: 
(i) 
a Property Release (executed in counterpart by each Obligor which holds a legal 
or beneficial interest in the Mortgaged Properties held by such nominated 
Obligor) in respect of each of the nominated Obligor’s Mortgaged Properties; and 
(ii) 
an Intellectual Property Release (executed in counterpart by the nominated 
Obligor) in respect of any Intellectual Property Right in respect of which the 
nominated Obligor has provided fixed security pursuant to the Obligor Security 
Documents; and 
(iii) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories which (inter alia): 
(A) 
confirms that such nominated Obligor is either (1) being or is to be 
Disposed of to a person outside the Security Group pursuant to a 
transaction on arm’s length terms (and, if the Initial T3 Covenant Regime 
or the Final T3 Covenant Regime applies, that such Disposal is to be 
completed on the same Business Day as the execution by the Obligor 
Security Trustee of the documents referred to below) or (2) owned by a 
person who is not a member of the Security Group; 
(B) 
confirms that either (1) no Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing unwaived or (2) an Obligor Event of Default is continuing and 
the Disposal of such nominated Obligor would have the effect of 
remedying such Obligor Event of Default (or is part of a series of

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
transactions scheduled to complete within a single 30-day period that will, 
together, have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event of Default); 
(C) 
if such nominated Obligor is being or is to be Disposed of as described 
in (iii)(A)(1) above, specifies the expected amount of Sales Proceeds 
from, or other consideration for, the Disposal of such nominated Obligor; 
(D) 
if such nominated Obligor is being or is to be Disposed of as described 
in (iii)(A)(1) above, sets out any confirmations required by the Tax Deed 
of Covenant to be given at that time in respect of the Disposal of such 
nominated Obligor; 
(E) 
if such nominated Obligor is being or is to be Disposed of as described 
in (iii)(A)(1) above and a deposit is required to be made in accordance 
with the Tax Deed of Covenant in respect of the Disposal of such 
nominated Obligor, confirms that such deposit has been made or that 
irrevocable instructions (subject to completion of the Disposal) have been 
given for the payment of the deposit into the relevant Tax Reserve 
Account; and 
(F) 
confirms that the Disposal of such Obligor and/or the removal of such 
Obligor’s Mortgaged Properties from the Estate is not a Prohibited 
Transaction; or 
(b) 
if such nominated Obligor is a Dormant Obligor, a certificate to that effect signed by two 
directors of the Principal Obligor which confirms or sets out, as the case may be, the 
information required in paragraphs (B), (D), (E) and (F) above. 
Within two Business Days of receiving all of the documents referred to in paragraph (a) or (b) 
above (as applicable), the Note Trustee will be required and obliged to execute a deed of release 
(the form of which is set out in the Common Terms Agreement) releasing the security held by the 
Issuer over the assets of the nominated Obligor pursuant to the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement and the Obligor Security Trustee will be required and obliged to execute: 
(a) 
any Property Release in respect of such nominated Obligor’s Mortgaged Properties; 
(b) 
any Intellectual Property Release in respect of any Intellectual Property Right in respect 
of which the nominated Obligor has provided fixed security pursuant to the Obligor 
Security Documents; 
(c) 
such other documents as the Obligors may provide to the Obligor Security Trustee in 
order to release the fixed security held by the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the 
Obligor Transaction Documents in respect of the shares in the nominated Obligor and 
such nominated Obligor’s assets not otherwise released as mentioned in paragraphs (a) 
and (b) above; and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(d) 
a deed (in a form to be set out in the Common Terms Agreement) releasing such 
nominated Obligor and the shares of such nominated Obligor from all of its obligations 
under the Obligor Transaction Documents. 
Upon the Obligor Security Trustee’s execution of the documents referred to in paragraphs (a) to 
and (b) above, such nominated Obligor will be a Released Obligor and will cease to be an Obligor 
for all purposes under the Transaction Documents and any tax deposits made by the nominated 
Obligor that are no longer required to be maintained following that Obligor becoming a Released 
Obligor shall be released. 
Intra-Security Group Disposals of Obligors 
The Obligors are permitted to make an Intra-Security Group Disposal of an Obligor, provided only 
that: 
(a) 
prior to such Disposal, the Obligors deliver to the Obligor Security Trustee a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories confirming that (a) either (1) no Obligor Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing unwaived or (2) an Obligor Event of Default is 
continuing unwaived but such Disposal would have the effect of remedying such Obligor 
Event of Default (or is part of a series of transactions scheduled to complete within a 
single 30-day period that will, together, have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event 
of Default), (b) sets out any confirmations required to be given under the Tax Deed of 
Covenant relating to such Disposal which are required to be given before such Disposal 
and (c) if a deposit is required to be made under the Tax Deed of Covenant in respect of 
the Disposal, such deposit has been made or irrevocable instructions (subject to 
completion of the Disposal) have been given for the payment of such deposit into the 
relevant Tax Reserve Account; and 
(b) 
if the disposed Obligor is an incorporated entity, immediately following such Disposal, the 
acquiring Obligor delivers to the Obligor Security Trustee (among other things) the share 
certificates (if not already held by the Obligor Security Trustee) in respect of that portion 
of the issued share capital of the disposed Obligor transferred to the acquiring Obligor or 
such other documents as the Obligor Security Trustee may require in order to perfect the 
Obligor Security Trustee’s security interest in such shares, together with, where such 
disposed Obligor is incorporated in a jurisdiction other than England and Wales, the 
Agreed Form of Security Document in respect of such issued share capital and (where 
available as a matter of law) any future share capital of the disposed Obligor held by such 
acquiring Obligor, which creates the Agreed Form of Security in respect of such share 
capital in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee. 
The Estate 
The Estate comprises all of the Mortgaged Properties owned by the Obligors from time to time. 
Each Original Obligor has granted (a) fixed and floating security over all of its assets (including 
all its Eligible Properties intended to be comprised in the Estate, any partnership or joint venture 
interest that it owns, any Obligor Accounts in its name and any shares it holds in any other Obligor) 
to the Obligor Security Trustee under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and (b) separate 
floating charge security over the same in favour of the Issuer under the Obligor Floating Charge

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
Agreement (see “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 171 below, and “— Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement”, page 214, below, for a description of the security to be created by 
each Obligor and Chapter 10 “Landsec Group Business and Information regarding the Estate”, 
page 249, below for further information regarding the Initial Estate). 
The Common Terms Agreement contains provisions to enable from time to time the addition of 
new Mortgaged Properties to, and the release of Mortgaged Properties from, the Estate. 
Additional Mortgaged Properties 
Any Obligor may from time to time nominate any Eligible Property (a “Nominated Eligible 
Property”) held by one or more Obligors for inclusion in the Estate by providing notice of such 
nomination to the Obligor Security Trustee, together with (among other things): 
(a) 
an Agreed Form of Security Document in relation to such Nominated Eligible Property 
duly executed by the Obligor(s) that hold(s) the legal and beneficial title in the Nominated 
Eligible Property (the “Property Owner”), which creates the Agreed Form of Security in 
respect of the Nominated Eligible Property in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(b) 
an Agreed Form of Legal Opinion (addressed to (among others) the Obligor Security 
Trustee and the Dealers) from an Approved Firm confirming that (A) the security created 
by such Agreed Form of Security Document is legal, valid, binding and enforceable under 
its governing law and that no further steps (other than those steps which such Approved 
Firm undertakes to carry out within any applicable time limits, which shall include 
submitting necessary applications for registration) are required to be taken for the 
attachment and perfection of such security under such law, (B) the Property Owner has 
the capacity to enter into and has duly authorised the execution and entry into of such 
Agreed Form of Security Document, (C) if the Nominated Eligible Property was 
transferred during the period of five years which ends on the date (the “Mortgage Date”) 
upon which it is proposed that such Nominated Eligible Property is to become an 
Additional Mortgaged Property (or, if shorter, the period commencing on the Exchange 
Date and ending on the Mortgage Date) by one or more entities who are as at the 
Mortgage Date and were at the time of such transfer a Non Restricted Group Entity or 
another Obligor, that the Approved Firm has requested a director or other authorised 
officer of the transferor to identify all agreements which may, to the best of such director 
or authorised officer’s knowledge and belief, have prohibited such transfer and has either 
(1) reviewed all such agreements so notified to it by such director or other authorised 
officer and opined that no such agreement prohibited the transfer of such Nominated 
Eligible Property or (2) been notified by such director or other authorised officer that, to 
the best of the knowledge and belief of such director or other authorised officer, no such 
agreements existed at the time of transfer and (D) such Approved Firm has requested a 
director or other authorised officer of the Property Owner to confirm whether the granting 
of security over the Nominated Eligible Property has any connection with the acquisition 
of any shares in any company and has either (1) considered any such connection notified 
to it by such director or authorised officer and opined, based on the matters so notified to 
it and on the assumption that all factual statements made to it are correct, that such 
granting of security does not breach any applicable legal prohibition of the giving of

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
financial assistance in connection with such acquisition or (2) been advised by such 
director or other authorised officer that no such connection exists; 
(c) 
if the Nominated Eligible Property has a Market Value in excess of £50,000,000 (subject 
to Indexation), an Agreed Form of Certificate of Title or Report on Title (updated, or 
confirmed as remaining accurate, in the case of a Reintroduced Property) from an 
Approved Firm (which certificate, report or confirmation is dated not more than 12 months 
before the Mortgage Date); 
(d) 
a copy of the most recent Valuation Report for such Nominated Eligible Property (unless 
such property is a Trading Property) which (i) is addressed to the Obligor Security Trustee 
and (ii) confirms that the reports (if any) on environmental due diligence carried out in 
respect of such property, and any deficiencies in the title to such property (in each case 
of which the Valuers have been notified prior to the date of such Valuation Report), have 
been taken into account by the Valuers in reaching their determination of the Market Value 
of such property; 
(e) 
if the Nominated Eligible Property was transferred during the period of two years which 
ends on the Mortgage Date (or, if shorter, the period commencing on the Exchange Date 
and ending on the Mortgage Date) by one or more companies who are as at the Mortgage 
Date, and who were at the time of such transfer, members of the Security Group (other 
than the Property Owner) or the Non-Restricted Group, a certificate from two Authorised 
Signatories confirming that all such previous transferors were solvent on the dates upon 
which they transferred such property;  
(f) 
a certificate from two Authorised Signatories confirming (among other things): (1) the 
Mortgage Date in respect of the Nominated Eligible Property; (2) whether or not the 
Nominated Eligible Property is a Trading Property; (3) that the Property Owner was 
solvent on the date on which it granted the security referred to in paragraph (a) above 
and that the Property Owner has taken all necessary action to authorise its entry into, 
performance and delivery of the relevant Agreed Form of Security Document; (4) unless 
the Nominated Eligible Property has a Market Value of less than or equal to £50,000,000 
(subject to Indexation) or is a Reintroduced Property, that (A) the Security Group carried 
out “desk-top” environmental searches in respect of such property in accordance with the 
Security Group’s internally recommended practice from time to time and complied with 
such recommendations for any further investigations made by the relevant environmental 
consultant which accord with principles of good estate management practice applicable 
to a property of a type similar to the Nominated Eligible Property, and (B) where the 
Nominated Eligible Property is not a Trading Property, the Valuers were made aware of 
the contents of such searches, the results of such further investigations and of any 
deficiencies in the title to such property in connection with their valuation of such property 
in the most recent Valuation Report; (5) that the introduction of the Nominated Eligible 
Property into the Estate is not a Prohibited Transaction; (6) the relevant Sector (or 
Sectors) and Region for the Nominated Eligible Property; and (7) if the Valuation Report 
referred to in paragraph (d) above is dated more than six months prior to the Mortgage 
Date in respect of such Nominated Eligible Property, that there has been no material 
adverse change in the market value of such property (in the opinion of the Obligors, acting 
reasonably) since the date of such report; and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(g) 
an Agreed Form of Global Consent Letter in relation to such Nominated Eligible Property 
together with a letter requesting the execution of such Agreed Form of Global Consent 
Letter duly executed by the Principal Obligor, which letter shall include, for a Nominated 
Eligible Property located in Scotland only, an undertaking by the Principal Obligor not to 
release or authorise the release of any such Agreed Form of Global Consent Letter at any 
time after receipt of notice from the Obligor Security Trustee that the Agreed Form of 
Global Consent Letter in question has been revoked. 
The Nominated Eligible Property will become an Additional Mortgaged Property, and will form part 
of the Estate, immediately upon satisfaction of the relevant conditions set out above. 
Properties held by a person who is not an Obligor may only be introduced into the Estate by first 
causing the relevant property owner to become an Additional Obligor as described in “— 
Additional Obligors”, page 85, above. 
Certain properties owned by Obligors who are Relevant Members may be required to be secured 
pursuant to the Agreed Forms of RM Security Structure Documents in order to be introduced into 
the Estate. Furthermore, no Obligor that is incorporated, established or resident for tax purposes 
outside the United Kingdom may hold the legal title to a Mortgaged Property when the beneficial 
interest is held by another Obligor (unless it is an Eligible Obligor in relation to its holding of the 
legal title and the beneficial owner is also an Eligible Obligor in relation to its holding of the 
beneficial interest). 
The Obligors agree that whenever any real estate asset is acquired, they will carry out reasonably 
prudent due diligence as regards such asset, taking account of all relevant factors, including 
(without limitation) past use, value and commercial circumstances. 
Released Properties 
The Obligors may from time to time nominate one or more Mortgaged Properties for release from 
the Estate by delivering to the Obligor Security Trustee: 
(a) 
a Property Release in respect of each nominated property (executed in counterpart by 
each Obligor which holds a legal or beneficial interest in such nominated property); 
(b) 
if any Intellectual Property Right forming part of the Charged Property is used in 
connection with such nominated property, an Intellectual Property Release in respect of 
such Intellectual Property Right (executed in counterpart by the relevant Obligor(s) that 
charged such Intellectual Property Right in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant 
to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed); 
(c) 
such other releases (executed in counterpart, as necessary) as are required to release 
any security held by the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of assets which relate 
specifically to such nominated Mortgaged Properties; and 
(d) 
a certificate executed by two Authorised Signatories which:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(i) 
confirms that each nominated property is being Disposed of to one or more 
persons outside the Security Group pursuant to a transaction on arm’s length 
terms (and, if a T3 Covenant Regime applies, that such Disposal will be 
completed on the same Business Day as the execution of such Property Release 
by the Obligor Security Trustee); 
(ii) 
confirms that either (1) no Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived or (2) an Obligor Event of Default is continuing and the Disposal of such 
nominated property would have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event of 
Default (or is part of a series of transactions scheduled to complete within a single 
30-day period that will, together, have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event 
of Default); 
(iii) 
specifies the expected amount of Sales Proceeds from, or other consideration 
for, the Disposal of such nominated properties; 
(iv) 
sets out any confirmations required by the Tax Deed of Covenant to be given at 
that time in respect of the Disposal of such nominated properties; 
(v) 
(if a deposit is required to be made under the Tax Deed of Covenant in respect of 
the Disposal) confirms that such deposit has been made or that irrevocable 
instructions (subject to completion of the Disposal) have been given for the 
payment of such deposit into the relevant Tax Reserve Account; and 
(vi) 
confirms that the Disposal of such nominated properties is not a Prohibited 
Transaction. 
Within two Business Days following receipt of the foregoing documents, the Obligor Security 
Trustee will be required and obliged to execute the Property Release, any Intellectual Property 
Release and any other releases referred to in paragraph (c) above, whereupon such property will 
be a Released Property and will no longer form part of the Estate. 
Intra-Security Group Disposals of Mortgaged Properties 
The Obligors are permitted to make any Intra-Security Group Disposal of a Mortgaged Property, 
provided only that the following documents are delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee prior to 
such Disposal: 
(a) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories which (a) confirms that either (1) no 
Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing unwaived or (2) an Obligor Event 
of Default is continuing but such Disposal would have the effect of remedying the same 
(or is part of a series of transactions scheduled to complete within a single 30-day period 
that will, together, have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event of Default), (b) sets 
out any confirmations required to be given under the Tax Deed of Covenant relating to 
the Disposal of such Mortgaged Property which are required to be satisfied before such 
Disposal and (c) confirms that if a deposit is required to be made under the Tax Deed of 
Covenant in respect of the Disposal, that deposit has been made or that irrevocable

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
instructions (subject to completion of the Disposal) have been given for the payment of 
the deposit into the relevant Tax Reserve Account;  
(b) 
 (save where the Disposal is by way of a grant or a lease of the whole or part of a 
Mortgaged Property) an Agreed Form of Legal Opinion from an Approved Firm 
confirming, in respect of the Mortgaged Property, each of the matters set out in items (A) 
and (C) of paragraph (b) of “Additional Mortgaged Properties”, page 71 above, but so that 
the reference in item (A) thereof shall cover the continuing enforceability of the Agreed 
Form of Security Document executed by the transferee Obligor; and 
(c) 
where the Disposal is by way of a grant of a lease of the whole or part of a Mortgaged 
Property (so that the Principal Obligor nominates such lease as a Nominated Eligible 
Property (the “Nominated Lease”)): 
(i) 
each of the documents listed in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) (if applicable) and (f) under 
“Additional Mortgaged Properties”, page 71 above, in respect of the Nominated 
Lease; 
(ii) 
a certificate from the Valuers (addressed to the Obligor Security Trustee) 
confirming the Market Value of: 
(A) 
the Mortgaged Property or Mortgaged Properties out of which the 
Nominated Lease is to be granted (the “Relevant Mortgaged Property”) 
immediately prior to the grant of the Nominated Lease; 
(B) 
the Nominated Lease immediately following the grant of the Nominated 
Lease; and 
(C) 
the Relevant Mortgaged Property immediately following the grant of the 
Nominated Lease, 
such that the combined Market Value of the Relevant Mortgaged Property and 
the Nominated Lease following the grant of the Nominated Lease (and as a result 
solely of the grant of the Nominated Lease) is not less than the Market Value of 
Relevant Mortgaged Property before the grant of the Nominated Lease; 
(iii) 
where the restriction registered against the registered title to the Relevant 
Mortgaged Property would require the Obligor Security Trustee’s consent to the 
registration of the Nominated Lease, a written request for such consent (together 
with a draft form of the required consent letter); and 
(iv) 
if applicable, appropriate undertakings from the Obligor’s solicitors dealing with 
the grant of the Nominated Lease addressed to the Obligor Security Trustee in 
the agreed form, to: 
(A) 
properly register the Nominated Lease at the Land Registry, if the 
Nominated Lease is for a term that requires it to be registered at the Land 
Registry; or

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(B) 
properly note the Nominated Lease against the title to the Relevant 
Mortgaged Property (by way of agreed notice or unilateral notice), if the 
Nominated Lease is for a term that means it cannot be registered at the 
Land Registry, but may be noted by way of agreed notice or unilateral 
notice, 
and, in either case, deal with any requisitions. 
Division of Mortgaged Properties 
The Obligors may, at their election, cause any Mortgaged Property (each, an “Undivided 
Property”) to be divided into two or more Mortgaged Properties (the “Post-Division Properties” 
in relation to that Undivided Property) by delivering to the Obligor Security Trustee a certificate, 
signed by two Authorised Signatories, which: 
(a) 
provides the Obligors’ good faith estimate of the Market Value of each Post-Division 
Property (provided that the aggregate of the estimated Market Values of the Post-Division 
Properties shall not exceed the Market Value of the relevant Undivided Property unless 
such estimates are confirmed by one or more Intermediate Valuation Reports, addressed 
to the Obligor Security Trustee, in respect of such proposed Post-Division Properties); 
(b) 
allocates the Market Value of each Post-Division Property to one or more Sectors in 
accordance with the covenants described in “— Sector diversity – positive covenant”, 
page 137, below; and 
(c) 
if the T3 Covenant Regime applies or if the Market Value of the Undivided Property 
exceeds £50,000,000 (subject to Indexation), attaches an Intermediate Valuation Report 
which (i) is addressed to the Obligor Security Trustee and (ii) confirms the matters referred 
to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Merger of leasehold Mortgaged Properties with superior leasehold or freehold Mortgaged 
Properties 
The Obligors may from time to time nominate one or more leasehold Mortgaged Properties (for 
the purposes of this section, each a “nominated property”) for release from the Estate by 
delivering to the Obligor Security Trustee: 
(a) 
a Property Release and Land Registry Form DS1 in respect of each nominated property 
(executed in counterpart by each Obligor which holds a legal or beneficial interest in such 
nominated property); 
(b) 
a certificate executed by two Authorised Signatories which: 
(i) 
confirms that each nominated property is (following the appropriate registration 
at the Land Registry) to be merged with either a superior leasehold or freehold 
Mortgaged Property (or Mortgaged Properties) or, a superior leasehold or 
freehold property which will (on the same date as such release of nominated 
property) become a Mortgaged Property (or Mortgaged Properties) in accordance

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
with “Additional Mortgaged Properties”, page 71 above, (the “Relevant 
Mortgaged Properties”) (the “Merger Transaction”) and that such Merger 
Transaction will be completed on the same Business Day as the execution of the 
Property Release in respect of that nominated property by the Obligor Security 
Trustee); 
(ii) 
confirms that either (1) no Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived or (2) an Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived and the Merger Transaction would have the effect of remedying such 
Obligor Event of Default (or is part of a series of transactions scheduled to 
complete within a single 30-day period that will, together, have the effect of 
remedying such Obligor Event of Default); 
(iii) 
sets out confirmations required under the Tax Deed of Covenant to be given at 
that time in respect of the Merger Transaction; 
(iv) 
if a deposit is required to be made under the Tax Deed of Covenant in respect of 
the Merger Transaction, confirms that such deposit has been made or that 
irrevocable instructions (subject to completion of the Merger Transaction) have 
been given for the payment of the deposit into the relevant Tax Reserve Account; 
and 
(v) 
confirms that the Merger Transaction is not a Prohibited Transaction; 
(c) 
a certificate from the Valuers (addressed to the Obligor Security Trustee) confirming the 
Market Value of: 
(i) 
each nominated property immediately before the Merger Transaction; 
(ii) 
the Relevant Mortgaged Properties immediately before the Merger Transaction; 
and 
(iii) 
the Relevant Mortgaged Properties immediately following the Merger 
Transaction, 
such that the Market Value of the Relevant Mortgaged Properties following the Merger 
Transaction (and as a result solely of the Merger Transaction) is not less than the 
combined Market Value of the nominated property and the Relevant Mortgaged 
Properties before the Merger Transaction; and 
(d) 
appropriate undertakings from the Obligor’s solicitors dealing with the Merger Transaction 
addressed to the Obligor Security Trustee to properly register the Merger Transaction at 
the Land Registry and deal with any requisitions in the agreed form. 
Transactions involving Mortgaged Properties 
Where a Disposal of the whole or part of a Mortgaged Property (for these purposes, the “Relevant 
Mortgaged Property”) is not prohibited by the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and is by

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
way of the grant of a lease or easement (so that the Relevant Mortgaged Property does not need 
to be released from the Estate for such purposes) and the restriction registered against the 
registered title to the Relevant Mortgaged Property would require the Obligor Security Trustee’s 
consent to the registration of such transaction, the Obligor shall deliver to the Obligor Security 
Trustee: 
(a) 
a written request for such consent (together with the draft form of required consent letter); 
and 
(b) 
a certificate executed by two Authorised Signatories which: 
(i) 
confirms that such lease or easement is being granted to one or more persons 
outside the Security Group pursuant to a transaction on arm’s length terms; 
(ii) 
confirms that either (1) no Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived or (2) an Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived and the grant of such lease or easement would have the effect of 
remedying such Obligor Event of Default (or is part of a series of transactions 
scheduled to complete within a single 30-day period that will, together, have the 
effect of remedying such Obligor Event of Default); 
(iii) 
specifies the expected amount of Sales Proceeds from, or other consideration 
for, the grant of such lease or easement; 
(iv) 
sets out any confirmations required under the Tax Deed of Covenant to be given 
at that time in respect of the grant of such lease or easement; 
(v) 
if a deposit is required to be made under the Tax Deed of Covenant in respect of 
the grant of such lease or easement, confirms that such deposit has been made 
or that irrevocable instructions (subject to completion of such lease or easement) 
have been given for the payment of the deposit into the relevant Tax Reserve 
Account; and 
(vi) 
confirms that the grant of such lease or easement is not a Prohibited Transaction, 
and within two Business Days following receipt of the documents listed in paragraphs (a) 
and (b) above, the Obligor Security Trustee shall execute such consent letter. 
Release of any rights and/or easements attached to Mortgaged Properties 
The Obligors may from time to time nominate one or more rights and/or easements attached to 
and forming part of a Mortgaged Property located in England and Wales (for these purposes, 
each a “nominated easement”) for release from the Estate by delivering to the Obligor Security 
Trustee: 
(a) 
a Rights Release in respect of each nominated easement;

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(b) 
a draft of the proposed deed by which the nominated easement is being Disposed of, 
surrendered or released to one or more persons outside the Security Group, together with 
any plans and drawings to be annexed to such deed; 
(c) 
a certificate executed by two Authorised Signatories which: 
(i) 
confirms that each nominated easement is being Disposed of, surrendered or 
released to one or more persons outside the Security Group pursuant to a 
transaction on arm’s length terms and that such Disposal, surrender or release 
will be completed on the same Business Day as the execution of the Rights 
Release in respect of that nominated easement by the Obligor Security Trustee); 
(ii) 
confirms that either (1) no Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived or (2) an Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived and the Disposal, surrender or release of such nominated easement 
would have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event of Default (or is part of a 
series of transactions scheduled to complete within a single 30-day period that 
will, together, have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event of Default); 
(iii) 
specifies the expected amount of consideration for, such Disposal, surrender or 
release; 
(iv) 
sets out any confirmations required under the Tax Deed of Covenant to be given 
at that time in respect of such Disposal, surrender or release; 
(v) 
if a deposit is required to be made under the Tax Deed of Covenant in respect of 
the such Disposal, surrender or release, confirms that such deposit has been 
made or that irrevocable instructions (subject to completion of the Disposal, 
surrender or release) have been given for the payment of the deposit into the 
relevant Tax Reserve Account; and 
(vi) 
confirms that such Disposal, surrender or release of such nominated easement 
is not a Prohibited Transaction. 
Further Credit Assets 
The Obligors are permitted to introduce properties (including developments) which form part of 
the assets of a partnership or joint venture (including partnerships and joint ventures which are 
not wholly owned by the Security Group), as well as certain non-property assets (such as interests 
in partnerships and/or joint ventures), into the calculation of Total Collateral Value (alongside the 
value of the Estate) provided that the Obligors comply with such criteria (including criteria as to 
the relevant Agreed Forms of Legal Opinion, Agreed Forms of Security, Agreed Forms of Security 
Document and the extent to which such properties or non-property assets are to be accounted 
for in the determination of Total Collateral Value) as may be agreed between the Obligors, the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies from time to time (such property and non-
property assets being, upon satisfaction of such criteria, “Further Credit Assets”).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Restructuring of the Security Group and the Estate 
Proposed Structural Changes 
The Principal Obligor may, for the purpose of achieving efficiencies in financing the business 
operations of the Security Group in anticipation of, or in accordance with, potential or actual 
changes in (i) law or regulation (including, without limitation, the introduction of real estate 
investment trusts or property investment funds or investment vehicles of a similar nature in the 
United Kingdom whether or not in accordance with suggestions set out in the HM Treasury and 
Inland Revenue (now HMRC) consultation paper dated March 2004 entitled “Promoting more 
flexible investment in property – a Consultation”), (ii) practice in relation to the management, 
holding or development of, provision of services in relation to or investment in property or (iii) 
taxation law relating to the management, holding or development of, provision of services in 
relation to or investment in property (each an “Accepted Restructuring Purpose”), propose: 
(a) 
to change the composition or holding structure of the Mortgaged Properties; and/or 
(b) 
to change the corporate structure or composition of the Security Group itself; and/or 
(c) 
to make modifications to certain of the terms and conditions of, or the covenants 
contained in, the Common Terms Agreement and/or the other Transaction Documents 
(such modifications being the “Proposed Restructuring Modifications”), 
by delivering a Restructuring Proposal Certificate to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note Trustee 
and the Rating Agencies. Any Restructuring Proposal Certificate will be required to: 
(a) 
describe, in reasonable detail, the proposed changes to the composition, holding 
structure or corporate structure of the Mortgaged Properties and/or the Security Group, 
as the case may be (“Proposed Structural Changes”); 
(b) 
certify that such Proposed Structural Changes and/or all Proposed Restructuring 
Modifications are necessary or desirable to achieve an Accepted Restructuring Purpose; 
(c) 
certify, among other things, whether the Proposed Restructuring Modifications involve 
any Basic Terms Modification or any modification over which Blocking Rights have been 
given; and 
(d) 
attach, as schedules thereto: 
(i) 
execution copies of such deeds and agreements, in a form previously agreed by 
the Obligor Security Trustee and (if relevant) the Note Trustee, as are necessary 
to amend and restate the Transaction Documents (or any of them) in order to 
implement the Proposed Restructuring Modifications, together with blacklined 
versions indicating all changes made to such Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
execution copies of all agreements, deeds, certificates and other documents 
(other than those referred to in paragraph (i) above), in a form previously agreed

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
by the Obligor Security Trustee and (if relevant) the Note Trustee, which are 
required to be executed in order to effect the Proposed Structural Changes; and 
(iii) 
copies of any legal and tax opinions (which shall be from an Approved Firm) 
received by the Obligors (and which shall also be addressed to the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Note Trustee and the Dealers) in respect of, among other 
things, such Proposed Structural Changes and/or such Proposed Restructuring 
Modifications. 
Each of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee, upon its receipt of a duly completed 
and executed Restructuring Proposal Certificate (together with all schedules required to be 
attached thereto) and/or written confirmation that the Ratings Test is satisfied in respect of the 
Proposed Structural Changes and Proposed Restructuring Modifications, will be required 
promptly to execute each of the deeds, agreements, certificates and other documents referred to 
above which require its signature. The Obligor Security Trustee is authorised under the Common 
Terms Agreement to execute the deeds, agreements, certificates and other documents referred 
to in paragraphs (d)(i) and (ii) above on behalf of the Obligor Secured Creditors, and no further 
action will be required to be taken by any Obligor Secured Creditor to effect the amendments set 
out in such deeds, agreements, certificates and other documents. The Issuer Deed of Charge 
also provides that, to the extent that any Issuer Transaction Documents are to be amended and 
restated pursuant to the Proposed Structural Changes and/or the Proposed Restructuring 
Modifications, the Note Trustee is authorised to execute the amendment and restatement deeds, 
agreements, certificates and other documents referred to in paragraphs (d)(i) and (ii) above on 
behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors, and no further action will be required to be taken by any 
Issuer Secured Creditors to effect the amendments set out in such deeds and agreements. 
The foregoing provisions are subject to the provisions of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
described in “— Basic Terms Modifications”, page 183, and “— Blocking Rights”, page 197, below. 
The Obligors are able to exercise their rights under the Common Terms Agreement as described 
above on more than one occasion provided it is on each occasion for an Accepted Restructuring 
Purpose. 
Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes 
The Principal Obligor may, for the purpose of achieving efficiencies in the business operations of 
the Security Group, nominate as an Additional Obligor a person or entity that is (A) incorporated 
or established in an Approved Jurisdiction; (B) resident for tax purposes only in an Approved 
Jurisdiction and (C) otherwise an Eligible Obligor (the “Proposed Non-UK Obligor”), and 
propose: 
(a) 
the transfer of one or more Mortgaged Properties by any one or more Obligors to that 
Proposed Non-UK Obligor or the acquisition of one or more Mortgaged Properties and/or 
Additional Mortgaged Properties by any Proposed Non-UK Obligor in connection with the 
accession of that Proposed Non-UK Obligor to the Common Terms Agreement and other 
Obligor Transaction Documents; and

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(b) 
to make modifications to certain of the terms and conditions of, or the covenants 
contained in, the Common Terms Agreement, the Tax Deed of Covenant and other 
Transaction Documents in connection with the accession of the Proposed Non-UK 
Obligor (such modifications being the “Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications”), 
by delivering a Non-UK Obligor Proposal Certificate to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note 
Trustee and the Rating Agencies. Any Non-UK Obligor Proposal Certificate is required (among 
other things) to: 
(a) 
describe, in reasonable detail: 
(i) 
the proposed transfers and modifications (including the Proposed Non-UK 
Obligor Modifications) and any proposed changes to the composition, holding 
structure or corporate structure of the Mortgaged Properties and/or the Security 
Group, as the case may be, as a result of the nomination of that Proposed Non-
UK Obligor and the proposal that it acquire one or more Mortgaged Properties 
(the “Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes”); 
(ii) 
the nature and proposed ownership of the Proposed Non-UK Obligor and its 
proposed relationship with the Security Group; 
(b) 
certify whether the Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications involve any Basic Terms 
Modification or any modification in respect of which Blocking Rights have been given; 
(c) 
certify that the Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications are required to ensure that those 
provisions of the relevant Obligor Transaction Documents that apply to Obligors on the 
express assumption that such Obligors are incorporated and tax resident only in the 
United Kingdom apply to the Proposed Non-UK Obligor to similar effect as regards the 
relevant laws and regulations of each of the United Kingdom and the Approved 
Jurisdiction;  
(d) 
certify: 
(i) 
where the Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modification or Proposed Non-UK Structural 
Changes involved the transfer of one or more Mortgaged Properties by one or 
more Obligors to a Non-UK Obligor, the amount of the Disposal Tax Liability that 
would arise to the Obligors on such transfer of such Mortgaged Properties; 
(ii) 
the amount of any Relevant Contingent Liabilities that would arise to the 
Proposed Non-UK Obligor (on the assumption that it is an Obligor) in respect of 
its acquisition of Mortgaged Properties and/or Additional Mortgaged Properties; 
and  
(iii) 
the amount of any Non-UK Disposal Tax Liability that would arise to the Proposed 
Non-UK Obligor (on the assumption that it is an Obligor) in respect of its 
acquisition of Mortgaged Properties and/or Additional Mortgaged Properties,

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
provided that in each case the amount of any such Liability to Tax shall be an estimate 
determined by the Principal Obligor acting in good faith with regard to the best information 
available to it at the time of such determination;and 
(e) 
attach, as schedules thereto: 
(i) 
execution copies of such deeds and agreements, in a form previously agreed by 
the Obligor Security Trustee and (if relevant) the Note Trustee, as are necessary 
to amend and restate the Transaction Documents (or any of them) in order to 
implement the Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications, together with blacklined 
versions showing all changes made to such Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
a memorandum summarising the material Proposed Non-UK Obligor 
Modifications and setting out, in reasonable detail, the reason for such proposed 
modifications with reference to the purpose of such changes; 
(iii) 
execution copies of all agreements, deeds, certificates and other documents 
(other than those referred to in paragraph (i) above), in a form previously agreed 
by the Obligor Security Trustee and (if relevant) the Note Trustee, which are 
required to be executed in order to effect the Proposed Non-UK Structural 
Changes; and 
(iv) 
copies of any legal and tax opinions (each of which shall be from an Approved 
Firm) received by the Obligors (and which shall also be addressed to the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Note Trustee and the Dealers) in respect of, among other 
things, such Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes and Proposed Non-UK 
Obligor Modifications. 
Each of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee, upon its receipt of (a) a duly completed 
and executed Non-UK Obligor Proposal Certificate (together with all schedules required to be 
attached thereto); (b) written confirmation that the Ratings Test is satisfied in respect of the 
Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes and Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications and (c) the 
documents referred to in “Common Terms Agreement – Additional Obligors”, page 85, above, will 
be required promptly to execute each of the deeds, agreements, certificates and other documents 
referred to above which require its signature. The Obligor Security Trustee is authorised under 
the Common Terms Agreement to execute the deeds, agreements, certificates and other 
documents referred to in paragraph (d)(i) and (iii) above on behalf of the Obligor Secured 
Creditors, and no further action will be required to be taken by any Obligor Secured Creditor to 
effect the amendments set out in such deeds, agreements, certificates and other documents. The 
Issuer Deed of Charge also provides that, to the extent that any Issuer Transaction Documents 
are to be amended and restated pursuant to the Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes and the 
Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications, the Note Trustee is authorised to execute the 
amendment and restatement deeds and agreements referred to in paragraph (d)(i) and (iii) above 
on behalf of the Issuer Secured Creditors, and no further action will be required to be taken by 
any Issuer Secured Creditors to effect the amendments set out in such deeds and agreements. 
The foregoing provisions are subject to the provisions of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
described in “— Basic Terms Modifications”, page 183, and “— Blocking Rights”, page 197, below.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
The Obligors are able to exercise their rights under the Common Terms Agreement as described 
above on more than one occasion provided on each occasion it is for the purpose of introducing 
a Proposed Non-UK Obligor which is incorporated and tax resident in an Approved Jurisdiction 
into the Security Group for the purpose described above, and the fact that the Obligors effect 
changes such as are referred to above for an Accepted Restructuring Purpose shall not prevent 
them from effecting, or seeking to effect, changes such as are referred to above in relation to 
Proposed Non-UK Obligors, and vice versa. 
Debt Structure of the Security Group Introduction 
The Security Group (other than FinCo and any Financial SPV Obligor) may have Unsecured Debt 
outstanding (but not so as to result in the amount of the Net Unsecured Debt being in breach of 
the Unsecured Debt Limit). 
Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set out in the Common Terms Agreement which 
are described in further detail below (see “— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, 
below), the Security Group is permitted to incur further Financial Indebtedness from time to time 
in the following ways: 
(a) 
FinCo is permitted to borrow ICL Loans (including Revolving ICL Loans) from the Issuer 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreement (and the Issuer will fund such loans from the 
issuance or, in the case of Revolving ICL Loans, issuance, sale or resale of Notes from 
time to time); 
(b) 
FinCo is permitted to borrow Further ACF Loans under the Existing ACF Agreements and 
Further ACF Agreements; 
(c) 
any Obligor will be permitted to enter into one or more Further ACF Agreements and 
borrow Further ACF Loans (including Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loans) thereunder; and 
(d) 
any Obligor (other than FinCo and any Financial SPV Obligor) will be permitted to incur 
Unsecured Debt (including the ECP Programme). 
In addition, subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions described in further detail below 
(see “— Liquidity Facility Agreements”, page 25, above and “— Swap Agreements and 
Hedging Covenant”, page 113 below), FinCo is permitted to make drawings under Liquidity 
Facility Agreements and FinCo and any other Obligor that is a Financial SPV Obligor will be 
permitted to enter into Swap Agreements and incur Financial Indebtedness thereunder. 
Unsecured ECP Programme 
On 20 October 2006 Land Securities PLC established a euro-commercial paper programme (the 
“ECP Programme”) under which Land Securities PLC may issue euro-commercial paper notes 
up to a maximum aggregate amount of £1,250,000,000 (or such other amount as may be agreed 
in accordance with the ECP Programme). The ECP Programme was updated on 15 December 
2014.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
ICL Loans (other than Revolving ICL Loans) 
The Common Terms Agreement provides that FinCo may at any time request that the Issuer issue 
Notes (other than Class R Notes) under the Programme to finance an ICL Loan (other than a 
Revolving ICL Loan) having a particular Debt Rank, and the Issuer may issue such Notes provided 
that FinCo is entitled to incur such ICL Loans in accordance with the provisions described in    “— 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, below. The minimum aggregate face amount of 
Notes issued on any date will be £50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); accordingly, 
the minimum principal amount of ICL Loans (other than Revolving ICL Loans) that FinCo will be 
permitted to draw on any date will be £50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Existing ACF Agreements 
On 29 March 2018, FinCo entered into an ACF Agreement with certain ACF Providers. This ACF 
Agreement made available to FinCo a committed £1,530,000,000 revolving loan facility. The ACF 
Providers’ commitment under such ACF Agreement will terminate, and all amounts drawn 
thereunder will in most circumstances be repayable no later than 29 March 2026. 
On 9 August 2018, FinCo entered into an ACF Agreement with certain ACF Providers. This ACF 
Agreement made available to FinCo a committed £460,000,000 revolving loan facility 
(subsequently increased by £100,000,000 to £560,000,000 on 5 February 2019). The ACF 
Providers’ commitment under such ACF Agreement will terminate, and all amounts drawn 
thereunder will in most circumstances be repayable no later than 9 August 2026. 
On 1 November 2018, FinCo entered into an ACF Agreement with certain ACF Providers. This 
ACF Agreement made available to FinCo a committed £100,000,000 revolving loan facility. The 
ACF Providers’ commitment under such ACF Agreement will terminate, and all amounts drawn 
thereunder will in most circumstances be repayable no later than 1 November 2026. 
On 25 January 2019, FinCo and an ACF Provider entered into an amendment and restatement 
agreement with respect to an ACF Agreement originally entered into on 31 January 2017.  The 
amended and restated ACF Agreement made available to FinCo a committed £125,000,000 
revolving loan facility. The ACF Provider’s commitment under the amended and restated ACF 
Agreement will terminate, and all amounts drawn thereunder will in most circumstances be 
repayable no later than 25 January 2026. 
On 19 February 2019, FinCo entered into an ACF Agreement with certain ACF Providers. This 
ACF Agreement made available to FinCo a committed £400,000,000 revolving loan facility. The 
ACF Providers’ commitment under such ACF Agreement will terminate, and all amounts drawn 
thereunder will in most circumstances be repayable no later than 19 February 2027.  
Further ACF Agreements 
Any of the Obligors may from time to time propose to enter into one or more agreements for the 
incurrence of Priority 1 Debt and/or Priority 2 Debt and/or Subordinated Debt, as the case may 
be, by way of either bank and other third party funding or by way of guarantees or Performance 
Bonds. If the following criteria (and certain other conditions set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement) are satisfied in respect of such a proposed agreement:

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(a) 
such agreement provides that all Financial Indebtedness incurred thereunder will be 
designated as Secured Financial Indebtedness for the purposes of the Obligor 
Transaction Documents, and provides a mechanism for determining the Debt Rank of 
every amount or liability that may be advanced or incurred thereunder; 
(b) 
each person to whom an Obligor may owe Financial Indebtedness under such agreement 
has acceded to the Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed in the capacity of an ACF Provider; and 
(c) 
such agreement is explicitly made subject to the Common Terms Agreement and the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed in its entirety, 
(in the case of paragraphs (a) and (c), as certified to the Obligor Security Trustee by two 
Authorised Signatories), the Obligor Security Trustee is obliged to consent to the entry by the 
Obligors into such agreement within two Business Days of its receipt of the certificate referred to 
above, and such agreement will then be designated as a Further ACF Agreement. 
Revolving R1/R2 Loans 
Function of Revolving R1/R2 Loans: The function of Revolving R1/R2 Loans (being Revolving 
ICL Loans and Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loans) is to create a funding option for the Obligors in the 
form of a revolving facility, the Debt Rank of which will change from Priority 1 Debt to Priority 2 
Debt in the circumstances and as described in “— Reborrowing restrictions and requirements 
applicable to Revolving R1/R2 Loans”, page 126 below, thereby creating a level of credit 
enhancement for other Priority 1 Debt. There is no requirement for the Obligors to have any 
Revolving R1/R2 Loans outstanding at any time. 
Revolving ICL Loans: Subject to the conditions described below (and in Chapter 19. “Subscription 
and Sale”, page 367 and “— B. Class R Underwriting Agreements”, page 367, below), FinCo 
may from time to time, if a Class R Underwriting Agreement has been entered into, borrow 
Revolving ICL Loans from the Issuer under the Intercompany Loan Agreement (as described in 
“— Intercompany Loan Agreement”, page 216, below). The Issuer will fund such loans by selling 
or reselling Class R Notes to the Class R Underwriters in accordance with the Class R 
Underwriting Agreement (as described in Chapter 19. “Subscription and Sale”, page 367 and “— 
B. 
Class R Underwriting Agreements”, page 367, below), with Class R1 Notes financing 
Revolving R1 ICL Loans and Class R2 Notes financing Revolving R2 ICL Loans. 
Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loans 
Any Obligor is permitted to enter into revolving Further ACF Agreements from time to time, as 
described in “— Further ACF Agreements” in the preceding section. A “Revolving R1/R2 ACF 
Agreement” is an ACF Agreement which meets the following criteria: 
(a) 
it is explicitly designated as such; 
(b) 
it makes available to the relevant Obligor a special tranche, specifically designated as an 
“R1/R2 Tranche”, which can, at the relevant Obligor’s option (as between such Obligor

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
and the relevant ACF Provider(s)), or as otherwise required by the terms of the Common 
Terms Agreement, be drawn either as Priority 1 Debt or as Priority 2 Debt; and 
(c) 
it specifically incorporates by reference those provisions of the Common Terms 
Agreement which set out the reborrowing restrictions and requirements set out in “— 
Reborrowing restrictions and requirements applicable to Revolving R1/R2 Loans”, page 
126 below. 
The Existing ACF Agreements are all Revolving R1/R2 ACF Agreements. 
Repayment of ICL Loans and ACF Loans on Ratings Event 
The Issuer is required promptly to notify FinCo, the Obligor Security Trustee and the 
Representatives of the ACF Providers in writing if, following the occurrence of a Ratings Event, it 
exercises its right to redeem the Notes subject to Noteholders’ Affirmations. If, in the meetings of 
Noteholders of each Sub Class that will be required to be held in such circumstances, Noteholders 
of any Sub-Class(es) resolve in accordance with Condition 8(c) (Optional Redemption as Result 
of Ratings Event) (which requires a vote of at least 75% of all Noteholders of the relevant Sub-
Class(es) entitled to vote) in favour of redemption, then FinCo will be required, in accordance with 
the Common Terms Agreement, to repay the corresponding ICL Loan(s) on the date upon which 
such Sub-Class(es) of Notes are to be redeemed. In addition, the Obligors may be required, in 
accordance with the terms of an ACF Agreement, to repay all of the ACF Loans outstanding under 
that ACF Agreement following an election by the Issuer to exercise its right to redeem the Notes 
upon the occurrence of a Ratings Event. 
Ranking of Financial Indebtedness 
With the exception of Financial Indebtedness incurred under any Liquidity Facility Agreement 
(which, together with indebtedness under Swap Agreements (other than in respect of Swap 
Termination Amounts and Swap Subordinated Amounts), and in respect of amounts due and 
payable pursuant to a Swap Excluded Obligation (which will fall outside the scope (to the extent 
lawful) of the Security Group Priorities of Payments) will have a ranking in point of security which 
is higher than all other Financial Indebtedness), all Financial Indebtedness of the Security Group 
which is outstanding from time to time is required to have one of the following ranks (each a 
“Primary Debt Rank”), which are listed in descending order of seniority (in respect of their ranking 
in point of security only), at the time that such indebtedness is incurred: 
(a) 
Priority 1 Debt; 
(b) 
Priority 2 Debt; 
(c) 
Subordinated Debt; or 
(d) 
Unsecured Debt. 
All Subordinated Debt will rank pari passu in point of security unless the Obligors (A) establish 
Secondary Debt Ranks for each Subordinated ICL Loan and Subordinated ACF Loan (a 
“Subordinated Debt Split”) or (B) if such Secondary Debt Ranks have already been established,

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
change the ranking of such Secondary Debt Ranks. The Obligors are, however, prohibited from 
creating or changing any Secondary Debt Ranks (or changing the Secondary Debt Rank of any 
outstanding Subordinated ICL Loan or Subordinated ACF Loan) unless the Obligor Security 
Trustee has received the prior written consent of: 
(a) 
the Representative of the ACF Provider of any outstanding Subordinated ACF Loan which 
would, as a result of the introduction or change of any Secondary Debt Ranks, be 
subordinated in point of security to any Subordinated ACF Loan or Subordinated ICL Loan 
to which it is not then subordinated; and 
(b) 
the Note Trustee (acting on an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of any 
Affected Class) if, as a result of the introduction or change of such Secondary Debt Ranks, 
any outstanding Subordinated ICL Loan would be subordinated in point of security to any 
Subordinated ACF Loan or Subordinated ICL Loan to which it is not then subordinated. 
The Common Terms Agreement also prohibits the Obligors from changing the Primary Debt Rank 
of any outstanding Loan unless (a) the Obligor Security Trustee has first received the written 
consent of (in the case of an ACF Loan) the Representative of the relevant ACF Provider(s) or (in 
the case of an ICL Loan) of the Note Trustee (acting on an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders of any Affected Class), (b) the Obligors would be permitted to incur Financial 
Indebtedness in the Adjusted Principal Amount of such Loan and with such proposed Debt Rank 
in accordance with the provisions described in “— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, 
below, on the date of the proposed change in the Primary Debt Rank and (c) the Obligors would 
be permitted to Prepay Financial Indebtedness in the Adjusted Principal Amount of such Loan 
and of the relevant Debt Rank in accordance with the provisions described in “— Prepayment of 
Non-Contingent Loans”, page 115, below, on the date of the proposed change in the Primary Debt 
Rank. 
Under the Common Terms Agreement: 
(a) 
all Initial ICL Loans have the Debt Rank of Priority 1 Debt; 
(b) 
each ICL Loan will have the Debt Rank specified in the notice delivered by FinCo to the 
Issuer which requests the Issuer to issue further Notes to finance such Further ICL Loan; 
(c) 
the Debt Rank of each Further ACF Loan will be determined in accordance with the 
procedures set out in the relevant ACF Loan Agreement; 
(d) 
any Revolving R1 ICL Loan will have the Debt Rank of Priority 1 Debt; 
(e) 
any Revolving R2 ICL Loan will have the Debt Rank of Priority 2 Debt; 
(f) 
any Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loan will have the Debt Rank of either Priority 1 Debt or Priority 
2 Debt (see “— Reborrowing restrictions and requirements applicable to Revolving R1/R2 
Loans”, page 126 below); and 
(g) 
each Sub-Class of Notes will have a ranking which corresponds to the Debt Rank of its 
corresponding ICL Loan and vice versa.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Any Financial Indebtedness (other than Secured Financial Indebtedness incurred under a 
Liquidity Facility Agreement or a Swap Agreement) which is not ranked as Priority 1 Debt, Priority 
2 Debt or Subordinated Debt in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement at the time of 
incurrence thereof will have the Debt Rank of Unsecured Debt. 
Whether and the extent to which the Obligors will be able at any time to incur Financial 
Indebtedness having a particular Debt Rank will be determined as described in “— Permitted 
Financial Indebtedness” immediately below. 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness 
Permitted Drawings and Headroom Tests: The Common Terms Agreement prohibits the Obligors 
from making any drawing of Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt, Subordinated Debt or Unsecured Debt 
which is not a Permitted Drawing. 
A Permitted Drawing is (without prejudice to the provisions for incurring Financial Indebtedness 
set out in “The Additional Tier Tests and Headroom Tests”, page 127 below), the drawing, 
issuance or incurrence of: 
(a) 
Priority 1 Debt or Priority 2 Debt, provided that such drawing, issuance or incurrence 
would not cause the Security Group Net Debt Outstanding (if the same were calculated 
at that time in accordance with the Tier Tests) to exceed the Security Group Net Debt 
Outstanding (as calculated in accordance with the Tier Tests as of the most recent Tier 
Test Calculation Date) by more than the Maximum Drawing Amount; 
(b) 
Priority 1 Debt, provided that such drawing, issuance or incurrence would not cause the 
P1 Headroom Test to be breached (or, if already breached, to be breached further); 
(c) 
Priority 2 Debt, provided that such drawing, issuance or incurrence would not cause the 
P2 Headroom Test to be breached (or, if already breached, to be breached further); 
(d) 
Subordinated Debt, provided that the SD Headroom Test is satisfied at that time and, if 
the Obligors have established Secondary Debt Ranks in accordance with the provisions 
described in “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above and there is 
outstanding Subordinated Debt with a Secondary Debt Rank lower than such proposed 
Subordinated Debt, the Obligor Security Trustee has first received the written consent of 
(a) the Representative of the ACF Provider of any outstanding Subordinated ACF Loan 
which has a lower Secondary Debt Rank than such proposed Subordinated Debt and (b) 
the Note Trustee (acting on an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of any 
Affected Class); or 
(e) 
Unsecured Debt, provided that such drawing, issuance or incurrence would not cause the 
UD Headroom Test to be breached (or, if already breached, to be breached further), 
and provided further that such drawing, issuance or incurrence would not (i) be a Prohibited 
Transaction or (ii) in the case of any Non-Contingent Loan which has the Primary Debt Rank of 
Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt, breach the Maturity Restrictions (which are 
described in the next section).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the repayment and immediate redrawing of a revolving loan 
under the same facility agreement (including the Intercompany Loan Agreement) nor the issue of 
commercial paper (the full proceeds of which are applied, on the relevant issue date, to the 
redemption of commercial paper which has fallen due for redemption) shall of itself constitute a 
breach of any Headroom Test or be a Prohibited Transaction; provided in either case that the 
revolving loan which is redrawn or the commercial paper so issued, as the case may be, has the 
same or a lower Debt Rank as the revolving loan so repaid or the commercial paper so redeemed, 
as the case may be. 
The P1 Headroom Test will be satisfied in respect of a Proposed Additional Transaction (which 
may include a proposed drawing of Further Priority 1 Debt) (see “— The Additional Tier Tests and 
Headroom Tests”, page 127, below) if, for the purposes of the Additional Tier Tests conducted in 
respect of such transaction: 
(a) 
were only Priority 1 Debt and Financial Indebtedness ranking senior to Priority 1 Debt 
pursuant to the relevant Security Group Priority of Payments as of the date of the test 
included: 
(i) 
in the determination of the Security Group Net Debt Outstanding for the purpose 
of calculating the Additional LTV, the Additional LTV so calculated would have 
been equal to or less than 55% (or 50% if the relevant Additional Calculation Date 
falls within a Change of Control Period); and 
(ii) 
in the determination of the Projected Interest Charges for the purpose of 
calculating the Additional Projected ICR, the Additional Projected ICR so 
calculated would have been equal to or greater than 1.85:1; and 
(b) 
were only Priority 1 Debt (other than Revolving R1/R2 Loans) and Financial Indebtedness 
ranking senior to Priority 1 Debt pursuant to the relevant Security Group Priority of 
Payments as at the date of the test included, in the determination of the Security Group 
Net Debt Outstanding for the purpose of calculating the Additional LTV, the Additional LTV 
so calculated would have been equal to or less than 45% (or 40% if the relevant Additional 
Calculation Date falls within a Change of Control Period); and 
(c) 
were only Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt, Financial Indebtedness ranking senior to Priority 
1 Debt pursuant to the relevant Security Group Priority of Payments and (for the purposes 
of paragraph (i) below only) Deemed Tax Borrowings as at the date of the test included: 
(i) 
in the determination of the Security Group Net Debt Outstanding for the purpose 
of calculating the Additional LTV, the Additional LTV so calculated would have 
been equal to or less than 65% (or 60% if the relevant Additional Calculation Date 
falls within a Change of Control Period); and 
(ii) 
in the determination of the Projected Interest Charges for the purpose of 
calculating the Additional Projected ICR, the Additional Projected ICR so 
calculated would have been equal to or greater than 1.45:1.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
The P2 Headroom Test will be satisfied in respect of a Proposed Additional Transaction (which 
may include a proposed drawing of Priority 2 Debt) (see “— The Additional Tier Tests and 
Headroom Tests”, page 127, below) at any time if, for the purposes of the Additional Tier Tests 
conducted in respect of such transaction, were only Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt and (for the 
purposes of paragraph (a) below only) Deemed Tax Borrowings as at the date of the test to have 
been included: 
(a) 
in the determination of the Security Group Net Debt Outstanding for the purpose of 
calculating the Additional LTV, the Additional LTV so calculated would have been equal to 
or less than 65% (or 60% if the relevant Additional Calculation Date falls within the 
Change of Control Period); and 
(b) 
in the determination of the Projected Interest Charges for the purpose of calculating the 
Additional Projected ICR, the Additional Projected ICR so calculated would have been 
equal to or greater than 1.45:1. 
The SD Headroom Test will be satisfied in respect of a proposed drawing of Further Subordinated 
Debt at any time if such drawing is not a Prohibited Transaction. 
The UD Headroom Test will be satisfied in respect of a proposed drawing of Unsecured Debt if 
such drawing would not cause the Net Unsecured Debt to exceed the Unsecured Debt Limit. 
While failure to satisfy the relevant Headroom Tests may prevent the Obligors from making any 
drawing of Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt, Subordinated Debt or Unsecured Debt, as the case 
may be, it will not prevent FinCo from making a drawing under any Liquidity Facilities then in 
place. 
Drawings, issuance or incurrence of Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Unsecured Debt in breach 
of the Headroom Tests may (notwithstanding the above) be made as a Rating Affirmed Matter. 
Maturity Restrictions 
The Obligors are prohibited at any time (in this section, the “relevant time”) from incurring or 
changing the scheduled maturity date of: 
(a) 
any Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt which is to be or has been 
incurred pursuant to any Non-Contingent Loan if such incurrence or change would cause 
the Adjusted Principal Amount of all Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt and Subordinated Debt 
incurred pursuant to Non-Contingent Loans falling due in any two-year period (being, for 
this purpose, any period of 730 days) to be equal to or exceed 20% of the Total Collateral 
Value at the relevant time (or, if such 20% threshold was already equalled or exceeded 
immediately prior to such incurrence or change, to be exceeded further); 
(b) 
any Priority 1 Debt which is to be or has been incurred pursuant to any Non-Contingent 
Loan if such incurrence or change would cause the Adjusted Principal Amount of all 
Priority 1 Debt incurred pursuant to Non-Contingent Loans falling due more than 25 years 
after the relevant time to be equal to or exceed 20% of the Total Collateral Value at the

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
relevant time (or, if such 20% threshold was already equalled or exceeded immediately 
prior to such incurrence or change, to be exceeded further); and 
(c) 
any Priority 1 Debt or Priority 2 Debt which is to be or has been incurred pursuant to any 
Non Contingent Loan if such incurrence or change would cause the Adjusted Principal 
Amount of all Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt incurred pursuant to Non-Contingent 
Loans falling due more than 25 years after the relevant time to be equal to or exceed 30% 
of the Total Collateral Value at the relevant time (or, if such 30% threshold was already 
equalled or exceeded immediately prior to such incurrence or change, to be exceeded 
further), 
(the “Maturity Restrictions”). 
For the purposes of the Maturity Restrictions and the Reserving Requirements (defined below), 
the paragraphs below apply: 
(a) 
commercial paper which is supported by (i) a backstop liquidity facility, subject to sub 
paragraph (ii) below, will be deemed to fall due upon the latest possible scheduled 
maturity date of such facility or (ii) a revolving facility provided pursuant to an ACF 
Agreement shall be deemed to fall due on the date upon which amounts drawn under 
such facility would be deemed to fall due in accordance with paragraphs (b) to (d) 
(inclusive) below; 
(b) 
subject to paragraphs (c) and (d) below, revolving facilities will be deemed to fall due and 
to be repayable on the scheduled expiry of such facility; 
(c) 
if any amount is drawn under a revolving facility made available pursuant to an ACF 
Agreement, and the ACF Providers’ commitment under that facility is scheduled to reduce 
in part at any future date (in this section, the “step down date”), an amount equal to the 
positive difference (if any) between the amount drawn under such facility at any relevant 
time and the amount that will be the ACF Providers’ commitment under such facility 
immediately following the step down date will be deemed to fall due on the step down 
date; and 
(d) 
if any revolving facility made available pursuant to an ACF Agreement has a final maturity 
falling at least four years from the date (the “start date”) on which such facility was 
granted or extended, then, subject to paragraph (c) above, in the first two years from the 
start date no amount shall (for these purposes only) be treated as falling due but on and 
after the second anniversary of the start date the amount from time to time drawn under 
the facility will be treated as falling due and being repayable on the scheduled expiry of 
such facility. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Maturity Restrictions are without prejudice to the provisions of the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed referred to in “— Basic Terms Modifications”, page 183, 
below and “— Rating Affirmed Matters”, page 185, below. 
To the extent that Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt incurred pursuant to a Non 
Contingent Loan does not have a scheduled maturity date at least two years later than its

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
expected maturity date or does not have an expected maturity date (such expectation arising in 
each case by virtue of an actual margin step-up on a scheduled date), then the Obligors will 
ensure that either: 
(a) 
a reserve will be created, a committed facility entered into or an existing facility blocked 
in the amount of at least 50% of the Adjusted Principal Amount of such Priority 1 Debt, 
Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt which is due on the latest possible scheduled 
maturity date not later than 12 months prior to the latest possible scheduled maturity date. 
This reserve/ commitment will be increased over the following months such that it 
represents at least 75% of the Adjusted Principal Amount of such Priority 1 Debt, Priority 
2 Debt or Subordinated Debt which is due on the latest possible scheduled maturity date 
not later than nine months prior to, and 100% not later than six months prior to, the latest 
possible scheduled maturity date; or 
(b) 
the absence of the reserve, commitment or blocked facility referred to in paragraph (a) 
above is approved as a Rating Affirmed Matter not less than 10 and not more than 14 
months prior to the latest possible scheduled maturity date in respect of such Priority 1 
Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt, 
(the “Reserving Requirements”). 
Liquidity Facility Agreements 
Mandatory Liquidity Provisions: FinCo may, in the circumstances described below, be required to 
enter into Liquidity Facility Agreements from time to time. If it does, it shall ensure that the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Provider has acceded to the Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed in its capacity as such and satisfies certain other criteria set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no Liquidity Facility Agreement 
has been entered into. 
If the LTV or the Additional LTV is greater than or equal to 56% as at any Tier Test Calculation 
Date or Additional Calculation Date, FinCo will be considered to have “breached” the Liquidity 
Threshold and will be required to either: 
(a) 
have in place, at all times during the Liquidity Relevant Period, committed Liquidity 
Facilities which have an aggregate commitment amount (whether drawn or undrawn) 
equal to or greater than the Required Liquidity Amount; or 
(b) 
Prepay Non-Contingent Loans during the Liquidity Relevant Period in accordance with 
the Liquidity Prepayment Provision (see “— Mandatory Prepayment Provisions”, page 
119, below). 
FinCo is, pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement, deemed to have complied with its 
obligations under paragraph (a) above by having the Required Liquidity Amount from time to time 
standing to the credit of a separate ledger in the Income Replacement Account maintained by the 
Cash Manager for the purpose (the “Liquidity Ledger”).

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
FinCo is entitled (through the Cash Manager), and obliged, to access the funds standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Ledger to the extent that interest on Priority 1 Debt (and amounts, other 
than in respect of Rental Loans, ranking senior thereto under the relevant Security Group Priority 
of Payments) are not capable of being paid on their due dates from cash that is available to be 
applied in making payments pursuant to the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments (up to the amount of such ledger balance); and the Obligor Security Trustee is required, 
and obliged, to access the funds standing to the credit of the Liquidity Ledger to the extent of any 
such shortfall in respect of cash that is available to be applied in making payments pursuant to 
the Security Group Post Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments (up to the amount 
of such ledger balance). As in the case of any other Obligor Account, the balance on the Income 
Replacement Account will be applied as and when determined by the Obligor Security Trustee in 
accordance with the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments 
after delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice. The Obligors are permitted to withdraw funds 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Ledger at any time to the extent that such funds exceed the 
Required Liquidity Amount at that time. 
Restrictions on drawdown: FinCo is not permitted to draw any Financial Indebtedness under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement entered into pursuant to the foregoing provisions except for the 
purpose of paying interest on Priority 1 Debt (and amounts, other than in respect of Rental Loans, 
ranking senior thereto under the relevant Security Group Priority of Payments). 
Other Liquidity Facility Agreements: FinCo is permitted from time to time to enter into Liquidity 
Facility Agreements (in addition to any that may be required to be in place pursuant to the 
covenant set out above) which will be capable of being drawn for the purpose of paying interest 
on Financial Indebtedness of any Debt Rank as may be agreed with the relevant Liquidity Facility 
Provider and certain other amounts ranking senior thereto under the relevant Security Group 
Priority of Payments; provided that FinCo shall not enter into any such Liquidity Facility Agreement 
if it would cause the aggregate amount committed under such Liquidity Facility Agreements to 
exceed 2% of the Total Collateral Value (as calculated as of the most recent Scheduled 
Calculation Date falling prior to the date of the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement). 
Ranking: The ranking in point of security of Financial Indebtedness incurred under the Liquidity 
Facility Agreements vis-à-vis the other Financial Indebtedness of the Security Group will be 
determined in accordance with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed (see the Security Group 
Priorities of Payments set out in “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, below). 
Swap Agreements and Hedging Covenant 
FinCo or a Financial SPV Obligor is permitted to enter into Swap Transactions from time to time 
and may be required to do so in order to satisfy the requirements of the Hedging Covenant. Land 
Securities PLC may not be a party to any Swap Agreements. 
All Swap Agreements entered into prior to the date of this Base Prospectus have been entered 
into in the form, as amended by the parties thereto, of the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement 
(Multicurrency Cross Border). Swap Transactions entered into after the date of this Base 
Prospectus will be required to be pursuant to Swap Agreements substantially in the form of the 
first-mentioned Swap Agreements unless otherwise agreed or required by the Rating Agencies 
(see “— Hedging Arrangements”, page 229, below for further details).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
The Obligors are required to ensure that permitted Obligors enter into Swap Transactions in 
accordance with the Common Terms Agreement to ensure that, as of the Exchange Date and 
each Scheduled Calculation Date and Additional Calculation Date, the Security Group (to be 
treated for this purpose as a single entity with all the Financial Indebtedness of all the Obligors) 
is hedged against interest rate fluctuations in respect of: 
(a) 
if the T1 Covenant Regime or the T2 Covenant Regime applies on that day: 
(i) 
all interest payments that the Security Group is scheduled to make after that day 
but prior to the second anniversary of that day in respect of not less than 75% (by 
Adjusted Principal Amount on that day) of Non-Contingent Loans which are 
outstanding on that day; and 
(ii) 
all interest payments that the Security Group is scheduled to make on or at any 
time after the second anniversary of that day in respect of not less than 50% (by 
Adjusted Principal Amount on that day) of Non-Contingent Loans which are 
outstanding on that day; or 
(b) 
save as provided below, if a T3 Covenant Regime applies on that day: 
(i) 
all interest payments that the Security Group is scheduled to make after that day 
but prior to the fifth anniversary of that day in respect of not less than 90% (by 
Adjusted Principal Amount on that day) of Non-Contingent Loans which are 
outstanding on that day; 
(ii) 
all interest payments that the Security Group is scheduled to make on or after the 
fifth anniversary of that day but before the tenth anniversary of that day in respect 
of not less than 75% (by Adjusted Principal Amount on that day) of Non-
Contingent Loans which are outstanding on that day; and 
(iii) 
all interest payments that the Security Group is scheduled to make on or after the 
tenth anniversary of that day in respect of not less than 50% (by Adjusted 
Principal Amount on that day) of Non-Contingent Loans which are outstanding on 
that day, 
provided that any interest payments that any member of the Security Group is scheduled to make 
in respect of a Non-Contingent Loan which has a scheduled maturity date falling after its expected 
maturity date (such expectation arising by virtue of an actual margin step-up on a scheduled date) 
shall be disregarded for the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above unless and until such Non 
Contingent Loan is not repaid in full on such expected maturity date. 
Upon entering a T3 Covenant Regime from either the T1 Covenant Regime or the T2 Covenant 
Regime, the Obligors will not be required to comply with the requirements of paragraph (b) above 
until the date falling 45 days after the date upon which the T3 Covenants begin to apply. 
The Security Group (to be treated for this purpose as a single entity with all the Financial 
Indebtedness of all the Obligors) is also required to ensure that its net currency exposure is fully 
hedged into sterling as of the Exchange Date, each Scheduled Calculation Date and Additional

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Calculation Date, provided and to the extent that the Security Group’s aggregate net currency 
exposure exceeds £50,000,000 (or its spot equivalent in the relevant currency/ies) (subject to 
Indexation). For this purpose, the Security Group’s “net currency exposure” for a currency other 
than sterling means the Adjusted Principal Amount of the Financial Indebtedness denominated in 
such currency less the aggregate value of its assets which are denominated in such currency or 
situated in the relevant currency zone, as determined by the Principal Obligor or, if such sum is a 
negative number, zero. 
The Obligors are prohibited from entering into Swap Transactions with counterparties other than 
those having the Swap Counterparty Minimum Short-Term Ratings and Swap Counterparty 
Minimum Long Term Ratings or whose obligations in respect of such Swap Transaction are fully 
and unconditionally guaranteed by a financial institution which has the Swap Counterparty 
Minimum Short Term Ratings and Swap Counterparty Minimum Long-Term Ratings. The Obligors 
will also be prohibited from entering into any Swap Transaction which is either (a) unrelated to 
any existing liability of the Security Group (taken as a whole) or any other permitted liability unless 
such Swap Transaction is related to a liability which is expected by the Obligors to come into 
existence and which is a liability in relation to the whole or part of which the Obligors would 
reasonably expect to enter into a Swap Transaction or (b) for more than 120% of the aggregate 
liabilities of the Security Group (taken as a whole) which, but for being hedged, would be subject 
to the risk of interest rate and/or currency fluctuation. 
The Hedging Covenant will be reviewed from time to time by the Security Group and may be 
amended by the Security Group in line with market developments, regulatory developments or 
good industry practice. If the Security Group wishes to make any such amendments, however, it 
must deliver a request setting out the proposed amendments to the Rating Agencies and the 
Obligor Security Trustee; and subject to the exercise of any relevant Blocking Rights any such 
proposed amendments to the Hedging Covenant will only be effective upon such amendment 
being approved as a Rating Affirmed Matter. 
Ranking: The ranking in point of security of the Obligors’ liabilities under the Swap Agreements 
(excluding any obligation to pay amounts due and payable pursuant to a Swap Excluded 
Obligation (which will fall outside the scope (to the extent lawful) of the Security Group Priorities 
of Payments)), vis-à-vis other Secured Financial Indebtedness of the Obligors, will be determined 
in accordance with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed (see the Security Group Priorities of 
Payments set out in “Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, below). 
Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans 
Introduction 
The Obligors are permitted (and may, in the circumstances described in this section, be required) 
to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans (being Loans which are not Contingency Bonds) from time to 
time in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement. Prepayment may be effected in a number 
of ways, including the deposit of funds into the Debt Collateralisation Account and (in the case of 
ICL Loans) the purchase and surrender by FinCo of the Notes which correspond to such Loan.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
General covenants 
The Obligors are not permitted to Prepay any Non-Contingent Loan if an Obligor Event of Default 
is continuing unwaived (other than a Prepayment which would have the effect of remedying an 
Obligor Event of Default or is part of a series of transactions scheduled to complete within a single 
30-day period that will, together, have the effect of remedying such Obligor Event of Default) or if 
such Prepayment would be a Prohibited Transaction (provided that the foregoing will not prohibit 
the Actual Prepayment and/or Buyback at any time of any Non-Contingent Loan from amounts 
standing to the credit of the DCA Ledger for that Non-Contingent Loan (see “— Collateralisation”, 
page 117, below). 
FinCo, when Actually Prepaying any ICL Loan permitted or required to be Prepaid in whole or in 
part on any date, shall pay to the Issuer, in addition to the principal amount of such Prepayment 
(the “Prepayment Amount”): 
(a) 
all accrued but unpaid interest on the Prepayment Amount; and 
(b) 
(by virtue of the matching terms of each ICL Loan with the corresponding Notes) an 
amount equal to any additional amount that the Issuer will be required to pay to the 
holders of the corresponding Notes in order to prepay an amount of principal of such 
Notes equal to the Prepayment Amount, including any premium or penalty payable on 
such Notes, in each case calculated in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Cancellation). 
Source of Prepayment 
The Obligors are not permitted to: 
(a) 
actually Prepay or Buyback any Non-Contingent Loan on any date except from one or 
more of the following sources: 
(i) 
funds (from any source) remaining on such date after all other amounts payable 
by the Obligors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (s) (or paragraphs (a) to (j), if such 
Actual Prepayment or Buyback is a Mandatory Prepayment) of the Security 
Group Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments have been paid; 
(ii) 
proceeds from a Permitted Drawing made on such date; and 
(iii) 
deposits standing to the credit of the Debt Collateralisation Account on such date 
(provided that the Obligors will not be permitted to use funds standing to the credit 
of a DCA Ledger for one Non-Contingent Loan to Actually Prepay or Buyback any 
other Non-Contingent Loan without the prior written consent of the Obligor 
Security Trustee, acting on the instructions of the Note Trustee (in turn acting on 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of the Affected Class) or, as the 
case may be, of the Representative of the relevant ACF Provider(s)); or

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(b) 
collateralise any Non-Contingent Loan except from one or more of the sources of funds 
described in paragraphs (a)(i) and (a)(ii) above or by depositing any Notes held by the 
Obligors into the Debt Collateralisation Account. 
Collateralisation 
The Cash Manager (on behalf of the Obligors) is required to establish and maintain sub-ledgers 
(“Cash DCA Ledgers”) in respect of cash amounts standing to the credit of the Debt 
Collateralisation Account from time to time. If the Obligors Collateralise any individual Non-
Contingent Loan, the Cash Manager will (pursuant to the Account Bank and Cash Management 
Agreement) be required to establish and maintain a Cash DCA Ledger for such Non-Contingent 
Loan, credit to such Cash DCA Ledger all amounts deposited to the Debt Collateralisation Account 
from time to time to Collateralise such Non-Contingent Loan and debit from such Cash DCA 
Ledger all amounts which are withdrawn from the Debt Collateralisation Account from time to time 
to Actually Prepay or Buyback such Non-Contingent Loan. Amounts standing to the credit of any 
Cash DCA Ledger may be used to acquire Eligible Investments from time to time (and such ledger 
will be debited accordingly), provided that all repayments of principal received by the Obligors in 
respect of such investments will be required to be credited to such Cash DCA Ledger on the 
relevant date of receipt.  
The Principal Obligor (or FinCo on behalf of the Principal Obligor) is required to establish and 
maintain sub-ledgers (“Notes DCA Ledgers”) in respect of any Notes standing to the credit of the 
Debt Collateralisation Account from time to time and shall establish and maintain a Notes DCA 
Ledger for the corresponding ICL Loan which is being collateralised, credit to such Notes DCA 
Ledger the principal amount of the Notes deposited into the Debt Collateralisation Account from 
time to time to Collateralise that corresponding ICL and debit from such Notes DCA Ledger all 
amounts which are withdrawn from the Debt Collateralisation Account to Actually Prepay or 
Buyback from such Non-Contingent Loan in accordance with the terms of the Common Terms 
Agreement. 
The Obligors are permitted to Collateralise any Non-Contingent Loan permitted or required to be 
Prepaid in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement by depositing an amount in respect 
of the relevant Prepayment Amount in respect of such Non-Contingent Loan into the Debt 
Collateralisation Account (which, in the case of the ICL Loan, includes the depositing of any Notes 
held by an Obligor in respect of the corresponding ICL Loan where the amount deposited will be 
equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Notes deposited into the Debt Collateralisation 
Account from time to time) and crediting the amount of such deposit to the DCA Ledger for such 
Non-Contingent Loan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Obligors are prohibited from 
Collateralising any Non-Contingent Loan if the Actual Prepayment or Buyback of such Non-
Contingent Loan would be a Prohibited Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, Collateralisation 
of a Loan will not affect the obligation of the relevant Obligors vis-à-vis the relevant creditor in 
respect of that Loan. 
If the Obligors cease to be required to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans pursuant to any of the 
applicable Mandatory Prepayment Provisions, and at such time there are any sums standing to 
the credit of either the cash sub-ledger or the investment sub-ledger of any DCA Ledger, FinCo 
shall be entitled to withdraw all or any of such sums in accordance with the provisions described 
in “— Debt Collateralisation Account”, page 222, below.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Order of Prepayment 
Unless the Sequential Prepayment Regime applies, the Obligors will be permitted to Prepay any 
Loan permitted or required to be Prepaid in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement 
without regard to the Debt Rank of such Loan. 
The regime (the “Sequential Prepayment Regime”) described below will apply to all 
Prepayments made pursuant to the Mandatory Prepayment Provisions, while an Obligor Event of 
Default is continuing unwaived or while a T3 Covenant Regime applies, other than the following: 
(a) 
the Actual Prepayment or Buyback of a Non-Contingent Loan from deposits standing to 
the credit of the DCA Ledger for that Non-Contingent Loan; or 
(b) 
the Actual Prepayment of a Non-Contingent Loan from the proceeds of any Permitted 
Drawing of Financial Indebtedness having a Debt Rank which is equal to or lower than 
the Debt Rank of the Non-Contingent Loan so Prepaid. 
If the Sequential Prepayment Regime applies, all Prepayments which are otherwise permitted or 
required by the Common Terms Agreement will be required to be made in the following order of 
priority: 
(a) 
first, if any Priority 1 Debt remains outstanding on that date, pro rata and pari passu in or 
towards Prepayment of all outstanding Non-Contingent Loans which are Priority 1 Debt 
until all of such Loans have been Prepaid in full; 
(b) 
second, if any Priority 2 Debt remains outstanding on that date, pro rata and pari passu 
in or towards Prepayment of all outstanding Non-Contingent Loans which are Priority 2 
Debt until all of such Loans have been Prepaid in full; and 
(c) 
third, if any Subordinated Debt remains outstanding on that date, and: 
(i) 
a Subordinated Debt Split has not yet occurred, pro rata and pari passu in or 
towards Prepayment of all outstanding Non-Contingent Loans which are 
Subordinated Debt; or 
(ii) 
a Subordinated Debt Split has occurred, in or towards Prepayment of all 
outstanding Non-Contingent Loans which are Subordinated Debt in order of 
seniority (as determined by the Secondary Debt Rank of each such Loan), 
provided that Non Contingent Loans having the same Secondary Debt Rank shall 
be Prepaid pro rata and pari passu. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Obligors will not be permitted to Prepay any Non-Contingent Loan 
while the Sequential Prepayment Regime applies unless they Prepay, pro rata and pari passu, all 
other Non-Contingent Loans having the same Debt Rank.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
ICL Loans 
The Obligors will not be permitted to Actually Prepay any ICL Loan on any date other than a date 
upon which the Issuer is permitted or required to redeem principal on the corresponding Notes in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation). 
Purchase of Notes by Obligors 
FinCo or any other Obligor which is tax resident in the United Kingdom and which meets certain 
other criteria set out in the Common Terms Agreement may at any time purchase any of the Notes. 
If FinCo purchases any Notes and it elects to surrender such Notes: 
(a) 
it shall forthwith notify the Issuer and the Note Trustee of the same and surrender such 
Notes to the Issuer for cancellation in accordance with Condition 8(g) (Purchase of Notes 
by FinCo and other Obligors); and 
(b) 
upon cancellation of such Notes (other than any Class R Notes) in accordance with such 
Condition: 
(i) 
an amount equal to the amount of accrued but unpaid interest on such Notes as 
at the date of cancellation shall be deemed to have been paid on the 
corresponding ICL Loan; and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Notes as at the 
date of cancellation shall be deemed to have been repaid on the corresponding 
ICL Loan, 
in each case on the date of such cancellation, and upon such cancellation, the corresponding ICL 
Loan will be deemed to have been Prepaid by way of Buyback. 
Mandatory Prepayment Provisions 
The Obligors will be required to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in part in the circumstances 
described in this section. 
Upon Ratings Event or failure to obtain Ratings Affirmation: If, during any five-year period which 
begins on the later of (A) the Exchange Date and (B) the most recent Ratings Affirmation: 
(a) 
a Ratings Event occurs and does not cease to occur on or prior to the last day of such 
five year period; or 
(b) 
no Ratings Affirmation is obtained on or prior to the last day of such five-year period, 
then, on and from the last day of such five-year period until the Ratings Event ceases to occur or 
a Ratings Affirmation is obtained, as applicable, the Obligors will be required, on each date 
specified in the most recent Amortisation Schedule, to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in an 
amount equal to the amount specified in such Amortisation Schedule (the foregoing being the 
“Ratings Event Prepayment Provision”).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
While a T3 Covenant Regime applies: For so long as a T3 Covenant Regime applies, the Obligors 
will be required on each date specified in the most recent Amortisation Schedule to Prepay Non 
Contingent Loans in an amount equal to the amount specified in such Amortisation Schedule (the 
“T3 Prepayment Provision”). 
Pursuant to the Mandatory Liquidity Provisions: If, during any Liquidity Relevant Period, the 
aggregate of (a) the aggregate amount committed under all Liquidity Facility Agreements which 
comply with the Mandatory Liquidity Provisions (if any) and (b) the amount (if any) standing to the 
credit of the Liquidity Ledger, is less than the Required Liquidity Amount, the Obligors will be 
required on each date specified in the most recent Amortisation Schedule throughout the Liquidity 
Relevant Period to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in an amount equal to the amount specified in 
such Amortisation Schedule (the “Liquidity Prepayment Provision”). 
Due to breach of P1 Debt Test: If the P1 LTV calculated as of the most recent: 
(a) 
Tier Test Calculation Date exceeds 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 50%); or 
(b) 
Additional Calculation Date exceeds 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 50%), 
and the relevant Additional LTV (ignoring all debt other than Priority 1 Debt and amounts 
ranking senior to Priority 1 Debt in accordance with the relevant Security Group Priority 
of Payments as at the date of the test) calculated as of that date is not less than or equal 
to 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 50%),  
(such Calculation Date being a “P1 Breach Date”), and a P1 Breach Amount remains outstanding 
on the day after the later of: 
(i) 
the date of delivery to the Obligor Security Trustee of a Calculation Certificate in 
respect of such P1 Breach Date or the date upon which a Calculation Certificate 
was required to be delivered in respect of such P1 Breach Date, whichever is 
earlier (the “P1 Breach Certificate Date”); and 
(ii) 
if any Revolving R1 ICL Loan is outstanding as of the P1 Breach Certificate Date, 
the first rollover date to occur in respect of that Revolving R1 ICL Loan following 
the P1 Breach Certificate Date, 
the Obligors will be required on each date specified in the most recent Amortisation Schedule to 
Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in an amount equal to the amount specified in such Amortisation 
Schedule (the “P1 Debt Prepayment Provision”) until such time as no P1 Breach Amount is 
outstanding. 
Pursuant to DPA Prepayment Provision: The Obligors will be required to apply certain amounts 
standing to the credit of the Disposal Proceeds Account to the Prepayment of Non-Contingent 
Loans from time to time, as described in “— Disposal and Insurance Proceeds”, page 155, below 
(the “DPA Prepayment Provision”). 
Due to breach of LTV threshold during Change of Control Period: For so long as:

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(a) 
a Change of Control Period applies and either the T1 Covenant Regime or the T2 
Covenant Regime applies; and 
(b) 
the LTV or Additional LTV calculated as of the most recent Calculation Date falling during 
such Change of Control Period is greater than (i) 60%, (ii) 50% (if only Priority 1 Debt 
were taken into account for the purpose of determining the Security Group Net Debt 
Outstanding) or (iii) 40% (if only Priority 1 Debt other than Revolving R1/R2 Loans were 
taken into account for the purpose of determining the Security Group Net Debt 
Outstanding), 
the Obligors will be required on each date specified in the most recent Amortisation Schedule to 
Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in an amount equal to the amount specified in such Amortisation 
Schedule (the “Change of Control Prepayment Provision” and, together with the Ratings Event 
Prepayment Provision, the T3 Prepayment Provision, the Liquidity Prepayment Provision, the P1 
Debt Prepayment Provision and the DPA Prepayment Provision, the “Mandatory Prepayment 
Provisions”). The obligation of the Obligors to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in accordance with 
the DPA Prepayment Provision is in each case without prejudice to any other Mandatory 
Prepayment Provision, and vice versa. 
Mandatory Prepayments (other than those made pursuant to the DPA Prepayment Provision, 
where the obligation to Prepay is absolute) will only be required to be made to the extent of the 
availability of funds on the relevant date and any subsequent day in accordance with the 
applicable Security Group Priority of Payments (in this section, the “limited recourse provision”). 
If, by reason of the limited recourse provision, a Mandatory Prepayment is not made in full on any 
date upon which it is scheduled to be paid, the unpaid amount of such Prepayment will (subject 
to the limited recourse provision) be required to be paid on the next following day. 
The amounts required to be Prepaid pursuant to the Mandatory Prepayment Provisions (other 
than the DPA Prepayment Provision) will be calculated by the Obligors (or the Cash Manager on 
their behalf) by drawing up an Amortisation Schedule on the relevant Amortisation Determination 
Date by reference to the Non-Contingent Loans which are Priority 1 Debt or Priority 2 Debt then 
outstanding, which schedule shall be replaced by an updated Amortisation Schedule (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, will not change the quarterly payment dates or extend the final payment 
date of the superseded Amortisation Schedule) if: 
(a) 
there are further drawings of Non-Contingent Loans which are Priority 1 Debt or Priority 
2 Debt; or 
(b) 
the Obligors Prepay Non-Contingent Loans which are Priority 1 Debt or Priority 2 Debt 
(excluding Prepayments made pursuant to an existing Amortisation Schedule), 
in each case at a time when there is a continuing obligation to make such Prepayments. The first 
Prepayment date in respect of any Mandatory Prepayment Provision (other than the Ratings 
Event Prepayment Provision and the DPA Prepayment Provision) will be the first Financial Quarter 
Date which falls not less than five Business Days following the event giving rise to the obligation 
to Prepay (provided that, in the case of the T3 Prepayment Provision, the “event giving rise to the 
obligation to Prepay” shall occur on the relevant Calculation Date rather than the date as of which 
the Calculation Certificate is delivered in respect of that Calculation Date). The Obligors may

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
update the Amortisation Schedule at their option from time to time to take account of the amount 
of Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt then outstanding (provided that such update will not change 
the quarterly payment dates or extend the final payment date of the superseded Amortisation 
Schedule). 
Testing 
Introduction 
The Obligors (or the Principal Obligor on their behalf) are required to conduct the Tier Tests, the 
Additional Tier Tests, the P1 Debt Test, the Headroom Tests and the Transaction LTV Test from 
time to time in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement. Each of these tests (which shall 
be conducted by the Principal Obligor on behalf of the Obligors) calculates certain loan to value 
and/or interest coverage ratios in respect of the Security Group for the purposes, at the times and 
in the manner, described below. 
Purposes of tests 
The Tier Tests will determine the Covenant Regime to which the Obligors will be required to 
adhere from time to time. 
The Additional Tier Tests will determine the Covenant Regime that will apply to (and following the 
completion of) certain Acquisitions, the incurring of Financial Indebtedness and certain other 
transactions proposed to be entered into by the Obligors from time to time. 
The Headroom Tests will determine (a) the amount of Permitted Drawings available to be drawn 
by the Obligors from time to time and (b) whether the Obligors will be permitted to enter into 
contracts in respect of Proposed Additional Transactions from time to time.  
The P1 Debt Test will determine the asset cover for the Priority 1 Debt and higher-ranking 
Financial Indebtedness by reference to a loan to value test only and whether, and the extent to 
which, Revolving R1/R2 Loans (if any) must change from Priority 1 Debt to Priority 2 Debt and/or 
Prepayments of Non-Contingent Loans must be made. 
The Transaction LTV Test will determine whether the Obligors will be required to reserve for Tax 
in respect of certain transactions entered into at a time when either the T1 Covenant Regime or 
T2 Covenant Regime applies in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant from time to time. 
When tests conducted 
The Obligors are (inter alia) required to conduct one or more of the following tests on and/or as 
of the dates indicated below: 
(a) 
the Tier Tests as of each Scheduled Calculation Date and on each Optional Calculation 
Date (together the “Tier Test Calculation Dates”), provided that the Obligors will only be 
required to calculate the Historical ICR as of Scheduled Calculation Dates falling on or 
following the first anniversary of the Exchange Date (the Obligors being permitted, but 
not required, to calculate the Historical ICR on each Optional Calculation Date);

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(b) 
the P1 Debt Test as of each Tier Test Calculation Date (but only if the Tier Tests conducted 
as of that Tier Test Calculation Date indicate that the T1 Covenant Regime does not apply) 
and Additional Calculation Date as of which the T1 Covenant Regime does not apply; 
(c) 
the Additional Tier Tests, the P1 Headroom Test, the P2 Headroom Test and (if necessary) 
the SD Headroom Test and/or the UD Headroom Test on each Additional Calculation 
Date; 
(d) 
the Transaction LTV Test on each Transaction LTV Calculation Date; and 
(e) 
the Development Test as of each Tier Test Calculation Date and prior to entering into any 
building contract with respect to a Development Project. 
The Obligors are also required to determine whether a P1 Trigger Event or a P2 Trigger Event 
has occurred as of any Calculation Date (see “— Loan Enforcement Notice and Enforcement 
Action”, page 189, below 
LTV calculated on most recent Scheduled Calculation Date  
As at 31 March 2022, the LTV was 36.4% resulting in a T1 Covenant Regime and the T1 Covenant 
Regime continues to apply at the date of this Base Prospectus and will apply at least until the 
next Tier Determination Date and the next Additional Tier Determination Date (see “Determining 
the Applicable Covenant Regime”, page 103 below).  
Summary of the Calculation Tests and their purposes 
TEST 
DATES / 
TEST 
TYPE 
SCHEDULED 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
ADDITIONAL 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
OPTIONAL 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
TRANSACTI
ON 
LTV 
CALCULATIO
N DATES 
PURPOSE 
OF TEST 
Tier Tests 
– LTV, 
Historical 
ICR and 
Projected 
ICR 
H 
— 
H 
— 
Determines 
which 
Covenant 
Regime 
applies on 
and from 
the Tier 
Determinati
on Date 
following the 
relevant Tier 
Test 
Calculation 
Date 
P1 Debt 
Test - P1 
LTV 
H 
H 
H 
— 
Determines 
asset cover 
for the 
Priority 1 
Debt and 
higher-
ranking

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
TEST 
DATES / 
TEST 
TYPE 
SCHEDULED 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
ADDITIONAL 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
OPTIONAL 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
TRANSACTI
ON 
LTV 
CALCULATIO
N DATES 
PURPOSE 
OF TEST 
Financial 
Indebtednes
s and 
whether, 
and the 
extent to 
which, 
Revolving 
R1/R2 
Loans (if 
any) must 
change from 
Priority 1 
Debt to 
Priority 2 
Debt and/ or 
Prepayment
s of Non-
Contingent 
Loans must 
be made 
Additional 
Tier Tests 
and 
Headroo
m Tests – 
Additional 
LTV, 
Additional 
Projected 
ICR and 
Pro 
Forma 
Historical 
ICR 
— 
H 
— 
— 
Determines 
which 
Covenant 
Regime 
applies on 
and from 
the 
Additional 
Tier 
Determinati
on Date 
following the 
relevant 
Additional 
Calculation 
Date and 
whether 
certain 
transactions 
are 
permitted 
under the 
Common 
Terms 
Agreement 
Transactio
n LTV 
Test 
— 
— 
— 
T 
Determines 
whether any 
reserve is 
required to 
be made in

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
TEST 
DATES / 
TEST 
TYPE 
SCHEDULED 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
ADDITIONAL 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
OPTIONAL 
CALCULATI
ON DATES 
TRANSACTI
ON 
LTV 
CALCULATIO
N DATES 
PURPOSE 
OF TEST 
respect of 
any tax 
payable by 
an Obligor 
in respect of 
a Specified 
Arrangemen
t or a 
material 
Disposal 
Notes: 
H 
The Obligors will only be required to conduct the Historical ICR in respect of Scheduled 
Calculation Dates falling on or following the first anniversary of the Exchange Date. In 
addition, the Obligors may elect (but will not be required) to conduct the Historical ICR on 
any Optional Calculation Date and the Pro Forma Historical ICR as of any Additional 
Calculation Date. 
P 
The P1 Debt Test will be conducted only as of (a) Tier Test Calculation Dates if the Tier 
Tests conducted as of such Calculation Dates indicate that the T1 Covenant Regime does 
not apply and (b) Additional Calculation Dates as of which the T1 Covenant Regime does 
not apply. 
T 
The Transaction LTV Test will be conducted on a Transaction LTV Calculation Date only 
if the T1 Covenant Regime or T2 Covenant Regime then applies. 
The Tier Tests 
The Obligors are required to calculate: 
(a) 
as of each Tier Test Calculation Date: 
(i) 
a percentage (the “LTV”) equal to the Security Group Net Debt Outstanding as of 
such date divided by the Total Collateral Value as of such date (with the quotient 
being multiplied by 100); and 
(ii) 
the ratio (the “Projected ICR”) of the Projected EBITDA to the Projected Interest 
Charges, in each case calculated in respect of the Forward-Looking Calculation 
Period relating to such date; and 
(b) 
as of each Tier Test Calculation Date which is also a Scheduled Calculation Date falling 
on or after the first anniversary of the Exchange Date and on each Optional Calculation 
Date upon which the Obligors have elected to calculate the Historical ICR, the ratio (the 
“Historical ICR”) of the Historical EBITDA to the Historical Interest Charges, in each case 
calculated in respect of the Historical Calculation Period relating to such date.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
The P1 Debt Test 
If the Tier Tests conducted as of any Tier Test Calculation Date indicate that the Tier 1 Covenant 
Regime does not apply, the Obligors will be required to recalculate the LTV, ignoring for the 
purposes of such recalculation all Financial Indebtedness other than outstanding Priority 1 Debt 
and amounts ranking senior to Priority 1 Debt in accordance with the relevant Security Group 
Priority of Payments (such recalculation being the “P1 Debt Test”). The Obligors will also be 
required to conduct the P1 Debt Test as of each Additional Calculation Date as of which the T1 
Covenant Regime does not apply (for the avoidance of doubt, ignoring the effects of the relevant 
Proposed Additional Transaction for the purposes of such test).  
The Obligors may be required to refinance Revolving R1/R2 Loans which are Priority 1 Debt with 
Revolving R1/R2 Loans which are Priority 2 Debt and/or Prepay Non-Contingent Loans if the LTV 
calculated pursuant to the P1 Debt Test (the “P1 LTV”) exceeds certain thresholds as of any 
relevant Calculation Date (See “— Reborrowing restrictions and requirements applicable to 
Revolving R1/R2 Loans”, immediately below and “— Due to breach of P1 Debt Test”, page 120, 
above.) 
Reborrowing restrictions and requirements applicable to Revolving R1/R2 Loans 
If the P1 LTV calculated as of the most recent: 
(a) 
Tier Test Calculation Date exceeds 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 50%); or 
(b) 
Additional Calculation Date exceeds 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 50%), 
and the relevant Additional LTV (ignoring all Financial Indebtedness other than Priority 1 
Debt and amounts ranking senior to Priority 1 Debt in accordance with the relevant 
Security Group Priority of Payments) calculated as of that date is not less than or equal 
to 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 50%), 
then: 
(i) 
on the P1 Breach Certificate Date, Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loans which are Priority 
1 Debt will be automatically redesignated as Priority 2 Debt in an amount equal 
to the R1/R2 Pro rata Amount; 
(ii) 
the Obligors will be prohibited from redesignating as Priority 1 Debt any Revolving 
R1/R2 ACF Loan which is Priority 2 Debt if there would be a P1 Breach Amount 
immediately after such redesignation; and 
(iii) 
if any Revolving R1/R2 Loan which is Priority 1 Debt is outstanding as of the P1 
Breach Certificate Date, the Obligors will be prohibited from refinancing such 
Revolving R1/R2 Loan (in whole or in part) with another Revolving R1/R2 Loan 
which is Priority 1 Debt if there would be a P1 Breach Amount immediately 
following such refinancing.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
The Additional Tier Tests and Headroom Tests 
If the Obligors (or any of them) wish to do any of the following or any combination of the following 
(other than borrowing the Initial ICL Loans and Initial ACF Loans) which the Principal Obligor, 
acting reasonably, expects to complete within a single 30-day period (or such lesser period as the 
Principal Obligor may elect): 
(a) 
incurring any Financial Indebtedness which would cause the Security Group Net Debt 
Outstanding (were the same to be calculated immediately following such incurrence in 
accordance with the Tier Tests) to exceed, by more than the Maximum Drawing Amount, 
the Security Group Net Debt Outstanding calculated as of the most recent Tier Test 
Calculation Date in accordance with the Tier Tests; and/or 
(b) 
making one or more: 
(i) 
Acquisitions involving an aggregate expenditure by the Security Group of more 
than £50,000,000 (subject to Indexation) since the later of the last Tier Test 
Calculation Date and the last Additional Calculation Date; and/or 
(ii) 
Disposals or Deemed Disposals or releases from the Estate (since the later of 
the last Tier Test Calculation Date and the last Additional Calculation Date) of 
Mortgaged Properties having an aggregate Market Value of greater than 
£50,000,000 (subject to Indexation); and/or 
(iii) 
Disposals or Deemed Disposals or releases from the Estate of Mortgaged 
Properties of any value if it is intended that any part of the Sales Proceeds be 
used to finance a Restricted Payment; and/or 
(iv) 
incurrences of more than £50,000,000 in aggregate (subject to Indexation) of 
Financial Indebtedness (other than Financial Indebtedness drawn under a 
Liquidity Facility) since the later of the last Tier Test Calculation Date and the last 
Additional Calculation Date (provided that the repayment and immediate 
redrawing of a revolving loan under the same facility agreement (including the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement) or the issue of commercial paper (the full 
proceeds of which are applied, on the relevant issue date, to the redemption of 
commercial paper which has fallen due for redemption) shall not be treated as an 
incurrence of Financial Indebtedness for the purposes of this paragraph (iv) if the 
revolving loan which is redrawn or the commercial paper which is issued, as the 
case may be, has the same Debt Rank as the revolving loan so repaid or the 
commercial paper so redeemed, as the case may be); and/or 
(v) 
Prepayments of more than £50,000,000 in aggregate (subject to Indexation) 
since the later of the last Tier Test Calculation Date and the last Additional 
Calculation Date; and/or 
(vi) 
the withdrawal of more than £50,000,000 in aggregate (subject to Indexation) 
from the Disposal Proceeds Account, the Debt Collateralisation Account, any 
Approved Blocked Account or any combination of the foregoing (excluding

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
withdrawals pursuant to a transfer of funds to the Disposal Proceeds Account, 
the Debt Collateralisation Account or any Approved Blocked Account) since the 
later of the last Tier Test Calculation Date and the last Additional Calculation Date, 
the probable effect of which (taken as a whole), in the opinion of the Principal Obligor 
(acting reasonably), would be to breach the P1 Headroom Test, the P2 Headroom Test or 
the Financial Covenant or cause a more restrictive Covenant Regime to apply were such 
Headroom Tests or Tier Tests conducted immediately following the completion of such 
transactions; and/or 
(c) 
making any Acquisition while a T3 Covenant Regime applies (other than an Acquisition 
which (i) is part of an Intra-Security Group Disposal transaction or (ii) is funded solely by 
the issue of equity by one or more Obligors to persons outside the Security Group or (iii) 
involves a property with a purchase price of less than £5,000,000 (subject to Indexation)), 
(each such transaction, or combination of transactions, as the case may be, together with any 
repayments of Financial Indebtedness scheduled to be made during that 30-day (or lesser) 
period, being a “Proposed Additional Transaction”), then the Obligors shall select, as a date 
upon which to calculate the Additional Tier Tests, a Business Day falling prior to (but not more 
than 10 Business Days prior to) the Proposed Completion Date in respect of such Proposed 
Additional Transaction (each such selected Business Day, an “Additional Calculation Date”). 
On each Additional Calculation Date, the Obligors will calculate all of the following: 
(a) 
the LTV assuming, for the purposes of such calculations, that the relevant Proposed 
Additional Transaction (and any other Proposed Additional Transaction in respect of 
which the Additional Tier Tests have been conducted but an Additional Tier Determination 
Date has not occurred (in this section, an “Outstanding Transaction”)) completed as of 
such Additional Calculation Date (the loan to value ratio so calculated being the 
“Additional LTV”); 
(b) 
the Projected ICR assuming, for the purposes of such calculations, that the relevant 
Proposed Additional Transaction (and any Outstanding Transaction) completed as of 
such Additional Calculation Date (the interest cover ratio so calculated being the 
“Additional Projected ICR”); 
(c) 
only if the Principal Obligor elects to do so, the Historical ICR assuming, for the purpose 
of such calculation, that the relevant Proposed Additional Transaction (and any 
Outstanding Transaction) was completed as of the first day of the most recently 
completed Historical Calculation Period (the interest cover ratio so calculated being the 
“Pro Forma Historical ICR”); 
(d) 
the P1 Headroom Test and the P2 Headroom Test; 
(e) 
the LTV and the Projected ICR (solely for the purpose of determining whether there has 
been a breach of the Financial Covenant); and

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(f) 
if the T1 Covenant Regime does not apply as at such Additional Calculation Date, the P1 
LTV, 
in each case using the most recent information available to the Obligors (which information shall 
in any case be no older than the information set out in the most recently available month-end 
management accounts of the Security Group). 
The Obligors shall not effect, carry out or complete any Proposed Additional Transaction or any 
part of it if: 
(a) 
the relevant Additional LTV exceeds 100%, Additional Projected ICR is less than 1.00:1 
or Pro Forma Historical ICR (if calculated in respect of such Proposed Additional 
Transaction) is less than 1.00:1; or 
(b) 
such transaction would cause either the P1 Headroom Test or the P2 Headroom Test to 
be breached or, if already breached, to be breached further. 
Standard of care regarding projections 
The Common Terms Agreement provides that all projections made by the Obligors for the 
purposes of any of the tests referred to in “— The Additional Tier Tests and Headroom Tests” 
immediately above, or for the purpose of determining the Projected ICR or the Transaction LTV, 
will in each case be made in good faith, using the projection methodologies and assumptions from 
time to time used by the Obligors in the ordinary course of their business. If (in the opinion of the 
Principal Obligor, acting reasonably) the adoption of any change in projection methodologies 
(when considered together with any other changes in such methodologies since the Exchange 
Date or the date of the most recent Projection Methodologies Confirmation, whichever is more 
recent) would result in a material alteration of the commercial effect of the Financial Covenant, 
the Headroom Tests or the Tier Thresholds so as to make any of the foregoing materially less 
onerous for the Obligors, the Obligors shall not be permitted to use such projection methodologies 
for the purposes of the Obligor Transaction Documents unless: 
(a) 
the Obligors notify the Rating Agencies of the proposed changes to such methodologies; 
and 
(b) 
the Ratings Test is satisfied with respect to the adoption of such changes (a “Projection 
Methodologies Confirmation”). 
The Transaction LTV Test 
If, on any date upon which the T1 Covenant Regime or the T2 Covenant Regime applies, any 
Obligor proposes to either: 
(a) 
effect a disposal outside of the CGT Group (which shall for these purposes include the 
crystallisation of a Degrouping Charge) in respect of which the Disposal Tax is in excess 
of £25,000,000 (subject to Indexation), resulting in the aggregate amount of unpaid 
Disposal Tax in respect of that and any other such disposals within the Security Group 
exceeding £50,000,000 (subject to Transaction Indexation); or

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(b) 
enter into a Specified Arrangement where the aggregate unpaid Transaction Tax in 
respect of that and any other Specified Arrangements previously entered into by 
member(s) of the Security Group is in excess of £50,000,000 (subject to Transaction 
Indexation), 
then on a date prior to (but not more than 10 Business Days prior to) such disposal being effected 
or such Specified Arrangement being entered into (each such date being a “Transaction LTV 
Calculation Date”) the Principal Obligor will be required to calculate the LTV assuming, for the 
purposes of such calculation, that the Security Group has borrowed, on the date of such test, an 
amount (a “Deemed Tax Borrowing”) equal to the sum of (a) the amount of unpaid Disposal Tax 
(including, where the transaction that results in the operation of the Transaction LTV Test is a 
Disposal, the Disposal Tax arising on the relevant Disposal) in excess of £50,000,000 (subject to 
Transaction Indexation) and (b) the amount of unpaid Transaction Tax (including, where the 
transaction that results in the operation of the Transaction LTV Test is a Specified Arrangement, 
the Transaction Tax relating to the relevant Specified Arrangement) in excess of £50,000,000 
(subject to Transaction Indexation), save to the extent that such Disposal Tax or Transaction Tax, 
as the case may be, is already reserved in a Tax Reserve Account (the LTV so calculated being 
the “Transaction LTV” and such test being the “Transaction LTV Test”). In addition, where an 
Obligor enters into a Specified Arrangement (other than certain Specified Arrangements in respect 
of which members of the Security Group are subject to an obligation to fund a cash reserve under 
certain provisions contained in the Tax Deed of Covenant which apply at a time when a T3 
Covenant Regime applies to the Security Group) that has a term of more than one year, it will be 
required to run the Transaction LTV Test at the beginning of each Financial Year with respect to 
such Specified Arrangement as though such Specified Arrangement is a transaction which that 
Obligor proposes to enter into at that time. If the Transaction LTV breaches the T2 Threshold on 
such Transaction LTV Calculation Date, the Obligors will be required, in accordance with the Tax 
Deed of Covenant, to deposit into the General Tax Reserve Account an amount equal to the lesser 
of (A) (i) in the case of a Specified Arrangement, the amount of Transaction Tax relating to that 
transaction or (ii) in the case of a Disposal, the amount of Disposal Tax arising in respect of that 
Disposal and (B) the minimum amount that, if deducted from the Deemed Tax Borrowings, would 
cause the Transaction LTV to comply with the T2 Threshold if the Transaction LTV were 
recalculated immediately after the making of such deposit. 
Calculation Certificates 
The Obligors are required to provide the Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies with a 
certificate (a “Calculation Certificate”) in substantially the form set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement: 
(a) 
within 90 days of each Scheduled Calculation Date; 
(b) 
in the case of an Additional Calculation Date, no later than the Business Day before the 
Proposed Completion Date of the relevant Proposed Additional Transaction; and 
(c) 
on each Optional Calculation Date and Transaction LTV Calculation Date.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
The company is required to procure that each such Calculation Certificate be delivered to the 
Representative in relation to the relevant Existing ACF Agreement or Further ACF Agreement on 
the same day. 
Each Calculation Certificate shall, among other things: 
(a) 
be signed by two Authorised Signatories; 
(b) 
include the results of any computations of the loan to value, projected interest cover and 
historical interest cover ratios performed pursuant to each of the Calculation Tests 
performed on or as of that Calculation Date (as the case may be) provided that each such 
Calculation Certificate (other than any Calculation Certificate delivered to the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies) shall have the paragraphs setting out 
Projected ICR and Additional Projected ICR deleted therefrom but will instead specify 
those Tier Thresholds which have been breached and those which have not been 
breached by such Projected ICR and such Additional Projected ICR, as the case may be; 
(c) 
if such Calculation Certificate is delivered in respect of a Scheduled Calculation Date 
falling on the last day of a Financial Half-Year, include reasonable details (as agreed with 
the Obligor Security Trustee) of the LTV (and the constituent parts thereof) and Historical 
ICR calculated as of that date; 
(d) 
include the results of any P1 Headroom Test and P2 Headroom Test performed as of that 
Calculation Date; and  
(e) 
include the results of any Development Test (and the constituent parts thereof) conducted 
as of that Calculation Date. 
Changes in Applicable Accounting Principles 
The Obligors have covenanted that any calculation or determination of the loan to value ratios 
and the interest coverage ratios by the Security Group under the Common Terms Agreement will 
be prepared, calculated or determined in accordance with: 
(a) 
generally accepted accounting principles in the United Kingdom (as applied by the 
Obligors as of the Exchange Date); or 
(b) 
if the Obligors decide to adopt other accounting principles or change any one of them 
(including but not limited to the implementation of International Accounting Standards and 
International Financial Reporting Standards as then applied) and the Obligors elect (in a 
notice in writing to the Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies) to adopt such 
principles (the “Proposed Accounting Principles”) for the purpose of determining the 
loan to value and interest coverage ratios under the Obligor Transaction Documents, 
then, save as provided below, such Proposed Accounting Principles, 
(whichever is applicable, the “Applicable Accounting Principles”). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing:

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
(a) 
if (in the opinion of the Principal Obligor, acting reasonably) the adoption of any Proposed 
Accounting Principles (when considered together with any other changes in the 
Applicable Accounting Principles since the later of the Exchange Date and the most 
recent Accounting Principles Confirmation, as defined below) would result in a material 
alteration of the commercial effect of the Financial Covenant, the Headroom Tests or the 
Tier Thresholds (or any other test, representation, warranty or covenant in the Obligor 
Transaction Documents which relies upon, incorporates or includes a loan to value and/or 
interest coverage ratio) so as to make any of the foregoing materially less onerous for the 
Obligors, the Obligors will not be permitted to adopt such Proposed Accounting Principles 
for the purposes of any calculation or determination of the loan to value ratios and the 
interest coverage ratios under the Obligor Transaction Documents unless and until the 
Principal Obligor: 
(i) 
proposes to the Rating Agencies changes to, among other things, the threshold 
levels of, or component parts of the definitions of, such loan to value and/or 
interest coverage ratios; and 
(ii) 
confirms (by notice to the Obligor Security Trustee) that the proposed changes 
referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above have been approved as a Rating Affirmed 
Matter (the “Accounting Principles Confirmation”); and 
(b) 
the Applicable Accounting Principles will not be applied in calculating (i) Financial 
Indebtedness and Security Group Net Debt Outstanding, save where specifically stated 
in respect of any component part of the definitions thereof or (ii) any element of the 
interest cover ratios in respect of which it is stated that the Applicable Accounting 
Principles do not apply or that the relevant computation shall be made on another 
specified basis. 
If, as a result of the foregoing, the Obligors are required as of any Scheduled Calculation Date to 
calculate the Historical ICR in respect of a 12-month period using one set of Applicable Accounting 
Principles and, as of a previous Scheduled Calculation Date, the Obligors calculated the Projected 
ICR in respect of that same period using a different set of Applicable Accounting Principles, then 
the Obligors will be required to include a reconciliation of the two calculations in the Calculation 
Certificate required to be delivered in respect of that Scheduled Calculation Date, so that either 
(i) the Historical ICR is recalculated using the earlier set of Applicable Accounting Principles to 
facilitate comparison with the Projected ICR for the relevant period or (ii) the Projected ICR for 
the relevant period is recalculated using the current set of Applicable Accounting Principles so as 
to facilitate comparison with the Historical ICR for such period. If the Obligors have conducted the 
reconciliation referred to in (i) above, the Historical ICR so calculated will be deemed to be the 
Historical ICR for such period for the purposes of determining whether a Historical ICR Event has 
occurred; alternatively if the Obligors have conducted the reconciliation referred to in (ii) above, 
the Projected ICR so calculated will be deemed to be the Projected ICR for such period for the 
purposes of determining whether a Historical ICR Event has occurred (see “— Tier Thresholds”, 
page 134, below).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Currency Conversion Rates and Unhedged Sterling Interest Charges 
Whenever the Obligors are required to calculate the loan to value ratios and the interest coverage 
ratios under the Obligor Transaction Documents, the following conversion rates shall be used to 
convert non-sterling amounts into sterling: 
(a) 
Security Group Net Debt Outstanding: any Financial Indebtedness that is hedged against 
fluctuations in the rate of exchange between sterling and the relevant currency shall be 
converted at the weighted average of the relevant rates agreed in the relevant Swap 
Transactions (such weighting to be by reference to the notional amounts employed in the 
relevant Swap Transactions); otherwise, the then applicable spot rate for the purchase of 
sterling, as quoted by the Account Bank, will be applied; 
(b) 
Total Collateral Value: if any Market Value for a Mortgaged Property has been calculated 
in a currency other than sterling, that value shall be converted into sterling at the rate 
implicit in any asset translation hedge entered into in relation thereto or, if none, the spot 
rate for the purchase of sterling quoted by the Account Bank; and 
(c) 
Historical EBITDA and Historical Interest Charges: the applicable rate for non-sterling 
income and interest charges will be that used in the Security Group’s profit and loss 
account for the relevant Historical Calculation Period or, if none, the rate that would have 
been used in preparing the Security Group’s profit and loss account in accordance with 
its accounting policies had one been prepared for the relevant Historical Calculation 
Period. 
Determining the Applicable Covenant Regime 
Under the Common Terms Agreement, all Obligor Secured Creditors (irrespective of their ranking 
in terms of priority in point of security) have, at any point in time, the benefit of the same set of 
covenants granted by the Security Group. 
The Tier 1 Covenant Regime applies until any change becomes effective as described below. At 
the Tier Test Calculation Date of 31 March 2022 (a “Scheduled Calculation Date”) the LTV was 
36.4% (based on the Valuation of the Estate (including any FCAs) as at 31 March 2022).  
The Covenant Regime that applies at any time will be determined by the outcome of the Tier Tests 
or the Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) but will take effect (and accordingly any change 
will take effect) on the Tier Determination Date for such Tier Tests or, as the case may be, on the 
next Additional Tier Determination Date for such Additional Tier Tests. 
For these purposes: 
“Tier Determination Date” in respect of the Tier Tests means the date upon which such tests are 
conducted (being no later than the latest date on or by which the Calculation Certificate in respect 
of such tests is required to be delivered); and 
“Additional Tier Determination Date” in respect of the Additional Tier Tests conducted in respect 
of any Proposed Additional Transaction means:

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(a) 
if such Additional Tier Tests will result in a more restrictive Covenant Regime applying, 
the date immediately before the relevant Proposed Completion Date; or 
(b) 
if such Additional Tier Tests will result in the same or a less restrictive Covenant Regime 
applying, the date upon which all elements of such transaction are completed. 
The Covenant Regime that will apply as from a Tier Determination Date or an Additional Tier 
Determination Date will be determined by whether certain ratio thresholds are breached, as 
demonstrated by the Tier Tests or Additional Tier Tests. 
The relevant Tier Thresholds are the T1 Thresholds, the T2 Thresholds and the Initial T3 
Thresholds, in each case set out in the table below. 
Tier Thresholds 
TIER THRESHOLD
LTV AND 
ADDITIONAL 
LTV 
HISTORICAL ICR, PRO FORMA HISTORICAL 
ICR, PROJECTED ICR AND ADDITIONAL 
PROJECTED ICR 
T1 Threshold 
≤ 55%1 
≥ 1.85:1 
T2 Threshold 
≤ 65%2 
≥ 1.45:1 
Initial T3 Threshold 
≤ 80% 
≥ 1.20:1 
 
Notes: 
1 
50% if the relevant Calculation Date falls within a Change of Control Period 
2 
60% if the relevant Calculation Date falls within a Change of Control Period and, earlier 
in that Change of Control Period, LTV was less than 60% 
Save as provided below, (a) if no Tier Threshold is breached, the T1 Covenant Regime will apply; 
(b) if any of the T1 Thresholds are breached (but none of the T2 Thresholds are breached), the 
T2 Covenant Regime will apply; (c) if any of the T2 Thresholds are breached (but none of the 
Initial T3 Thresholds are breached), the Initial T3 Covenant Regime will apply; and (d) if any of 
the Initial T3 Thresholds are breached, the Final T3 Covenant Regime will apply. 
The Obligors will only be required to calculate the Historical ICR as of each Scheduled Calculation 
Date falling on and after the first anniversary of the Exchange Date. The Obligors may also elect 
to calculate the Historical ICR on any Optional Calculation Date and/or the Pro Forma Historical 
ICR on any Additional Calculation Date. 
The Historical ICR calculated as of any Scheduled Calculation Date will be disregarded for the 
purpose of determining the applicable Covenant Regime unless a Historical ICR Event is 
continuing. A “Historical ICR Event” will occur as of any Scheduled Calculation Date if:

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(a) 
the Historical ICR calculated as of that date falls below any Tier Threshold and the 
Projected ICR calculated in respect of the same Calculation Period equalled or exceeded 
that same Tier Threshold; and 
(b) 
the Historical ICR calculated as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Calculation Date 
fell below any Tier Threshold and the Projected ICR calculated in respect of the same 
Calculation Period equalled or exceeded that same Tier Threshold, 
and such event will continue until the first Scheduled Calculation Date as of which the 
circumstance described in paragraph (a) above does not occur. 
If the Historical ICR calculated as of any Scheduled Calculation Date falls below the T1 Threshold, 
and it is not disregarded as described above, the T1 Covenant Regime will not be capable of 
applying until the first Tier Determination Date or Additional Tier Determination Date in respect of 
a Calculation Date as of which: 
(a) 
the Projected ICR equals or exceeds the T1 Threshold and the LTV is equal to or less 
than the T1 Threshold, provided that a Historical ICR Event is not continuing as of that 
Calculation Date; or 
(b) 
the Historical ICR or the Pro Forma Historical ICR equals or exceeds the T1 Threshold. 
The same principle will apply, mutatis mutandis, if the Historical ICR breaches the T2 Threshold 
or the Initial T3 Threshold as of any Scheduled Calculation Date. 
The first Historical Calculation Period shall end on the first Scheduled Calculation Date falling on 
or after the first anniversary of the Exchange Date. 
Applicable Covenants 
For so long as the T1 Covenant Regime applies, the Obligors will be required to comply with the 
T1 Covenants only. 
For so long as the T2 Covenant Regime applies, the Obligors will be required to comply with the 
T1 Covenants (save to the extent supplemented and/or explicitly modified by the T2 Covenants) 
and the T2 Covenants only. 
For so long as the Initial T3 Covenant Regime applies, the Obligors will be required to comply 
with the T1 Covenants and the T2 Covenants (save to the extent that any of the foregoing are 
supplemented and/ or explicitly modified by the Initial T3 Covenants) and the Initial T3 Covenants 
only. 
For so long as the Final T3 Covenant Regime applies, the Obligors will be required to comply with 
the T1 Covenants, the T2 Covenants and the Initial T3 Covenants (save to the extent that any of 
the foregoing are supplemented and/or explicitly modified by the Final T3 Covenants) and the 
Final T3 Covenants.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Covenants set out in the Common Terms Agreement which are not specifically referred to as T1 
Covenants, T2 Covenants, Initial T3 Covenants or Final T3 Covenants (or specifically stated to 
apply only while one or more Covenant Regimes apply) will be treated as T1 Covenants. 
Summary of the Different Covenants Applying in Different Covenant Regimes 
 
T1 
COVENANT 
REGIME
T2 
COVENANT 
REGIME
INITIAL T3 
COVENANT 
REGIME
FINAL T3 
COVENANT 
REGIME
Financial Covenant 
 
 
 
 
Sector Diversity 
 
 
 
 
Geographic Diversity 
 
 
 
 
Tenant Concentration 
 
 
 
 
Property Management 
 
 
 
 
Leasing 
 
 
 
 
Development 
 
 
 
 
Disposals 
 
 
 
 
Covenants regarding the 
provision of Financial 
Information 
 
 
 
 
Additional Positive Covenants 
of the Security Group 
 
 
 
 
Additional Negative Covenants 
of the Security Group 
 
 
 
 
Application of Sales Proceeds 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity Facilities to be 
available 
– 
 
 
 
Lease Surrenders 
– 
– 
 
 
Appointment of Property 
Manager 
– 
– 
 
 
Additional Payment 
Requirements on cessation of 
Common Control 
– 
– 
 
 
Restricted Application of Sales 
Proceeds and Insurance 
Proceeds 
– 
– 
 
 
Amortisation of Non-Contingent 
Loans 
– 
– 
 
 
Additional restrictions on 
Restricted Payments 
– 
– 
– 
 
Application of Sales Proceeds 
and (if not needed to reinstate) 
Insurance Proceeds to debt 
pay-down 
– 
– 
– 
 
 
T1 Covenants 
The T1 Covenants include those covenants set out below. 
Financial Covenant  
Under the terms of the Common Terms Agreement, each Obligor covenants with the Obligor 
Security Trustee that:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(a) 
as at no Tier Test Calculation Date or Additional Calculation Date shall: 
(i) 
the LTV exceed 100%; or 
(ii) 
the Projected ICR be less than 1.00:1; and 
(b) 
as at no Calculation Date as of which the Historical ICR is calculated shall the Historical 
ICR be less than 1.00:1 in respect of both of the two most recent Historical Calculation 
Periods. 
Property Covenants 
Sector diversity – positive covenant: The Obligors shall ensure that, at all times, the entire Estate 
is allocated to Sectors by reference to Market Value on the following basis: 
(a) 
in the case of a single use Mortgaged Property, the whole of the Market Value thereof is 
allocated to the relevant Sector; 
(b) 
in the case of a mixed use Mortgaged Property, the Market Value attributable to each use 
is allocated to the Sector to which it is attributable (provided that the sum of the Market 
Values allocated to each use is equal to the Market Value of such Mortgaged Property) 
and that, in order to facilitate compliance with this covenant, the relevant Valuation 
Reports contain the requisite information to enable such allocations to be made; and 
(c) 
the allocation of particular uses to specific Sectors will follow the methodology adopted 
from time to time in the most recently published reports and accounts of Land Securities 
Group PLC or (if Land Securities Group PLC is no longer the parent company of the 
Security Group), of the Security Group for making such allocation or, at any time after 
notification as to the proportions of the Estate by Market Value attributable to each Sector 
in the first Investor Report, by reference to such other method as the Obligors determine, 
provided that it is to apply to the Estate as a whole and is a method which is generally 
acceptable to institutional property investors in the United Kingdom. 
Sector diversity – negative covenant: No Obligor will conduct any Dealing that would cause the 
percentage of the Total Collateral Value attributable to any one Sector to exceed (or further 
exceed) the percentage of Total Collateral Value set out for such Sector in the table below (the 
“Sector Concentration Limit” for such Sector) (provided that the Obligors will not be in breach 
of this covenant if any Sector Concentration Limit is exceeded or further exceeded other than as 
a result of any Dealing by the Obligors): 
SECTOR 
MAXIMUM 
PERCENTAGE 
OF 
TOTAL COLLATERAL VALUE 
Office Sector 
85%
Shopping Centres and Shops Sector 
100%
Retail Warehouses Sector 
55%
Industrial Sector 
20%
Residential Sector 
20%
Leisure and Hotels Sector 
25%
Other Sector 
15%

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Geographic diversity – negative covenant: No Obligor will conduct any Dealing that would cause 
the percentage of the Total Collateral Value attributable to any Region to exceed (or further 
exceed) the percentage of Total Collateral Value set out for such Region in the table below (the 
“Geographic Concentration Limit” for such Region) (provided that the Obligors will not be in 
breach of this covenant if any Geographic Concentration Limit is exceeded or further exceeded 
for reasons other than as a result of any Dealing by the Obligors): 
REGION 
MAXIMUM PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL 
COLLATERAL VALUE
London 
100%
Rest of South East and Eastern 
70%
Midlands 
40%
Wales and South West 
40%
North 
40%
Scotland and Northern Ireland 
40%
Non-UK 
5%
 
Tenant concentration limit: No Obligor is permitted, at any time, to conduct any Dealing that would 
result in the aggregate Passing Rent at the date of the proposed Dealing in respect of any Single 
Tenant (other than Government Tenants and tenants who have, or whose obligations under the 
relevant Leasing Agreement are guaranteed by an entity which has, an actual or shadow/private 
corporate rating of AA or higher from S&P or Fitch or Aa2 or higher from Moody’s, whichever are 
Rating Agencies at the relevant time, or, in each case, the short-term equivalent of such rating if 
the basis of such ratings changes in the future) to exceed (or further exceed) 15% of the aggregate 
Passing Rent in respect of the entire Estate (assuming for this purpose completion of the Dealing) 
at that date (the “Tenant Concentration Limit”) and for this purpose “Single Tenant” means any 
one tenant or any group of tenants who are affiliates of each other. Two persons will be affiliates 
of each other for the purposes of the Tenant Concentration Limit if (a) one such person is a direct 
or indirect subsidiary or subsidiary undertaking of the other person, or (b) one such person 
expressly and unconditionally guarantees the obligations of the other person under the relevant 
Leasing Agreement, or (c) both such persons are direct or indirect subsidiaries or subsidiary 
undertakings of a third person or (d) the obligations of both such persons under the relevant 
Leasing Agreements are expressly and unconditionally guaranteed by the same third person. 
Dealings permitted while Concentration Limit exceeded: Subject to the foregoing restrictions, if 
and for so long as one or more of the Concentration Limits is exceeded, the Obligors will only be 
permitted to conduct the following Dealings: 
(a) 
any Dealing which (A) causes one or more of such Concentration Limits to be exceeded 
no longer and/or (B) reduces (or does not further increase) the extent by which one or 
more of such Concentration Limits are exceeded; and/or 
(b) 
any Disposal in respect of which the Net Sales Proceeds exceed the Allocated Debt 
Amount for the relevant Mortgaged Property, provided that such Net Sales Proceeds are 
applied in Prepayment of Secured Financial Indebtedness in accordance with the 
Common Terms Agreement within six months of such Disposal; and/or 
(c) 
any Dealing (not being an Acquisition or Disposal) which the Principal Obligor’s directors 
in good faith believe will increase the Market Value of the Mortgaged Property in question,

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
provided that this paragraph (c) will not apply to the granting of Leasing Agreements, and 
that would increase the extent to which the Tenant Concentration Limit is being exceeded; 
and/or 
(d) 
any Disposals or Acquisitions of properties having a Market Value in each case of no 
more than £5,000,000 (subject to RPI Indexation) and in aggregate of no more than 
£50,000,000 (subject to RPI Indexation), 
provided that, for the purposes of paragraph (a) above, “Dealing” includes all Dealings which are 
completed within the same 15-day period. 
Property management: The Obligors shall ensure that, at all times, they act in accordance with 
the standard that a prudent landlord would apply having regard to the type and location of each 
Obligor Property in question or the Obligor Properties as a whole and in accordance with the 
principles of good estate management. 
Leasing: Subject to any lawful obligation to enter into a Leasing Agreement pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 (as amended), every Leasing Agreement to 
be entered into on or after the Exchange Date will, save in relation to Minor Occupational 
Agreements and save as referred to below, be required to comply with the following letting criteria 
(the “Letting Criteria”): 
(a) 
rent reviews: rent reviews or other rent recalculation provisions in Leasing Agreements 
shall be appropriate having regard to the range of provisions used in market practice 
prevailing at the time of negotiation of such Leasing Agreement having regard to the size 
and nature of the letting in question; 
(b) 
repair obligations: full internal and external repairing obligations (to the extent of the 
demised premises) shall be imposed on the lessee, except to the extent that the lessor is 
responsible for repair and the cost to the lessor of so doing is recoverable from the lessee 
pursuant to arrangements referred to in paragraph (c) below (whether such cost is 
recovered as a separate service charge or is included in the principal rent); 
(c) 
costs contribution: the lessee shall have an obligation to make an appropriate contribution 
to building and any estate service charge costs, except and to the extent that there is a 
full internal or full internal and external repairing obligation (depending on the extent of 
the demised premises) or where and to the extent that the principal rent includes payment 
for services provided by the lessor; 
(d) 
insurance contribution: the lessee (unless it is a lessee in respect of a Qualifying Self-
Insured Mortgaged Property) shall be required to bear an appropriate proportion of the 
cost of effecting building and loss of rent insurances (either as a separately reserved rent 
or on a basis whereby the cost of such insurances is included in the principal rent or 
service charge) on terms no less beneficial to the insured than the insurances described 
in “— Insurance”, page 142, below or to have the liability to insure itself on such terms;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
(e) 
assignment: assignment of the whole of the demised premises shall only be permitted 
with the lessor’s consent, and it may be stipulated that such consent is not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; 
(f) 
assignment of part of premises: no assignment of part of the demised premises shall be 
permitted; 
(g) 
lessee alterations: appropriate controls shall be imposed by the lessor in relation to lessee 
alterations to the demised premises; and 
(h) 
arm’s length leases: all Leasing Agreements shall be on an arm’s length basis. 
If the directors of the Principal Obligor determine that such would be in accordance with the 
property management covenant described above, the Security Group may in relation to any 
Leasing Agreement depart from the Letting Criteria. 
Development: Any Development, and any demolition of an existing building on any Obligor 
Property, will be required to be carried out in compliance with the following criteria: 
(a) 
appropriate construction-related liability and material damage Insurance Policies will be 
maintained, applying the standard of a prudent developer in respect of the amount, type, 
duration of cover, retained risk and levels of deductibles in respect of such policies 
provided that such insurance is generally available in the global insurance market and 
that it is market practice among broadly based property investment and development 
businesses whose assets are primarily located in the United Kingdom to maintain such 
insurance on the terms then available in the global insurance market; 
(b) 
where appropriate, having regard to the nature of the Obligor Property and the 
Development and applying the standard of a prudent developer, appropriate levels of 
environmental due diligence will be carried out and findings therefrom will be taken into 
account in carrying out the relevant Development; and 
(c) 
reasonable endeavours will be used to procure that the Development is designed and 
built in a good and workmanlike manner free from deleterious materials (judged by the 
construction industry standards at the time that materials are specified). 
In addition, a building contract in respect of a Development Project will not be entered into by any 
Obligor at any time unless the Development Test, described immediately below, is satisfied at that 
time. 
The Development Test will be satisfied at any time if: 
(a) 
120% of the Aggregate Projected Development Cost is less than or equal to the sum of 
(A) the amount of all committed facilities at such time having a Debt Rank of Subordinated 
Debt or Unsecured Debt granted to the Obligors in respect of Development Projects 
(excluding amounts then outstanding thereunder) and (B) the maximum amount of 
Permitted Drawings having the Debt Rank of Priority 1 Debt or Priority 2 Debt that the 
Obligors could incur at that time, based on the calculation of LTV or Additional LTV, as

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
the case may be, as of the latest Calculation Date, as updated to (i) reflect subsequent 
changes in Security Group Net Debt Outstanding and (ii) include in Total Collateral Value 
an amount equal to the sum of (1) the aggregate of all costs of development incurred by 
the Obligors in respect of Development Projects relating to Mortgaged Properties since 
the date of the most recent Valuation Report for such Development Projects and (2) (for 
this purpose only) the Aggregate Projected Development Cost insofar as it relates to 
Mortgaged Properties; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all committed facilities at such time granted to the Obligors to the extent 
available for Development Projects (excluding amounts then outstanding thereunder) is 
equal to or greater than 100% of the actual amount (excluding provisions for 
contingencies) that the Obligors project to pay in the carrying out of Development Projects 
over the next 12 months. 
Developments in Partnerships and Non-UK Obligors: No Obligor that is incorporated outside 
England and Wales and Scotland, and no Obligor in partnership (other than a limited liability 
partnership established under the Limited Liability Partnership Act 2000) with any other person 
shall commence any Development relating to a Mortgaged Property unless: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee is provided to its satisfaction with “step-in” rights of the 
following nature: 
the Obligors shall use all reasonable endeavours promptly to procure, in favour of the 
Obligor Security Trustee or a person nominated by the Obligor Security Trustee, the grant 
of “step-in” or equivalent rights in respect of the contracts with contractors, professionals 
and any subcontractors with a material design responsibility in respect of the Project 
(save for professionals and subcontractors where the building contractor is the employer), 
in form and substance satisfactory to the Obligor Security Trustee (the “Step-In Rights”); 
or 
(b) 
there is opened in the name of the legal owners of the relevant Mortgaged Property, 
specifically for this purpose and no other, an account to which there is credited the full 
estimated cost to final practical completion of the Development in question (consistent 
with the costs included in the definition of Aggregate Projected Development Costs), as 
certified by the appointed quantity surveyor (who, in so certifying, acknowledges a duty 
of care to the Obligor Security Trustee); or 
(c) 
the Obligor Security Trustee is furnished with a legal opinion satisfactory to it (including 
as to reservations and qualifications) that the Obligor Security that has been granted to it 
by the relevant Obligor (or partnership of Obligors) is effective to ensure that all contracts 
related to the Development are capable of being enforced in all material respects by the 
Obligor Security Trustee in any relevant insolvency proceedings in respect of that Obligor 
(or partnership). 
If an account is opened in accordance with paragraph (b) above, no amount credited thereto will 
be withdrawn otherwise than for the purpose of funding costs in respect of the Development, and 
the Obligor Security Trustee’s consent will be required for all withdrawals. Consent will be given

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
if the Principal Obligor provides to the Obligor Security Trustee a certificate of two Authorised 
Signatories stating: 
(i) 
that no Obligor Event of Default is continuing unwaived; and 
(ii) 
the sum to be withdrawn is due and payable to a contractor or professional in 
relation to the Development or is in excess of the amount required to reach final 
practical completion or final practical completion of the Development has 
occurred. 
Disposals – negative covenant: The Obligors will not, at any time, complete any Disposal (and 
“Disposal” shall, for the purposes of this covenant alone, include the release of a Mortgaged 
Property from the Estate) if such Disposal would cause the aggregate Disposal Threshold Values 
of all Mortgaged Properties disposed of on or following the Exchange Date to exceed the 
Disposals Threshold, save that the following Disposals shall be disregarded for this purpose: 
(a) 
all Disposals completed before the most recent Ratings Affirmation; 
(b) 
all Intra-Security Group Disposals; 
(c) 
Disposals in respect of which the lower of the Net Sales Proceeds and the Allocated Debt 
Amount have been applied to the Actual Prepayment or Buyback of Non-Contingent 
Loans; and 
(d) 
any Disposal which is approved as a Rating Affirmed Matter, 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if the Obligors are not in breach of this covenant when 
the T1 Covenant Regime applies, and if at any time the Disposals Threshold changes as a result 
of the T1 Covenant Regime ceasing to apply, such change in the Disposals Threshold will not, in 
and of itself (that is to say, without any further Disposals by the Obligors), result in a breach of 
this covenant. 
Valuation Reports: The Obligors will be required to: 
(a) 
obtain a Valuation Report on the Estate at the end of each Financial Half-Year and deliver 
the same to the Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies on each Reporting 
Date; and 
(b) 
at the same time provide to the Representatives of the ACF Providers (where required by 
them pursuant to their ACF Agreement) a summary of such Valuation Report on the 
Estate in which aggregate valuations for Regions and Sectors are shown. 
Insurance: The Obligors will be required to: 
(a) 
maintain valid insurance: maintain or procure that there is maintained valid insurance 
cover for each Obligor Property (except a Qualifying Self-Insured Property) against:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(i) 
risk of material damage, for a sum equal to its full reinstatement value (taking into 
account any deductible or excess that may be reasonable in the circumstances) 
and loss of rent for a period not less than the greater of (1) two years and (2) such 
period as may be required pursuant to the relevant leasing agreements in respect 
of such Obligor Property, resulting (in each case) from subsidence, terrorism and 
other risks usually covered by a reasonably prudent owner of a portfolio of 
properties of a similar nature, provided always that in relation to any leasing 
agreement where the initial term of the leasing agreement does not exceed two 
years such loss of rent insurance shall be for a period not less than the unexpired 
term of the leasing agreement in question (the policy under which such cover is 
obtained being a “Material Damage Policy”); and 
(ii) 
third party liabilities and such other property-related risks as in the reasonable 
opinion of the Obligors ought to be covered, judged by the standard of a 
reasonably prudent owner and operator of businesses similar to the businesses 
of the Obligors (the policy under which such cover is obtained being an “Other 
Risks Policy”), 
(provided that such insurance is generally available in the global insurance market and that it is 
market practice among broadly based property investment and development businesses whose 
assets are primarily located in the United Kingdom to maintain such insurances on the terms then 
available in the global insurance market) and, if as of any Scheduled Calculation Date the Total 
Collateral Value is less than £2,000,000,000 and the above-mentioned insurances are 
underwritten by insurers whose weighted average credit rating (as determined by the Principal 
Obligor, and based on amounts of premia payable by the Obligors) is less than BBB by (using 
S&P and Fitch ratings, in each case, if it is a Rating Agency at the relevant time) and Baa2 (using 
Moody’s ratings, if it is a Rating Agency at the relevant time) (in this section, an “insurance rating 
breach”), the Obligors shall ensure (so far as such insurance is commercially available on 
reasonable commercial terms from insurers whose weighted average credit rating is sufficient to 
rectify the insurance ratings breach) that such insurance rating breach is rectified not later than 
the Remedy Date (as defined below); 
(b) 
note interests of Obligor Security Trustee on policies: use their reasonable endeavours to 
procure, in respect of each such insurance policy, that the interests of the Obligor Security 
Trustee are endorsed or otherwise noted thereon (for example, by reference to “chargee” 
or other such general interests clause); 
(c) 
application of material damage insurance proceeds: if an Obligor makes a claim under 
any Material Damage Policy in respect of a Mortgaged Property, upon receipt of the 
proceeds from such insurance policy: 
(i) 
subject to any obligations under the relevant Obligor’s leasehold interest in the 
Mortgaged Property, any Leasing Agreement or any other obligation imposed by 
law (if any), if the amount of the proceeds exceeds £5,000,000 (subject to RPI 
Indexation) deposit that portion of such proceeds relating to reinstatement value 
into the Disposal Proceeds Account (see “– Disposal Proceeds Account”, page 
120, below); and

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
(ii) 
it will deposit that portion of such proceeds relating to loss of rent (whatever the 
amount) into the Income Replacement Account; 
(d) 
application of other insurance proceeds: apply proceeds received by them pursuant to a 
claim on an Other Risks Policy (net of any Tax due on or in respect of the receipt of such 
proceeds) in or towards the relevant insured liability. 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) above, the “Remedy Date” means the next renewal date for 
that insurance policy in respect of the Obligor Properties or any of them which is issued by a 
Relevant Insurer (as defined below) that last falls due for renewal (as between all such policies 
issued by Relevant Insurers) by reference to the relevant Scheduled Calculation Date referred to 
in paragraph (a) above. For the purposes of the above, “Relevant Insurer” means an insurer that 
has a rating which is lower than the weighted average credit rating which is referred to in 
paragraph (a) above at the date of the insurance rating breach. 
Involuntary loss of property: The Obligors will notify the Obligor Security Trustee immediately if 
the whole or any material part of any Mortgaged Property having a Market Value of greater than 
£1,000,000 (subject to RPI Indexation) is seized, expropriated or compulsorily acquired or 
purchased, or the applicable local authority makes an order for the compulsory purchase of the 
same. 
Covenants affecting Obligor Properties: The Obligors will use all reasonable endeavours to 
comply with and perform all restrictive and other covenants, undertakings, stipulations and 
obligations now or at any time affecting any Obligor Properties insofar as the same are subsisting 
and are capable of being enforced and to the extent that any non-compliance or non-performance 
would have a Material Adverse Effect. 
Environmental laws: The Obligors are required to: 
(a) 
comply with all laws: comply with all Environmental Laws in all respects to the extent that 
non compliance or failure to do so would reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect; and 
(b) 
notify Obligor Security Trustee of adverse actions: as soon as reasonably practicable, 
upon becoming aware of the same, notify the Issuer and the Obligor Security Trustee 
(with a copy to the Rating Agencies) of: 
(i) 
any Environmental Action which, if it was determined against any Obligor, would 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 
(ii) 
any circumstance that: (1) will prevent compliance by any Obligor with 
Environmental Law in the future if any non-compliance would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (2) will give rise to any actual 
liability by any Obligor under current Environmental Law if that liability would 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Covenants regarding the provision of financial information 
Investor Reports: On each Reporting Date, the Obligors will be required to deliver to the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Note Trustee, the Rating Agencies, the Irish Paying Agent, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Representatives of the ACF Providers, the Swap Counterparties and, upon 
written request (via the Paying Agents), any Noteholder, an Investor Report comprising the 
following information in respect of the Security Group: 
(a) 
a confirmation that both the most recently prepared annual audited and semi-annual 
unaudited consolidated (or, as the case may be, pro forma consolidated) financial 
statements of the Security Group delivered in accordance with the provisions described 
in “— Annual audited financials”, page 146, or “— Semi-annual unaudited financials”, 
page 146, below were prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Common 
Terms Agreement (it being recognised that the Security Group will not prepare any 
consolidated financial statements in respect of any period ending before 31 March 2005); 
(b) 
copies of each Calculation Certificate prepared by the Obligors since the previous 
Reporting Date (or, in the case of the first Reporting Date, since the Exchange Date) 
provided that each such Calculation Certificate (other than the Calculation Certificate 
delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies) shall have the 
paragraphs setting out Projected ICR and Additional Projected ICR deleted therefrom but 
will instead specify those Tier Thresholds which have been breached and those which 
have not been breached by such Projected ICR and such Additional Projected ICR, as 
the case may be; 
(c) 
whether the Security Group is subject to the T1 Covenant Regime, the T2 Covenant 
Regime, the Initial T3 Covenant Regime or the Final T3 Covenant Regime as at that 
Reporting Date; 
(d) 
the amounts available for drawing and the amounts already drawn by FinCo from the 
Liquidity Ledger and/or under any Liquidity Facility Agreement (if applicable) as at that 
Reporting Date; 
(e) 
the aggregate Market Value of all Mortgaged Properties and FCAs introduced into or 
removed from the Estate since the date of the immediately preceding Reporting Date (or, 
in the case of the first Reporting Date, since the Exchange Date) and the effect of such 
Dealings on the Concentration Limits; 
(f) 
whether or not any Obligor Event of Default, P1 Trigger Event or P2 Trigger Event (which 
has not been previously notified to the Obligor Security Trustee) has occurred and is 
continuing unwaived as at that Reporting Date, and, if so, a description thereof and the 
action taken or proposed to be taken to remedy it; 
(g) 
as at that Reporting Date, the proportion of the Total Collateral Value that is attributable 
to each Sector and located in each Region and the extent to which the aggregate Disposal 
Threshold Values have reached or are approaching the Disposals Threshold; and

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
(h) 
the extent to which ownership (in whole or in part) of any Obligor has been transferred 
from within the Security Group to any person outside the Security Group since the date 
of the immediately preceding Investor Report, 
except to the extent that disclosure of such information would at that time breach any law, 
regulation, stock exchange requirement or rules of any applicable regulatory body to which any 
member of the Security Group or its parent is subject (as certified by two Authorised Signatories 
to the Obligor Security Trustee). 
Annual audited financials: As soon as the same become available, but in any event within 180 
days after the end of each of its Financial Years (subject to, for so long as Land Securities Group 
PLC or any other company the shares of which are listed on a stock exchange is the parent of 
any member of the Security Group, any extension of time granted to Land Securities Group PLC 
or such other entity by the Financial Conduct Authority, or such stock exchange, for the 
announcement of the preliminary results of Land Securities Group PLC or such other entity, 
provided that such extension is certified to the Obligor Security Trustee by two Authorised 
Signatories), the Obligors will be required to provide to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note 
Trustee, the Rating Agencies, the Irish Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Representatives of the ACF Providers, the Swap Counterparties and, upon written request (via 
the Paying Agents), any Noteholder the annual audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Security Group; provided that if the Security Group is at any time no longer a group in respect of 
which a statutory consolidation is required to be prepared, the Obligors shall instead be required 
to provide, as mentioned above, pro forma audited, consolidated financial statements for the 
Security Group for each relevant Financial Year and related auditors’ report. 
Semi-annual unaudited financials: As soon as the same become available, but in any event within 
90 days after the end of the first Financial Half-Year in each Financial Year, the Obligors will be 
required to provide the unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the Security 
Group for such Financial Half-Year to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note Trustee, the Rating 
Agencies, the Irish Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Representatives of the ACF 
Providers, the Swap Counterparties and, upon written request (via the Paying Agents), any 
Noteholder; provided that, if the Security Group is or was not at any time a group in respect of 
which a statutory consolidation is required to be prepared, the Obligors shall instead be required 
to provide, as mentioned above, pro forma unaudited consolidated financial statements for the 
Security Group for each relevant first Financial Half-Year. 
Basis of preparation: The annual and semi-annual financial statements referred to above shall be 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United Kingdom from 
time to time. If such generally accepted accounting principles change, the Obligors will, together 
with the next required annual audited financial statements or, as the case may be, next semi-
annual unaudited financial statements referred to above, deliver a statement as to the effects of 
the change (if not already taken into account in prior year adjustments) and a reconciliation as 
between the financial statements (excluding the notes to such financial statements) so delivered 
and those that would have been delivered had there been no change. 
Compliance Certificates: Additionally, the information delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee, 
Note Trustee and the Rating Agencies in respect of each Financial Year and Financial Half-Year 
will include a compliance certificate signed by two directors of the Principal Obligor confirming:

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
(a) 
the amount of Security Group Net Debt Outstanding as at the end of the relevant Financial 
Year or, as the case may be, the relevant Financial Half-Year; and 
(b) 
as at the date thereof, whether or not any Obligor Event of Default, Potential Obligor 
Event of Default (which, in either case, has not been previously notified to the Obligor 
Security Trustee), P1 Trigger Event or P2 Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived and, if so, a description thereof and the action taken or proposed to be taken 
to remedy it, 
except to the extent that disclosure of such information would at that time breach any law, 
regulation, stock exchange requirement or rules of any applicable regulatory body to which any 
member of the Security Group or its parent is subject (as certified to the Obligor Security Trustee 
by two Authorised Signatories). 
Additional positive covenants of the Obligors 
Under the terms of the Common Terms Agreement, each Obligor covenants that (among other 
things) it shall: 
(a) 
maintain licences: comply with the terms of, renew as soon as reasonably practicable 
from time to time and do all that is reasonably necessary (taking into account the benefit 
and expense) to maintain in full force and effect in all material respects authorisations, 
approvals, licences, consents and exemptions required under or by any applicable law or 
regulation to own its property and assets where the failure to do so would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(b) 
notify of defaults: promptly upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any Obligor Event 
of Default, Potential Obligor Event of Default, P1 Trigger Event or P2 Trigger Event, inform 
the Note Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(c) 
arm’s length contracts: without prejudice to the ability of the Obligors to depart from the 
Letting Criteria as described in “— Leasing”, page 139, above, use all reasonable 
endeavours to ensure that any contracts to be entered into by any Obligor after the 
Exchange Date are made on arm’s length terms and do not contain any restriction on 
charging or assigning its right, title, interest and benefit to those contracts to the Obligor 
Security Trustee provided that the Obligors shall not be in breach of this paragraph (c) if 
the aggregate of all amounts payable to or by the Obligors under all non-arm’s length 
contracts and contracts containing any of the charging or assignment restrictions referred 
to above does not exceed (i) £500,000 per annum (subject to RPI Indexation) in respect 
of contracts entered into with Non-Restricted Group Entities and/or (ii) £1,000,000 per 
annum (subject to RPI Indexation) in respect of contracts entered into with persons who 
are not Non-Restricted Group Entities; 
(d) 
notify Obligor Security Trustee of litigation: advise the Obligor Security Trustee, as soon 
as practicable after becoming aware of the same, of the details of (i) any litigation, 
arbitration, administrative proceeding or governmental or regulatory investigation, 
proceeding or dispute pending or threatened in writing against any Obligor and (ii) any 
circumstances which to the actual knowledge and belief of the Obligors are likely to give

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
rise to any such litigation, arbitration, administrative proceeding or governmental or 
regulatory investigation, proceeding or dispute which, in each case, would, if so adversely 
determined, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(e) 
maintain pari passu ranking: ensure that at all times the claims of the Obligor Secured 
Creditors against any Obligor under any of the Obligor Transaction Documents rank at 
least pari passu with the claims of all of its unsecured creditors, save for those claims 
which are preferred solely by the operation of any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation 
law or other similar law of general application; 
(f) 
notify the Valuers: (save as disclosed in relevant Certificates of Title) disclose to the 
Valuers any material exceptions, reservations, easements, servitudes, burdens, rights 
(including anything that would reasonably be expected to amount to an absence or 
deficiency of rights), privileges, covenants, restrictions or encumbrances (including any 
arising under statute or any statutory power) or any breaches of town and country 
planning legislation (and any orders, regulations, consents or permissions made or 
granted under any of the same) or resolutions or proposals for the compulsory acquisition 
of any of the Mortgaged Properties or any means of access to or egress therefrom of 
which it is aware, which would (in any such case) reasonably be expected to have a 
material adverse effect on the Market Value of the Mortgaged Property to which they 
relate; 
(g) 
compliance with laws: ensure that it complies in all respects with all laws to which it may 
be subject, if failure to comply would materially impair its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Obligor Transaction Documents; and 
(h) 
Stakeholder accession: ensure that any Stakeholder who is not a party to the Security 
Trust and Intercreditor Deed as from its execution accedes to it in its capacity as 
Stakeholder in accordance with the terms thereof within 90 days after becoming a 
Stakeholder. 
Additional negative covenants of the Obligors 
Covenants applicable to all Obligors: Under the terms of the Common Terms Agreement, each of 
the Obligors covenants that it shall not, at any time: 
(a) 
create Encumbrances: save for Permitted Encumbrances, create (or agree to create) or 
suffer or permit to subsist any Encumbrance over all or any of its present or future 
revenues or assets or undertaking (including uncalled share capital); 
(b) 
carry on extraneous business: carry on any business other than Permitted Business; 
(c) 
have employees: have any employees or become a director of any company other than 
another Obligor; 
(d) 
Common Control: permit any Obligor to cease to be under Common Control except in 
accordance with the provisions described in “— Released Obligors”, page 87, above (the 
“Common Control Covenant”);

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
(e) 
Restricted Payments with Sales Proceeds: unless permitted as a Rating Affirmed Matter, 
make any Restricted Payment with any part of the Sales Proceeds relating to any 
Disposal or Deemed Disposal unless, immediately following (or in relation to) such 
Disposal or Deemed Disposal, the Additional Tier Tests required to be carried out in 
relation to that Disposal or Deemed Disposal demonstrate that there would be no breach 
of the P1 Headroom Test, the P2 Headroom Test or the Financial Covenant if either (i) 
the Disposal or Deemed Disposal were to proceed and the intended Restricted Payment 
were made and funded from such Sales Proceeds to the intended extent or (ii) in addition 
to the making of the Restricted Payment, Loans were to be Prepaid to a certain extent, in 
which case the Obligors will be required immediately before making the Restricted 
Payment to Prepay such Loans to such extent; or 
(f) 
Other Restricted Payments: unless permitted by the RPC Exceptions, make any 
Restricted Payment unless, during the period commencing on the most recent 
Amortisation Determination Date and ending on the date of a proposed Restricted 
Payment, the Obligors have Prepaid an amount equal to, in the aggregate, the Minimum 
Amortisation Amount (if any) in respect of Non-Contingent Loans in accordance with the 
Mandatory Prepayment Provisions (other than the DPA Prepayment Provision). 
Unsecured Debt: Neither FinCo nor any Financial SPV Obligor shall incur any Unsecured Debt 
at any time. 
Purchases of Notes: No Obligor (except an Obligor which is resident in the United Kingdom for 
tax purposes and which meets certain other criteria set out in the Common Terms Agreement) 
shall purchase Notes at any time. 
Covenants relating to the ownership of SubCo and the Nominees 
Each Obligor will ensure that SubCo is at all times directly wholly owned by LPML and that each 
Nominee is at all times directly wholly owned by SubCo. 
T2 Covenants 
The T2 Covenants are set out below. 
Refinancing of Revolving R1/R2 Loans 
FinCo is prohibited from reborrowing Revolving R1/R2 Loans to refinance maturing Revolving 
R1/R2 Loans, except to the extent permitted as mentioned in “— Reborrowing restrictions and 
requirements applicable to Revolving R1/R2 Loans”, page 126 above. 
Liquidity Facilities 
FinCo will be required to enter into Liquidity Facilities or otherwise comply with the requirements 
described in “— Liquidity Facility Agreements”, page 25, above.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
Disposals Threshold 
The Obligors will continue to comply with their obligations set out in “— Disposals – negative 
covenant”, page 142, above, but on the basis that the Disposals Threshold shall be reduced to 
20% of the Market Value of the Estate (for these purposes, as such phrase is defined in the 
definition of Disposals Threshold – see “Glossary of Defined Terms” beginning on page 308, 
below). 
Initial T3 Covenants 
The Initial T3 Covenants are set out below. 
Insurance Proceeds 
The Obligors will be required, pursuant to the Tax Deed of Covenant, to deposit certain amounts 
into the Specific Tax Reserve Account in respect of the receipt of certain insurance proceeds. 
Disposals and Deemed Disposals 
The Obligors will be required to comply with their obligations described in “— Disposal and 
Insurance Proceeds”, page 155, below, that arise when the Initial T3 Covenant Regime applies. 
Acquisitions 
The Obligors shall ensure that if any sums are withdrawn from the Disposal Proceeds Account 
while the Initial T3 Covenant Regime applies to finance an acquisition of one or more persons or 
properties, each such person shall be an Eligible Obligor and shall, within five Business Days of 
such acquisition, become an Additional Obligor in accordance with “— Additional Obligors”, page 
85, above, and any property so acquired (whether directly or through the acquisition of one or 
more companies) shall be an Eligible Property and shall, within five Business Days of such 
acquisition, become an Additional Mortgaged Property in accordance with “— Additional 
Mortgaged Properties”, page 90, above. 
Hedging Covenant 
The Obligors will be required to increase the percentage of the Adjusted Principal Amount of Non-
Contingent Loans that is hedged against interest rate fluctuations, as described in “— Swap 
Agreements and Hedging Covenant”, page 113 above. 
Lease Surrenders 
No Obligor will be permitted, at any time, to accept any Surrender which (together with other 
Surrenders accepted since a T3 Covenant Regime most recently began to apply) would result in 
the Surrender Threshold being exceeded without depositing the Surrender Amount into the 
Income Replacement Account forthwith upon such Surrender, unless: 
(a) 
such Surrender was accepted because the Occupier has fallen or is, in the reasonable 
opinion of the relevant Obligor, likely to fall into material default of its obligations under

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
the relevant Leasing Agreement and the relevant demised premises are to be made 
available for re-letting; 
(b) 
such Surrender was accepted to allow a Development or demolition of an existing building 
on a Mortgaged Property to proceed; or 
(c) 
the Obligor has before or at the same time as such Surrender contracted with a new 
Occupier for a Leasing Agreement which complies with the Letting Criteria and on terms 
which will reduce the LTV and/or increase the Projected ICR as of the next Scheduled 
Calculation Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Obligor shall promptly deposit into the Income Replacement 
Account all amounts that it receives from any of its tenants in respect of any Surrender. 
Property Manager Appointment 
If the Projected ICR, Additional Projected ICR or (if a Historical ICR Event is continuing) Historical 
ICR or Pro Forma Historical ICR is less than 1.25:1 as of any relevant Calculation Date, the 
Obligors will be required (at their own expense) promptly to appoint a Property Manager (who will 
have the same duty of care as an administrative receiver and will be required to consider, but not 
obliged to follow, the views of the directors of the Obligors) from the Approved Property Manager 
List to: 
(a) 
review the Mortgaged Properties; and 
(b) 
prepare and deliver to the Obligor Security Trustee and the directors of the Principal 
Obligor, within 60 days of its appointment, a report which recommends such steps as will, 
in the opinion of the Property Manager, improve the long-term rental levels and the 
investment value of the Mortgaged Properties including (but not limited to) a proposed 
letting, disposal and acquisition strategy in respect of the Mortgaged Properties and the 
Obligors, 
provided that the Obligors shall be permitted to terminate the appointment of the Property 
Manager upon (or following) the first Calculation Date as of which (i) both the Projected ICR and 
Historical ICR, or (ii) both the Additional Projected ICR and Pro Forma Historical ICR, is at least 
1.25:1. 
The Obligors and the directors of the Obligors shall not be required to take into account or follow 
the recommendations of the Property Manager. 
For the avoidance of doubt, references in this Base Prospectus to the Property Manager’s rights 
and activities shall only be relevant for so long as it remains appointed as such. 
Compliance Certificate 
Without prejudice to any other obligation of the Obligors, the Obligors will be required, within two 
months of each Scheduled Calculation Date (other than a Scheduled Calculation Date falling on

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
the last day of a Financial Half-Year), to deliver to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note Trustee 
and the Rating Agencies a certificate, signed by two directors of the Principal Obligor, which: 
(a) 
specifies whether the Security Group is subject to the Initial T3 Covenant Regime or the 
Final T3 Covenant Regime; and 
(b) 
specifies whether, as of the date thereof, any Obligor Event of Default, Potential Obligor 
Event of Default, P1 Trigger Event or P2 Trigger Event has occurred and is continuing 
unwaived and, if so, provides a description thereof and the action taken or proposed to 
be taken to remedy it, 
except to the extent that disclosure of such information would at that time breach any law, 
regulation, stock exchange requirement or rules of any applicable regulatory body to which any 
member of the Security Group or its parent is subject (as certified to the Obligor Security Trustee 
by two Authorised Signatories). 
Final T3 Covenants 
The Final T3 Covenants are set out below. 
Disposals and Deemed Disposals 
The Obligors will be required to comply with their obligations set out in “— Disposal and Insurance 
Proceeds”, page 155, below that arise when the Final T3 Covenant Regime applies. 
Restricted Payments 
No Obligor will be permitted, at any time, to make any Restricted Payment other than: 
(a) 
a Restricted Payment made pursuant to paragraph (a) or paragraph (e) of the Security 
Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments; or 
(b) 
a payment made solely from the net proceeds of issue of equity and/or the incurrence of 
Subordinated Debt and/or Unsecured Debt, 
and, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Obligors will be prohibited from making any Restricted 
Payment if there is a continuing breach of the Financial Covenant. 
Lease Surrenders 
Notwithstanding the Initial T3 Covenant regarding Surrenders, no Obligor shall, at any time, 
accept any Surrender without crediting the Surrender Amount into the Income Replacement 
Account forthwith upon such Surrender, unless such Surrender was taken: 
(a) 
because the Occupier had fallen or was, in the reasonable opinion of the relevant Obligor, 
likely to fall into material default and the relevant demised premises are to be made 
available for re-letting; or

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
(b) 
the Obligor has before or at the same time as the relevant Surrender contracted with a 
new Occupier for a Leasing Agreement which complies with the Letting Criteria and on 
terms which will reduce the LTV and/or increase the Projected ICR as of the next 
Scheduled Calculation Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Obligor shall promptly deposit into the Income Replacement 
Account all amounts that it receives from any of its tenants in respect of any Surrender. 
Prohibition of certain actions while in breach of Financial Covenant 
If a breach of the Financial Covenant is continuing, no Obligor shall: 
(a) 
make any corporate acquisitions or investments in partnerships or joint ventures not 
recommended by the Property Manager; 
(b) 
make any Restricted Payments; or 
(c) 
effect any Acquisitions or Disposals not recommended by the Property Manager. 
Property Manager’s recommendations to be followed 
The Obligors will be required to follow all of the Property Manager’s recommendations in all 
material respects (as amended, supplemented or withdrawn by the Property Manager from time 
to time). 
Development 
The Obligors shall not, for so long as the Final T3 Covenant Regime applies, enter into building 
contracts in respect of Development Projects the Aggregate Projected Development Costs of 
which exceed £50,000,000 (subject to Indexation). 
Special Provisions Concerning Obligor Accounts 
The Obligors opened certain of the following accounts on or before the Exchange Date: 
(a) 
the Collection Account and the Operating Accounts; 
(b) 
the Debt Collateralisation Account; 
(c) 
the Disposal Proceeds Account; 
(d) 
the Income Replacement Account; 
(e) 
the Liquidity Facility Reserve Account; 
(f) 
the General Tax Reserve Account; 
(g) 
the Specific Tax Reserve Account;

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
(h) 
the Swap Collateral Accounts; 
(i) 
the Swap Excluded Amounts Account; and 
(j) 
the Development Accounts. 
Collection Account and the Operating Accounts 
Each Obligor will, unless explicitly required or permitted to do otherwise by the Obligor 
Transaction Documents, deposit all monies received by it into the Collection Account. Unless an 
Enforcement Period is continuing or a Loan Acceleration Notice has been served, the Cash 
Manager shall be entitled to withdraw funds from the Collection Account, and funds (if any) from 
the Operating Accounts, provided in either case that the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments is observed if there is a Shortfall on the relevant day. 
Debt Collateralisation Account 
The Debt Collateralisation Account may be credited (i) voluntarily by the Obligors at any time or 
(ii) in discharge of their obligation to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans (see “— Prepayment of Non-
Contingent Loans”, page 115 et seq., above). All amounts used to Collateralise Loans will be 
credited to the relevant DCA Ledgers for such Loans. 
The Obligor Security Trustee’s consent will be required for any withdrawal (which, in the case of 
any Notes that are deposited in the Debt Collateralisation Account, includes the disposal of Notes) 
from the Debt Collateralisation Account (unless the withdrawal is in respect of credited interest 
earned on amounts standing to the credit of such account, which may be transferred to the 
Collection Account by standing instruction unless an Enforcement Period is continuing or a Loan 
Acceleration Notice has been served). The Obligor Security Trustee will undertake to consent to 
such withdrawal within two Business Days of its receipt of a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories stating that either: 
(a) 
such withdrawal is required to Actually Prepay or Buyback one or more ICL Loans which 
are Non Contingent Loans or to Actually Prepay one or more ACF Loans which are Non 
Contingent Loans, in either case in accordance with the provisions described in “— 
Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 115, above and which, in the case of any 
Notes that are deposited into the Debt Collateralisation Account, shall include the transfer 
of those Notes to FinCo and the surrender and cancellation of those Notes by FinCo in 
accordance with the provisions described in “— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, 
page 115, above; or 
(b) 
all of the following conditions are satisfied: 
(i) 
either (A) a Tier Determination Date has not yet occurred or (B) the T1 Covenant 
Regime or the T2 Covenant Regime applies as of each of the two most recent 
Tier Determination Dates (or, if there has only been one Tier Determination Date, 
as of that Tier Determination Date);

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(ii) 
no Enforcement Period is continuing and no Obligor Event of Default is continuing 
unwaived; 
(iii) 
no event is then continuing that would require the Obligors to make any 
Prepayment in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment Provisions; 
(iv) 
the withdrawal (which, in the case of any Notes that are deposited in the Debt 
Collateralisation Account, includes the disposal of Notes) would not cause an 
event that would (were such event to continue) require the Obligors to make any 
Prepayment in accordance with the Mandatory Prepayment Provisions (other 
than the Ratings Event Prepayment Provision); and 
(v) 
the withdrawal (which, in the case of any Notes that are deposited in the Debt 
Collateralisation Account, includes the disposal of Notes) would not cause a T3 
Covenant Regime to apply (were a Tier Test Calculation Date to occur 
immediately after the relevant withdrawal). 
The foregoing is without prejudice to the obligation of the Obligors to conduct the Additional Tier 
Tests from time to time (see “— The Additional Tier Tests and Headroom Tests”, page 127, 
above). 
In the case of paragraph (a) above, the withdrawals shall be applied to Actually Prepay or Buyback 
one or more Non-Contingent Loans in compliance with the Common Terms Agreement which, in 
the case of any Notes which are deposited into the Debt Collateralisation Account, shall include 
the transfer of those Notes to FinCo and the surrender and cancellation of those Notes by FinCo 
in accordance with the provisions described in “— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 
115, above. In the case of paragraph (b) above, the withdrawals (which shall include the proceeds 
resulting from the withdrawal of Notes deposited into the Debt Collateralisation Account which 
have been disposed) shall be credited to the Collection Account. 
Disposal Proceeds Account 
Voluntary Credits: The Obligors may voluntarily make credits to the Disposal Proceeds Account 
at any time. 
Disposal and Insurance Proceeds: The following amounts shall be paid into the Disposal 
Proceeds Account: 
(a) 
if any Covenant Regime applies: 
(i) 
save as provided below, all Sales Proceeds of any amount; and 
(ii) 
subject to any obligations under the relevant Obligor’s leasehold interest in the 
relevant Mortgaged Property, any relevant Leasing Agreement or any obligation 
imposed by law, all proceeds of a claim under a Material Damage Policy if the 
amount of the proceeds exceeds £5,000,000 (subject to Indexation) (other than 
for loss of rent of any amount, which shall be deposited into the Income 
Replacement Account), unless, in circumstances where the relevant Obligor is

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
itself a tenant of the relevant property, it is obliged as tenant to apply the proceeds 
in any other manner; and 
(b) 
save as provided below, if a T3 Covenant Regime applies at the time of any (A) Disposal 
for consideration other than wholly in cash, (B) a Deemed Disposal of a Mortgaged 
Property or (C) release of a Mortgaged Property from the Estate other than pursuant to a 
Disposal of such Mortgaged Property or of the Obligor which holds such Mortgaged 
Property for cash consideration to a person outside the Security Group pursuant to a 
transaction on arm’s length terms, the Obligors shall ensure that on the date thereof there 
is deposited into the Disposal Proceeds Account an amount equal to the lesser of: 
(i) 
the aggregate of the Market Values of the Mortgaged Properties the subject of 
the Disposal (or held by the Obligor which is the subject of such Disposal), 
Deemed Disposal or release, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Allocated Debt Amounts for each of such Mortgaged 
Properties, 
unless the relevant non-cash consideration comprises one or more Eligible Properties 
having an aggregate Market Value at least equal to such lesser amount (as reduced by 
any cash deposited into the Disposal Proceeds Account in connection with such Disposal) 
which are reasonably expected by the Principal Obligor to be introduced into the Estate 
within 10 Business Days of the Disposal in question. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if both of paragraphs (i) and (b) above purport to apply in respect 
of the same Disposal, only that paragraph which requires the deposit of a greater amount into the 
Disposal Proceeds Account shall apply in respect of that Disposal. 
With regard to withdrawals of funds standing to the credit of the Disposal Proceeds Account: 
(i) 
reinstatement costs: if, pursuant to a relevant Leasing Agreement, insurance 
policy, the relevant Obligor’s leasehold interest in the Mortgaged Property or any 
other obligation imposed by law, the recipient Obligor is obliged to repair or 
reinstate damaged property, sums credited to the Disposal Proceeds Account in 
respect of such damaged property may be withdrawn to repair or reinstate such 
property; 
(ii) 
lawful purposes: subject to paragraph (i) above and to paragraph (iii) below, if (a) 
the T1 Covenant Regime or T2 Covenant Regime applies and (b) either the Total 
Collateral Value when last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or the Additional Tier 
Tests (as the case may be) was greater than or equal to £2,000,000,000 or the 
LTV when last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or the Additional Tier Tests (as 
the case may be) was less than or equal to 45%, funds credited to the Disposal 
Proceeds Account in respect of a Disposal, Deemed Disposal or the proceeds of 
any Material Damage Policy may be withdrawn for any lawful purpose of FinCo; 
(iii) 
tax reserves: if an Obligor is required by the Tax Deed of Covenant to deposit into 
a Tax Reserve Account by way of transfer from the Disposal Proceeds Account

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
any amount in respect of Disposal Tax, the amount required to be so deposited 
shall be promptly withdrawn from the Disposal Proceeds Account and credited to 
the relevant Tax Reserve Account; 
(iv) 
surplus: if: 
(A) 
the Initial T3 Covenant Regime applies; or 
(B) 
either the T1 Covenant Regime or the T2 Covenant Regime applies and 
(1) the Total Collateral Value when last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests 
or the Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was less than 
£2,000,000,000 and (2) the LTV when last tested pursuant to the Tier 
Tests or the Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was greater than 
45%, 
and Sales Proceeds in respect of a Mortgaged Property or Obligor have been 
credited to the Disposal Proceeds Account, the Obligors shall (subject to 
paragraph (iii) above) be entitled to withdraw only an amount equal to the excess 
(if any) of the Net Sales Proceeds in respect of such Mortgaged Property or 
Obligor (as the case may be) over the Allocated Debt Amount for such Mortgaged 
Property or any Mortgaged Property held by any Obligor which is the subject of 
a Disposal and to apply the same for any lawful purpose of FinCo; 
(v) 
tax payments: if Sales Proceeds in respect of a Mortgaged Property have been 
credited to the Disposals Proceeds Account in respect of a Disposal or Deemed 
Disposal of a Mortgaged Property, then (subject to paragraph (iii) above) FinCo 
may withdraw an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Sale Proceeds in 
respect of such Mortgaged Property over the Net Sale Proceeds for any lawful 
purpose of FinCo (including the payment of any tax associated with the Disposal 
or Deemed Disposal of such Mortgaged Property); 
(vi) 
reinvestment: if (1) either (a) the Total Collateral Value when last tested pursuant 
to the Tier Tests or the Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was less than 
£2,000,000,000 and the LTV when last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or the 
Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was greater than 45% (but in either 
case the Final T3 Covenant Regime does not apply) or (b) the Initial T3 Covenant 
Regime applies, (2) Sales Proceeds in respect of any Mortgaged Property or 
Obligor, Deemed Disposal Proceeds or the proceeds of any Material Damage 
Policy have been credited to the Disposal Proceeds Account in respect of any 
Mortgaged Property, and (3) less than 12 months have elapsed since the date 
such funds were so credited, FinCo may (subject to paragraph (iii) above) 
withdraw all or part of such funds to the extent of the Sales Proceeds in respect 
of such Mortgaged Property or Obligor (as the case may be), Deemed Disposal 
Proceeds or proceeds of any Material Damage Policy (as the case may be) so 
that any member of the Security Group may finance: 
(A) 
development costs in respect of a permitted Development; and/or

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(B) 
a permitted Acquisition; and/or 
(C) 
the Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans in accordance with paragraph 
(vii) below; 
(vii) 
Prepayment: subject to paragraph (i) above, if either: 
(A) 
Sales Proceeds or Deemed Disposal Proceeds for a Mortgaged Property 
have been credited to the Disposal Proceeds Account; or 
(B) 
proceeds of a Material Damage Policy have been credited to the Disposal 
Proceeds Account, 
and any part of the Net Sales Proceeds for that Mortgaged Property or such insurance proceeds 
remains credited to the Disposal Proceeds Account after the expiry of the relevant time period set 
out below when either (A) a T3 Covenant Regime applies or (B) the Total Collateral Value when 
last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or the Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was less 
than £2,000,000,000 and the LTV when last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or the Additional 
Tier Tests (as the case may be) was greater than 45%, then such part will be applied in 
Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans in accordance with the provisions described in 
“Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 115, above, in accordance with the rules described 
below. 
In the case of Sales Proceeds or Deemed Disposal Proceeds: 
(a) 
if (A) the Initial T3 Covenant Regime applies or (B) the Total Collateral Value when last 
tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was less 
than £2,000,000,000 and the LTV when last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or the 
Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was greater than 45% (but the Final T3 
Covenant Regime does not apply), the Prepayment will be made within two Business 
Days following the expiry of 12 months from the date the Sales Proceeds were credited 
to the Disposal Proceeds Account; or 
(b) 
if the Final T3 Covenant Regime applies, the Prepayment will be made within two 
Business Days following the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date falling 6 months after the date such Sales Proceeds were credited to the 
Disposal Proceeds Account (if credited while the Final T3 Covenant Regime 
applied); and 
(ii) 
the date falling 12 months after the date such Sales Proceeds were credited to 
the Disposal Proceeds Account (if credited at a time when the Final T3 Covenant 
Regime did not apply). 
In the case of proceeds from a Material Damage Policy: 
(a) 
if either (A) the Initial T3 Covenant Regime applies or (B) the Total Collateral Value when 
last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
less than £2,000,000,000 and the LTV when last tested pursuant to the Tier Tests or the 
Additional Tier Tests (as the case may be) was greater than 45% (but the Final T3 
Covenant Regime does not apply), the Prepayment will be made within two Business 
Days following the expiry of 12 months from the date the relevant insurance proceeds 
were credited to the Disposal Proceeds Account or, if the relevant Obligor is, on such 
expiry, obliged by a relevant Leasing Agreement or insurance policy to repair or reinstate 
the relevant Mortgaged Property, such later date (if any) on which such obligation is 
released; or 
(b) 
if the Final T3 Covenant Regime applies, the Prepayment will be made within two 
Business Days following the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date falling 6 months after the date such proceeds were credited to the 
Disposal Proceeds Account (if credited while the Final T3 Covenant Regime 
applied) (or, if the relevant Obligor is, on such date, obliged by a relevant Leasing 
Agreement or insurance policy to repair or reinstate the relevant Mortgaged 
Property, such later date (if any) on which such obligation is released); and 
(ii) 
the date falling 12 months after the date such insurance proceeds were credited 
to the Disposal Proceeds Account (if credited at a time when the Final T3 
Covenant Regime did not apply) (or, if the relevant Obligor is, on such date, 
obliged by a relevant Leasing Agreement or insurance policy to repair or reinstate 
the relevant Mortgaged Property, such later date (if any) on which such obligation 
is released). 
Save as provided below, the Obligor Security Trustee’s consent will be required for any 
withdrawal of any sum from the Disposal Proceeds Account. The Obligor Security Trustee 
will undertake to consent to any withdrawal upon receipt of a certificate of two Authorised 
Signatories stating: 
(A) 
that such withdrawal is permitted under the terms of the Common Terms 
Agreement; 
(B) 
the purpose of the withdrawal; and 
(C) 
that (i) no Obligor Event of Default is continuing unwaived or would arise 
as a result of such withdrawal and (ii) no Enforcement Period is 
continuing. 
Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, the Obligor Security Trustee’s 
consent will not be required in respect of sums credited as interest earned on the Disposal 
Proceeds Account, which sums may be transferred to a Collection Account by standing 
instruction unless an Enforcement Period is continuing or a Loan Acceleration Notice has 
been served.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Income Replacement Account 
Sums standing to the credit of the Income Replacement Account may be withdrawn with the 
consent of the Obligor Security Trustee. 
If the T1 Covenant Regime or the T2 Covenant Regime applies, the Obligor Security Trustee will 
consent to any proposed withdrawal of any amount (other than an amount standing to the credit 
of the Liquidity Ledger) from the Income Replacement Account by FinCo upon receipt from FinCo 
of a certificate, signed by two Authorised Signatories, which states that: 
(a) 
no Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing unwaived; and 
(b) 
such withdrawal would not cause a T3 Covenant Regime to apply were a Tier Test 
Calculation Date to occur immediately following such withdrawal. 
If a T3 Covenant Regime applies (or a T3 Covenant Regime would apply were a Tier Test 
Calculation Date to occur immediately following any withdrawal of funds standing to the credit of 
the Income Replacement Account (other than a withdrawal of an amount standing to the credit of 
the Liquidity Ledger)), and FinCo requests the consent of the Obligor Security Trustee to a 
withdrawal of funds standing to the credit of the Income Replacement Account (other than an 
amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Ledger) in respect of any Surrender, the Obligor 
Security Trustee will undertake to consent to such proposed withdrawal upon receipt from FinCo 
of a certificate, signed by two Authorised Signatories, which states that: 
(a) 
no Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing unwaived; and 
(b) 
the monies proposed to be withdrawn from the Income Replacement Account will be paid 
into a Collection Account either: 
(i) 
at the times, and in the amounts, that the Rental Income forgone as a result of 
such Surrender would have been payable to the Security Group had such 
Surrender not been accepted; or 
(ii) 
in any other amounts and/or at any other times, provided that such certificate also 
states that (A) the premises to which such Surrender related have been re-let 
pursuant to a Leasing Agreement which complies with the Letting Criteria 
(provided that the payment of rent under the relevant tenancy is scheduled to 
commence not later than the next Scheduled Calculation Date), (B) the amount 
proposed to be withdrawn is not greater than the amount deposited into the 
Income Replacement Account at the time of such Surrender (plus any interest 
earned thereon) less any amount previously withdrawn therefrom and (C) no 
Enforcement Period is continuing and no Loan Acceleration Notice has been 
served. 
If FinCo deposits any amount into the Income Replacement Account pursuant to the Mandatory 
Liquidity Provisions, such amount will be credited to the Liquidity Ledger. Save as provided below, 
amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Ledger may only be used to pay interest on Priority 
1 Debt (and amounts, other than amounts in respect of Rental Loans, ranking senior thereto under

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
the relevant Security Group Priority of Payments). FinCo will be permitted to transfer to a 
Collection Account amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Ledger at any time if and to the 
extent that the aggregate of amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Ledger and the 
aggregate commitment amount (whether drawn or undrawn) of any Liquidity Facilities exceeds 
the Required Liquidity Amount at that time. 
Liquidity Facility Reserve Account 
The proceeds of any standby loan drawn under a Liquidity Facility will be deposited to the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Reserve Account if a Liquidity Event occurs. Amounts will be withdrawn from, 
and deposited to, the Liquidity Facility Reserve Account in the same manner as such amounts 
would be capable of being drawn, and required to be paid (or repaid), from or to the relevant 
Liquidity Facility Provider. 
Tax Reserve Accounts 
The consent of the Obligor Security Trustee will be required for any withdrawal from the Tax 
Reserve Accounts. The Obligor Security Trustee will grant such consent upon receipt of certain 
certificates as set out in detail in the Tax Deed of Covenant. 
Swap Collateral Accounts 
Any collateral provided by a Swap Counterparty following its downgrade below the Swap 
Counterparty Minimum Short Term Ratings or Swap Counterparty Minimum Long Term Ratings 
(as the case may be) will be credited to a Swap Collateral Account opened at the time such 
collateral is provided in the name of the Obligor that is party to the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Amounts may only be withdrawn from a Swap Collateral Account: (i) to return collateral to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the applicable Swap Agreement and 
collateral arrangements; (ii) in respect of any payment obligation of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty under the applicable Swap Agreement that is due but remains unpaid after the 
expiry of the applicable grace period; and (iii) following termination of the applicable Swap 
Agreement to the extent not required to satisfy any termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty. 
Swap Excluded Amount Accounts 
All amounts which fall within paragraphs (b) and (c) of the definition of Swap Excluded Amounts 
received by the Obligors from time to time will be deposited into a Swap Excluded Amount 
Account. The Obligors will be permitted to withdraw funds from any Swap Excluded Amount 
Account to pay to the relevant Swap Counterparty amounts owing to such Swap Counterparty in 
respect of such Swap Excluded Amounts standing to the credit of such account. 
Eligible Investments 
The Obligors will generally be permitted to acquire Eligible Investments from amounts standing 
to the credit of the Obligor Accounts, provided that such Eligible Investments are held in a 
segregated client account on behalf of the Obligors by the Account Bank acting pursuant to the

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement or by an Eligible Bank acting as custodian 
pursuant to a custody agreement in a form agreed between the Obligors, the Obligor Security 
Trustee and the Rating Agencies. Eligible Investments acquired using amounts standing to the 
credit of any Obligor Account will be treated, for all purposes under the Common Terms 
Agreement, as being a part of such Obligor Account. 
Representations and Warranties of Each Obligor 
The representations and warranties of the Obligors provided under the Common Terms 
Agreement as listed below are provided solely to the Obligor Security Trustee on its own behalf 
and on behalf of the Obligor Secured Creditors. 
Representations and warranties made on Exchange Date and each Reporting Date 
The representations and warranties given by each Obligor in the Common Terms Agreement on 
the Exchange Date and to be repeated at each Reporting Date are the following: 
(a) 
it is a corporation or other legal entity duly established, validly existing and registered 
under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is established, capable of being sued in its 
own right and not subject to any immunity from any proceedings; 
(b) 
it has the power to own its property and assets and to carry on its business and operations 
as they are being conducted; 
(c) 
it has the power to enter into, perform and discharge its obligations under each of the 
Obligor Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and has taken all necessary 
corporate and other action to authorise the execution, delivery and performance of such 
documents (save only for any such actions as are contemplated to be taken after 
execution of the Obligor Transaction Documents); 
(d) 
its obligations under each of the Obligor Transaction Documents to which it is a party are 
legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations subject to any reservations identified in 
the legal opinions to be delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee on or before the 
Exchange Date and it is not aware of any reason why the Obligor Security might not be 
valid with the priority it is expressed to have in the Obligor Security Documents; 
(e) 
its entry into and performance of its obligations under, and the transactions contemplated 
by, the Obligor Transaction Documents do not conflict with (i) any other agreement to 
which it is a party in such a way as to have a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) any law or 
regulation applicable to it or (iii) its constitutional documents; 
(f) 
all governmental and other consents, approvals, licences and registrations which are 
necessary for it to conduct the transactions contemplated by the Obligor Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party have been applied for or obtained; 
(g) 
no event or circumstance is outstanding which constitutes a default under any other 
agreement or instrument which is binding on it or to which its assets are subject which 
has or will have a Material Adverse Effect;

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
(h) 
the most recently delivered audited consolidated financial statements (or, where the 
Security Group does not constitute a group that would require a statutory consolidation, 
the Security Group’s pro forma consolidated accounts) for the Security Group and the 
report of the Auditors thereon present fairly the state of affairs of the Security Group as of 
the date at which they were prepared and of the results for the accounting period up to 
such date; 
(i) 
all documentation and other information in relation to the Mortgaged Properties which it 
supplied in connection with the preparation of the Certificates of Title was, as at the date 
at which such documentation and information was stated to be given (to the best of its 
knowledge, information and belief) true and accurate in all material respects; 
(j) 
(i) all factual information provided by, or on behalf of, such Obligor to the Valuer for the 
purposes of each Valuation Report on the Estate (and each summary thereof delivered 
to the Representative of the ACF Providers) and each Intermediate Valuation Report on 
a Mortgaged Property (in each case as such information may have been amended, varied 
or supplemented by such Obligor prior to the date of such Valuation Report) was, to the 
best of its knowledge, information and belief, true and accurate in all material respects on 
the date of such report and no information was omitted which, if disclosed, would 
reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse effect on the Market Value of any 
of the Mortgaged Properties as set out in the relevant Valuation Report(s) and (ii) the 
summaries referred to above are accurate summaries of the relevant Valuation Reports 
on the Estate; 
(k) 
all governmental and other consents, approvals, licences and registrations (including but 
not limited to Environmental Permits) which are necessary for it to conduct its business 
have been obtained, are in full force and effect and have been complied with in all material 
respects and it has made all filings, payments of duties or taxes and other approvals and 
authorisations necessary for it to own its property and assets and conduct its business, 
which, in each case, if not obtained (or if revoked, terminated or otherwise not in full force 
and effect), complied with or made, would be reasonably expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect; 
(l) 
the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors against it under any of the Obligor Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party (or the claims of the Obligor Security Trustee on behalf 
of the Obligor Secured Creditors thereunder, as the case may be) will rank at least pari 
passu with the claims of all its unsecured creditors, save for those claims that are 
preferred solely by any bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws or 
regulations of general application; 
(m) 
there has been no breach of any term of any Insurance Policy which, so far as it is aware, 
would entitle the relevant insurer to avoid such policy in its entirety; 
(n) 
save as disclosed in the Title Overview Reports (or Certificates of Title relating to any 
Additional Mortgaged Properties disclosed to the Valuers), one or more Obligor(s) is/are 
the absolute legal owners (subject to any pending registrations or recordings at the Land 
Registry), and such Obligor(s) (or other Obligor(s)) is/are the absolute beneficial owner, 
of each of the Mortgaged Properties and (save as disclosed in the Title Overview Reports

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
and/or the Certificates of Title or otherwise disclosed to the Valuers) each Obligor has 
good and marketable title (but, for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of registered land 
without implying a particular quality of title), in its own name, to its interests in such 
Mortgaged Property; 
(o) 
so far as it is aware it is entitled to use all of the Intellectual Property Rights that are used 
by it in connection with the Obligor Properties from time to time; 
(p) 
save as disclosed in the Environmental Reports or as otherwise disclosed to the Valuers: 
(i) 
it is in compliance with all Environmental Laws in all material respects (in the 
context of the Obligor Properties as a whole), there are no circumstances known 
to it that are likely to prevent or interfere with such compliance in the future where 
such non compliance would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect and there are no circumstances known to it that are likely to give rise to 
any liability under Environmental Law which liability would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(ii) 
it is in all material respects in compliance with the terms of all Environmental 
Permits necessary for the ownership and operation of its facilities and businesses 
as presently owned and operated save where in any such case non-compliance 
with or the lack of any such Environmental Permits would not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 
(iii) 
there is no Environmental Action pending or, so far as it is aware, threatened 
against it and, so far as it is aware, there are no circumstances which are 
reasonably likely to form the basis of any Environmental Action against it which 
in any such case would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect; 
(q) 
it holds its Board meetings in an Approved Jurisdiction and has no branch or other 
establishment in any jurisdiction which would operate so as to render applicable with 
respect to it any insolvency laws of any jurisdiction other than those of an Approved 
Jurisdiction or those of England and Wales or Scotland; and 
(r) 
if such Obligor holds an Obligor Account, it is beneficially entitled to all funds standing to 
the credit of such account. 
Additional representations and warranties made on Exchange Date 
In addition to the representations and warranties above, each Obligor made the following 
representations and warranties on the Exchange Date (inter alia): 
(a) 
the capitalisation and indebtedness statements in respect of the Issuer and FinCo set out 
in the Offering Circular had been correctly extracted from the relevant accounting records;  
(b) 
save as specifically disclosed in the Common Terms Agreement, no United Kingdom ad 
valorem stamp duty or stamp duty land tax was payable in relation to the execution,

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
delivery and performance of any of the documents referred to in paragraphs (a) to (e) 
(inclusive) and (g), (h) and (j) of the definition of “Obligor Transaction Documents” and 
paragraphs (a) to (h) (inclusive) of the definition of “Obligor Security Documents” which 
in each case were executed on the Exchange Date; 
(c) 
the ownership of its issued and outstanding shares as at the Exchange Date was as 
described in the diagram “Corporate Structure of the Landsec Group”, page 60, above; 
(d) 
it was not insolvent or unable to pay its debts (within the meaning of Section 123 of the 
Insolvency Act 1986) and (to the best of its knowledge, having made all due enquiries) it 
was not subject to any insolvency, winding-up or similar proceedings; 
(e) 
save as disclosed in the Certificates of Title or the Title Overview Reports or as otherwise 
disclosed to the Valuers, there were (to the best of its knowledge, information and belief) 
no material exceptions, reservations, easements, servitudes, burdens, rights, privileges, 
covenants, restrictions or encumbrances (including any arising under statute or any 
statutory power) or any breaches of town and country planning legislation (and any 
orders, regulations, consents or permissions made or granted under any of the same) or 
resolutions or proposals for the compulsory acquisition of any of the Mortgaged Properties 
or any means of access to or egress therefrom, which would reasonably be expected to 
have a material adverse effect on the Market Value of the Mortgaged Property to which 
they relate; 
(f) 
it did not have any Financial Indebtedness outstanding which it was prohibited from 
having outstanding under the Common Terms Agreement; 
(g) 
any factual information contained in the Offering Circular was true and accurate in all 
material respects as at the date of the Offering Circular and, to the best of the knowledge 
and belief of Land Securities PLC (after having made all due and reasonable enquiries), 
no information had been omitted from the Offering Circular which would make the Offering 
Circular untrue or misleading in any material respect as at the date of the Offering 
Circular; and 
(h) 
except to the extent disclosed in the Offering Circular, no event had occurred since the 
date of publication of its most recently audited financial statements that would have a 
Material Adverse Effect. 
Additional representations and warranties made on each Reporting Date 
In addition to the representations and warranties set out above, each Obligor will make the 
following representations and warranties on each Reporting Date: 
(a) 
it is not insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they fall due and (to the best of its 
knowledge) it is not subject to any insolvency, winding-up or similar proceedings; and 
(b) 
since the Exchange Date, there has been no change in its share ownership except as 
disclosed in the Investor Reports.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Obligor Events of Default and Remedy 
Obligor Events of Default 
Each of the following is an “Obligor Event of Default”: 
(a) 
failure to pay: the Obligors together fail to pay when due and payable any amount or 
amounts payable by any Obligor under any Obligor Transaction Document, provided that 
no Obligor Event of Default shall occur if (A) the due amount(s) are paid in full within 5 
Business Days of its/their due date or (B) such amount(s) (if not owed to the Issuer or an 
ACF Provider or an ACF Representative under an ACF Agreement) is (or are in 
aggregate) less than £10,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) (subject to 
Indexation); 
(b) 
breach of Financial Covenant: a breach of the Financial Covenant which is not remedied 
within 60 days of the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date of delivery of the Calculation Certificate in respect of the Calculation Date 
as of which such covenant was breached; and 
(ii) 
the last day upon which the Obligors are permitted to deliver such certificate 
under the Common Terms Agreement, 
in the manner set out in the section entitled “— Remedy of Financial Covenant”, page 
169, below; 
(c) 
breach of covenants not to encumber, carry on extraneous business or incur Unsecured 
Debt: a breach of any of the covenants referred to in paragraph (a) (create 
Encumbrances) or (b) (carry on extraneous business) of the subsection entitled “— 
Covenants applicable to all Obligors”, page 148, above, or the covenant set out in the 
subsection entitled “— Unsecured Debt”, page 149, above, in each case set out in the 
section entitled “— Additional negative covenants of the Obligors”, page 148, above), the 
incurrence of any Financial Indebtedness by the Obligors other than Permitted Financial 
Indebtedness or a breach of any of the terms referred to in the section headed “— 
Intercreditor arrangements”, page 180, below, other than in accordance with the Security 
Trust and Intercreditor Deed, provided that any such breach is incapable of remedy or is 
not remedied within a period of 20 Business Days following (A) receipt by the Principal 
Obligor of notification of such breach from the Obligor Security Trustee or (B) if earlier, 
the date on which any Obligor became aware of such breach; 
(d) 
breach of Common Control Covenant: a breach of the Common Control Covenant unless 
a certificate is delivered to the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the provisions 
described in “— Released Obligors”, page 87, above, within a period of 20 Business Days 
following (A) receipt by the Principal Obligor of notification of such breach from the Obligor 
Security Trustee or (B) if earlier, the date on which any Obligor became aware of such 
breach;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
(e) 
breach of other covenant: a failure to perform or comply with any covenant that is required 
to be complied with under the Common Terms Agreement, the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed, any Obligor Security Document or the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement (but not specifically mentioned in (b) to (d) inclusive above) 
where such failure to comply has, or is reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse 
Effect, provided that in any case such breach is either incapable of remedy or is not 
remedied within a period of 60 days following receipt of a notification of breach by the 
Principal Obligor from the Obligor Security Trustee or (if earlier) the date on which any 
Obligor becomes aware of that default; 
(f) 
unable to pay debts: any Obligor or partnership of Obligors: 
(i) 
admits its inability or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(ii) 
suspends the payment of all or a substantial part of its debts or announces an 
intention to do so; 
(g) 
winding-up/reorganisation: any Obligor or partnership of Obligors takes any corporate 
action, or other steps are taken or legal proceedings are commenced against any Obligor 
or partnership of Obligors, for its winding-up, dissolution or reorganisation (whether by 
way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise, other than a solvent 
reorganisation), provided that it will not be an Obligor Event of Default to the extent that 
such Obligor or partnership of Obligors is contesting such action, step or proceeding in 
good faith and such action, step or proceeding is withdrawn or discharged within 30 days 
of its commencement; 
(h) 
insolvency official appointed and administration proceedings: a liquidator, receiver, 
administrator, administrative receiver or similar officers appointed in respect of any 
Obligor or partnership of Obligors or any material part of its revenues or assets, or any 
Obligor or partnership of Obligors, its directors or any other person so entitled takes any 
steps to appoint an administrator or otherwise commence administration proceedings; 
(i) 
execution against assets: any execution, distress or diligence is levied against: 
(i) 
the whole or any part of the property, undertaking or assets (other than cash 
assets) of an Obligor or partnership of Obligors having a value, in the aggregate, 
of £100,000,000 (subject to Indexation) or more; or 
(ii) 
the whole or any part of the cash assets of an Obligor or partnership of Obligors 
having a value, in the aggregate, of £100,000,000 (subject to Indexation) or more, 
and, in each case, such execution, distress or diligence is not being contested in good 
faith; 
(j) 
analogous events: any event occurs or proceedings are taken with respect to any Obligor 
or partnership of Obligors in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it has assets 
which has an effect similar to or equivalent to any of the events mentioned in paragraphs

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
(g) (winding-up/reorganisation), (h) (insolvency official appointed and administration 
proceedings) and (i) (execution against assets) above; 
(k) 
breach of representation: any representation, warranty or statement (other than the 
representation referred to in paragraph (l) below made or repeated by an Obligor in any 
of the Obligor Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than the Tax Deed of 
Covenant, in relation to which see paragraph (o) (breach of Tax Deed of Covenant) below) 
or any statement made in any certificate provided in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any respect when made 
or repeated if the effect thereof has, or would be, a Material Adverse Effect, provided that 
in any case that such breach is either incapable of remedy or is not remedied within a 
period of 60 days following (A) receipt by the Principal Obligor of notification of such 
breach from the Obligor Security Trustee or (B) if earlier, the date on which any Obligor 
became aware of such breach; 
(l) 
breach of Offering Circular representation: the representation and warranty set out in 
paragraph (g) in the section entitled “Additional representations and warranties made on 
Exchange Date”, page 127, above, is found to have been incorrect when made, provided 
that such breach is either incapable of remedy or is not remedied within a period of 20 
Business Days following (A) receipt by the Principal Obligor of notification of such breach 
from the Obligor Security Trustee or (B) if earlier, the date on which any Obligor became 
aware of such breach; 
(m) 
illegality: it is or becomes unlawful for any Obligor to comply with any or all of its 
obligations under any of the Obligor Transaction Documents or to own its assets or carry 
on its business if, in each case, the effect of such unlawfulness has or is reasonably 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, unless the circumstances giving rise to such 
illegality are capable of remedy and are remedied within a period of 60 days following (A) 
receipt by the Principal Obligor of notification of such illegality from the Obligor Security 
Trustee or (B) if earlier, the date on which any Obligor becomes aware of such illegality; 
(n) 
litigation: the commencement of any litigation, arbitration, administrative proceedings or 
governmental or regulatory investigations, proceedings or disputes against an Obligor or 
its assets, revenues or undertakings which, in any such case, is likely to be adversely 
determined against it and which, if so adversely determined, has or is reasonably 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or 
(o) 
breach of Tax Deed of Covenant: an Obligor or any Non-Restricted Group Entity which is 
a party to the Tax Deed of Covenant fails duly to perform or comply with any of its 
covenants under the Tax Deed of Covenant or any of its representations or warranties in 
the Tax Deed of Covenant is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any respect 
when made if the foregoing has, or is reasonably expected to have, a Material Adverse 
Effect, provided that, in any case, either such failure or breach is not capable of remedy 
or such failure or breach is not remedied within a period of 60 Business Days following 
(A) receipt by the Principal Obligor of notification of such failure or breach from the Obligor 
Security Trustee or (B) if earlier, the date on which any Obligor or such Non-Restricted 
Group Entity became aware of such failure or breach.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
The Common Terms Agreement provides that a Potential Obligor Event of Default or an Obligor 
Event of Default in respect of a particular Obligor may be remedied by such Obligor becoming a 
Released Obligor in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement. 
Remedy of Financial Covenant 
Under the terms of the Common Terms Agreement, a breach of the Financial Covenant may be 
remedied by one or more of the following: 
(a) 
Historical ICR: in the case of a breach of the Historical ICR component of the Financial 
Covenant, through: 
(i) 
the deposit of an amount into the Debt Collateralisation Account which, had such 
amount been so deposited on the first day of the most recent Historical 
Calculation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
the Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans in accordance with the provisions 
described in the section entitled “— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 
115, above, which, had such Non-Contingent Loans been Prepaid on the first day 
of the most recent Historical Calculation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
the addition of Additional Properties into the Estate which, had such properties 
been Mortgaged Properties on the first day of the most recent Historical 
Calculation Period,  
(or any combination of the foregoing) would have ensured that such breach would not 
have occurred); and/or 
(b) 
Projected ICR: in the case of a breach of the Projected ICR component of the Financial 
Covenant, through: 
(i) 
the deposit of an amount into the Debt Collateralisation Account which, had such 
amount been so deposited on the first day of the relevant Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period; and/or 
(ii) 
the Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans in accordance with the provisions 
described in the section entitled “— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 
115, above which, had such Non-Contingent Loans been Prepaid on the first day 
of the relevant Forward-Looking Calculation Period; and/or 
(iii) 
the addition of Additional Properties into the Estate which, had such properties 
been Mortgaged Properties on the first day of the relevant Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period,  
(or any combination of the foregoing) would have ensured that such breach would not 
have occurred); and/or 
(c) 
LTV: in the case of a breach of the LTV component of the Financial Covenant, through:

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
(i) 
the deposit of an amount into the Disposal Proceeds Account, the Debt 
Collateralisation Account or any other Approved Blocked Account which, had 
such amount been netted against the Security Group Net Debt Outstanding on 
the most recent Calculation Date; and/or 
(ii) 
the Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans in accordance with the provisions 
described in the section entitled “— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 
115, above, which, had such Non-Contingent Loans been Prepaid on the most 
recent Calculation Date; and/or 
(iii) 
the addition of Additional Properties into the Estate which, had such properties 
been Mortgaged Properties on the most recent Calculation Date, 
(or any combination of the foregoing) would have ensured that such breach would not 
have occurred; and/or 
(d) 
Ratings Test: in the case of breach of any or all components of the Financial Covenant, 
through any remedial action approved as a Rating Affirmed Matter. 
For the avoidance of doubt: (1) a single deposit, Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans or addition 
of Additional Mortgaged Properties may be used to remedy a breach of all of the Historical ICR, 
Projected ICR, and LTV components of the Financial Covenant and (2) the Obligors shall have 
regard only to the interest that would have been earned on the deposits referred to in paragraphs 
(a)(i) and (a)(ii) above for the purposes of determining whether a breach of the Historical ICR or 
Projected ICR component of the Financial Covenant, respectively, has been remedied. 
Acceleration of Secured Obligations and Enforcement of Obligor Security 
The occurrence of an Obligor Event of Default under the Common Terms Agreement will entitle 
the Obligor Security Trustee to Accelerate all Secured Obligations (see the section entitled “— 
Acceleration of Secured Obligations”, page 193, below). Further, it will entitle the Obligor Security 
Trustee and the Note Trustee to take enforcement action in respect of the Obligor Security (see 
the section entitled “— Loan Enforcement Notice and Enforcement Action”, page 189, below). All 
monies standing to the credit of all of the Obligor Accounts may, in these circumstances, only be 
withdrawn with the prior consent of the Obligor Security Trustee. The occurrence of a P1 Trigger 
Event or a P2 Trigger Event will also entitle the Obligor Security Trustee to take Enforcement 
Action in respect of the Obligor Security and, in the case of an occurrence of a P1 Trigger Event, 
to Accelerate all Secured Obligations. 
Disclosure of Information by the Obligor Security Trustee 
The Common Terms Agreement prohibits the Obligor Security Trustee from disclosing to any 
person (unless required by law or court order or expressly permitted by an Obligor Transaction 
Document or by an Obligor in writing), any Valuation Report which discloses the Market Value of 
any individual Mortgaged Property or anything other than the aggregate value of the Estate as a 
whole.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
B. 
SECURITY TRUST AND INTERCREDITOR DEED 
The Issuer, FinCo, the other Original Obligors, the Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, 
Land Securities Group PLC (as a Stakeholder), the Initial ACF Providers and each of the other 
Obligor Secured Creditors (inter alios), on the Exchange Date, entered into the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed pursuant to which: 
(a) 
certain covenants to pay, and certain guarantees and indemnities were given by the 
Obligors to the Obligor Security Trustee, and certain fixed and floating security was 
expressed to be granted by the Obligors to the Obligor Security Trustee (see the section 
entitled “— Security granted by the Obligors”, page 171, below); 
(b) 
the claims of the Obligor Secured Creditors and any Stakeholders against the Obligors 
and the rights of priority and of enforcement in respect of the Obligor Secured Creditors’ 
rights under the Obligor Transaction Documents were regulated (see the sections entitled     
“— Undertakings of the Obligor Secured Creditors and Stakeholders”, page 137, below 
and “— Security Group Priority of Payments”, page 198, below); and 
(c) 
the procedure for instructing the Obligor Security Trustee, including instructions (i) to give 
any Loan Enforcement Notice to the Obligors or to take any Enforcement Action, (ii) to 
Accelerate the Secured Obligations, (iii) to concur in making modifications of, to give 
consent under or to grant waivers in respect of any breach or proposed breach of, the 
Obligor General Transaction Documents (or to grant a release from the Obligor Security) 
and (iv) to remove the Obligor Security Trustee and to appoint any successor thereof, 
was set out (see the section entitled “— Intercreditor arrangements”, page 180, below). 
Any Obligor joining the Security Group after the Exchange Date shall accede to, inter alia, the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed (and shall give certain covenants to pay, certain guarantees 
and indemnities and grant certain fixed and floating security to the Obligor Security Trustee) (see 
the section entitled “— Security granted by the Obligors”, page 171, below) by way of an Obligor 
Accession Deed (see “— Additional Obligors”, page 85, above). 
After the Exchange Date, any person who wishes to lend to, or become a creditor of, the Obligors 
on a secured basis will be required to become an Obligor Secured Creditor and accordingly shall 
accede to the Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed by way 
of a Creditor Accession Deed, the form of which is set out in the Common Terms Agreement. Any 
Stakeholder becoming such after the Exchange Date shall accede to the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed by way of an accession deed, the form of which is set out in the Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed. 
Security granted by the Obligors 
Covenants to pay and Guarantees 
Pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, each Obligor jointly and severally 
covenants with the Obligor Security Trustee to discharge and pay, on demand, each and every 
sum owing by it and any other Obligor to the Obligor Security Trustee or to any other Obligor 
Secured Creditor on account of the Secured Obligations.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
Further, each Obligor irrevocably and unconditionally, and jointly and severally (but subject to the 
next paragraph): 
(a) 
guarantees to the Obligor Security Trustee for itself and on behalf of the other Obligor 
Secured Creditors each and every obligation of each other Obligor in respect of the 
Secured Obligations; and 
(b) 
indemnifies the Obligor Security Trustee immediately on demand against any loss or 
liability suffered by it or any of the other Obligor Secured Creditors if the guarantee of, or 
any obligation guaranteed by such Obligor or any other Obligor becomes unenforceable, 
invalid or illegal, and the amount of the loss or liabilities under such indemnity will be 
equal to the amount that the Obligor Security Trustee would otherwise have been entitled 
to recover for itself or, as the case may be, on behalf of such Obligor Secured Creditor 
(the guarantees and indemnities above, the “Guarantee”). 
The claims of the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the Guarantee given by each Nominee 
are recoverable only from the enforcement proceeds in respect of the Obligor Security granted to 
the Obligor Security Trustee by such Nominee and/or to the extent of the Trust Property available 
to such Nominee to make payments under the Guarantee. If the Obligor Security Trustee 
determines that the value of the Trust Property of any Nominee (including such Nominee’s right 
to an indemnity out of the Trust Property) is less than the amount actually due and payable under 
the Guarantee of such Nominee, the claims under the Guarantee shall be reduced to an amount 
equal to the value of such Trust Property. 
Fixed and floating security granted by the Obligors 
Pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, each Obligor granted to the Obligor Security 
Trustee, as security for the Secured Obligations, the following security interests over its present 
and future assets including, to the extent applicable to such Obligor and such assets: 
(a) 
(i) (in the case of real property in England and Wales) a first ranking charge by way of 
legal mortgage (or, in the case of real estate properties in Scotland, a Standard Security) 
over its freehold and/or leasehold interests in the real properties intended to constitute 
the Initial Estate and any real property thereafter belonging to any Obligor and brought 
into the Estate and (ii) (subject to any Permitted Encumbrances referred to in paragraph 
(h) of the definition thereof) a first ranking fixed equitable mortgage over all other real 
property assets; 
(b) 
a first fixed charge over all plant, machinery and other chattels owned by it and situated 
in or at the Mortgaged Properties; 
(c) 
a first fixed charge over the Obligor Accounts; 
(d) 
a first fixed charge over the entire issued share capital held by it in each of its subsidiaries 
and all dividends, interest and other monies receivable by it in respect of such share 
capital (including redemption, any bonus or any rights arising under any preference, 
option, substitution or conversion relating to such share capital);

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
(e) 
a first fixed charge over its rights under any agreement relating to the purchase of any 
Mortgaged Properties in England and Wales; 
(f) 
a first fixed charge over all rights, title and interest, present and future, in Intellectual 
Property Rights but only insofar and to the extent that such Intellectual Property Rights 
are used by it in connection with its Mortgaged Properties; 
(g) 
a first fixed charge over any interest in any Eligible Investments held by or on behalf of it; 
(h) 
a first fixed charge over all of its goodwill; 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over all of its uncalled share capital; 
(j) 
a first fixed charge over all Monetary Claims and all related rights in respect of those 
Monetary Claims other than any claims and rights which are otherwise subject to a fixed 
charge or assignment (at law or in equity) pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed; 
(k) 
an assignment by way of security of all its rights to and in all Rental Income (including all 
its rights under any guarantee of rental income contained in or relating to any Leasing 
Agreement); 
(l) 
an assignment by way of security of all proceeds receivable by each Obligor under the 
Insurance Policies and of all related rights in respect of those Insurance Policies; 
(m) 
an assignment by way of security of its rights, title and interest in the Obligor Transaction 
Documents (excluding the Reorganisation Documents) to which it is a party; and 
(n) 
a first floating charge over the whole or substantially the whole of its undertaking, assets, 
property and rights whatsoever and wheresoever, present and future (the floating charge 
referred to in this paragraph (n), the “STID Floating Security”). 
The STID Floating Security shall be deferred in point of priority to all fixed security validly created 
by the Obligors under the Obligor Security Documents. 
In addition to the foregoing, the Principal Obligor has granted to the Obligor Security Trustee as 
security for the Secured Obligations, a fixed charge over all its rights in the custody agreement 
entered into between the Principal Obligor and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in respect of 
the custody account held in the name of the Principal Obligor for the purposes of depositing Notes. 
A note about Scottish Standard Security 
Fixed security has been and will be created over Scottish Mortgaged Properties by means of 
separate Standard Securities. The Standard Security is the only competent means of creating a 
fixed charge over heritable or leasehold property in Scotland. 
The form of each Standard Security must comply with the requirements of the Conveyancing and 
Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970, as amended (the “1970 Act”). The 1970 Act specifies a

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
statutory set of “Standard Conditions” which regulate all standard securities, although the majority 
of these (except for the standard conditions dealing with the powers of sale, redemption and 
foreclosure) may be, and predominantly in practice are extensively, varied by agreement between 
the parties. The standard conditions regulate (amongst others) maintenance and repair, 
insurance, letting, the rights of the creditor in the event of the debtor being in default and 
redemption of the sums secured by the Standard Security. 
The Standard Conditions have been and will be varied in each of the Standard Securities over 
the Scottish Mortgaged Properties so as to achieve consistency with the conditions set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. There are a number of 
ways to effect enforcement set out in the 1970 Act, including the heritable creditor’s right to sell 
the property in certain circumstances upon completion of the “calling up process” (again set out 
in the 1970 Act). This is, however, subject to various duties including an obligation to take all 
reasonable steps to ensure that the sale price is the best that can reasonably be obtained. In 
contrast to the position in England and Wales, the heritable creditor has no power to appoint an 
LPA receiver under the Standard Security.  
Freedom to deal 
In respect of the security interests granted under the Obligor Security Documents, the Security 
Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that, provided an Enforcement Period is not continuing at 
such time, each Obligor will be free to deal with any of its assets (including any assets of an 
Obligor and any shares held in an Obligor secured in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee or the 
Issuer under the Obligor Security Documents) except to the extent that such Obligor is restricted 
from doing so by virtue of the existence of the security interests over the Mortgaged Properties 
and the following provisions in the Obligor General Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
the conditions as set out in the Common Terms Agreement regulating the release of 
Mortgaged Properties, Intellectual Property Rights and shares in Obligors from the 
Obligor Security (see the sections entitled “— Released Properties”, page 92, above, and 
“— Released Obligors”, page 87, above); 
(b) 
the covenants as set out in the Common Terms Agreement (see the sections entitled “–
T1 Covenants”, “— T2 Covenants”, “— Initial T3 Covenants”, and “— Final T3 
Covenants”, page 150 et seq.above); 
(c) 
the conditions as set out in the Common Terms Agreement regulating withdrawals from 
Obligor Accounts (see the section entitled “— Special Provisions Concerning Obligor 
Accounts”, page 153, above); 
(d) 
the obligation of the Obligors to make payments in accordance with the “–Security Group 
Priority of Payments”, page 198 et seq. below; and 
(e) 
the provision as set out in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed as set out in “— 
Prohibition against assignments”, immediately below.  
Notwithstanding the assignment of all rights, title and interests of the Obligors in the Obligor 
Transaction Documents to the Obligor Security Trustee, each Obligor shall, subject to and in

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
accordance with the provisions of the Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed, be entitled at any time other than during any Enforcement Period (other than 
a P2 Enforcement Period) freely to exercise all of the rights and powers expressed to be granted 
to it under the Obligor Transaction Documents. However, during an Enforcement Period any 
amounts to be paid to an Obligor under the Obligor Transaction Documents shall be applied in 
accordance with the then applicable Security Group Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
In respect of any Charged Property apart from the Mortgaged Properties, the Intellectual Property 
Rights (to the extent they are Charged Property) and shares in the Obligors (to the extent they 
are Charged Property), the procedure for release of which is dealt with in the Common Terms 
Agreement (see “— Released Properties”, page 92, above, in respect of the Mortgaged Properties 
and the Intellectual Property Rights and “— Released Obligors”, page 87, above, in respect of 
shares in the Obligors), and with which an Obligor is free to deal by virtue of the above, a 
purchaser of such Charged Property may request confirmation that neither the STID Floating 
Security nor the OFCA Floating Security have crystallised from the Obligor Security Trustee (in 
respect of the Obligor Security held by it) and the Note Trustee (in respect of the OFCA Floating 
Security) (such confirmation to be given in accordance with the provisions of the Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed). 
Prohibition against assignments 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the Obligors are prohibited from assigning 
or purporting to assign to any person other than the Obligor Security Trustee the rights, title, 
interest or benefit of any Obligor Account, any Obligor Transaction Document, any Leasing 
Agreement, any Development Contract or any Insurance Policy. 
Trust for Obligor Secured Creditors 
The Obligor Security Trustee will, subject to the section entitled “— Floating charges held by the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer” immediately below and the remainder of this paragraph, 
hold the benefit of all the security created in its favour and the covenants to pay and the 
Guarantees granted by the Obligors as referred to in “— Covenants to pay and Guarantees”, 
page 171, above, on trust for the benefit of itself and the other Obligor Secured Creditors. 
Furthermore: 
(a) 
the benefit of the security over amounts credited to any Liquidity Facility Reserve Account 
will be held on trust by the Obligor Security Trustee for the benefit of the applicable 
Liquidity Facility Provider so as to secure the repayment of any standby drawing under 
the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(b) 
the benefit of the security over any amount credited to any DCA Ledger designated for 
the Collateralisation of any ICL Loan will be held on trust by the Obligor Security Trustee 
solely for the Issuer, and the benefit of the security over any amount credited to any DCA 
Ledger designated for the Collateralisation of any ACF Loan will be held on trust by the 
Obligor Security Trustee solely for the ACF Provider(s) of the corresponding ACF Loan, 
so as to secure repayment or Actual Prepayment of the corresponding ICL Loan or ACF 
Loan (as the case may be); and

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
(c) 
the Obligor Security Trustee shall hold the benefit of the security over (i) any amount 
credited to any Swap Collateral Account designated in respect of a Swap Counterparty 
on trust for that Swap Counterparty as security for the repayment or redelivery of collateral 
to the Swap Counterparty, and (ii) any amount credited to any Swap Excluded Amount 
Account designated in respect of a Swap Counterparty on trust for that Swap 
Counterparty as security for the obligation of the relevant Obligor to pay (A) an amount 
equal to any tax credit received by an Obligor which falls within paragraph (b) of the 
definition of “Swap Excluded Amounts” and (B) any termination sum due to such Swap 
Counterparty. 
Floating charges held by the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer 
Pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, the Obligor Security Trustee will hold the 
STID Floating Security on trust for the benefit of itself and the other Obligor Secured Creditors 
other than the Issuer. The Issuer will hold the floating charges granted by the Obligors pursuant 
to the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement (the “OFCA Floating Security”) for the benefit of itself 
(see “— Obligor Floating Charge Agreement”, page 214, below) (however, the Note Trustee will 
be the assignee (by way of security) of the OFCA Floating Security pursuant to the Issuer Deed 
of Charge, see “— Issuer Deed of Charge”, page 233, below).  
The OFCA Floating Security (as in the case of the STID Floating Security, see “— Fixed and 
floating security granted by the Obligors”, page 172, above) will be deferred in point of priority to 
all fixed security validly created by the Obligors under the Obligor Security Documents. The OFCA 
Floating Security and the STID Floating Security will rank pari passu with one another and, for 
such purpose, will be expressed to be created simultaneously. 
Enforceability of the floating charges: The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the 
STID Floating Security shall become enforceable during an Enforcement Period (other than a P2 
Enforcement Period) (see “— Loan Enforcement Notice and Enforcement Action”, page 189, 
below 
The Obligor Floating Charge Agreement provides that the OFCA Floating Security shall become 
enforceable by the Note Trustee (by appointing an administrative receiver): 
(a) 
during an Enforcement Period, provided that, if the commencement of an Enforcement 
Period is due to the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice pursuant to a P2 Trigger Event, 
the OFCA Floating Security shall not become enforceable unless and until the occurrence 
of an Enforcement Trigger Event other than a P2 Trigger Event; or 
(b) 
if the Note Trustee has actual notice of an application for the appointment of an 
administrator in respect of an Obligor or has actual notice of the giving of a notice of 
intention to appoint an administrator in respect of an Obligor or has actual notice of the 
filing of a notice of appointment of an administrator of an Obligor with the court. 
Appointment of an administrative receiver: The Obligor Floating Charge Agreement provides that 
the Note Trustee (being the assignee by way of security of the OFCA Floating Security by virtue 
of the Issuer Deed of Charge) shall enforce the OFCA Floating Security in respect of any Obligor, 
by appointing an administrative receiver, if it has actual notice either (i) of an application for the

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
appointment of an administrator, (ii) of the giving of a notice of intention to appoint an 
administrator, in respect of such Obligor or (iii) of the filing of a notice of appointment of an 
administrator in respect of an Obligor with the court, such appointment to take effect upon the 
final day by which the appointment must be made in order to prevent an administration proceeding 
or (where an Obligor or the directors of an Obligor have initiated the administration) not later than 
that final day. 
In addition, the Note Trustee will (subject to “— Indemnity of the Note Trustee” immediately below), 
during an Enforcement Period, enforce the OFCA Floating Security in respect of any Obligor by 
the appointment of an administrative receiver (if the Note Trustee has not already done so 
pursuant to the foregoing). The Note Trustee shall not, however, be entitled to do so if the 
Enforcement Period commences following only a P2 Trigger Event. 
In either case, the Note Trustee shall not be liable for any failure to appoint, save in the case of 
its own negligence, wilful default or fraud. 
Indemnity of the Note Trustee: The Note Trustee shall not be obliged to appoint an administrative 
receiver unless it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. However, the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement provides that, in the event that the Note Trustee is required to enforce the 
OFCA Floating Security by appointing an administrative receiver following receipt of actual notice 
of an application for the appointment of an administrator or actual notice of the giving of a notice 
of intention to appoint an administrator, or has actual notice of the filing of a notice of appointment 
of an administrator in respect of an Obligor with the court, then the Note Trustee agrees that it is 
adequately indemnified and secured in respect of such appointment by virtue of its rights against 
the Obligors under the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement and against the Issuer under the 
Issuer Deed of Charge, and the security it has in respect of such rights. The Obligors covenant in 
the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement that, in the event the Note Trustee appoints an 
administrative receiver by reason of it having actual notice of an application for the appointment 
of an administrator or actual notice of the giving of a notice of intention to appoint an administrator, 
they waive any claims against the Note Trustee in respect of such appointment. 
Appointment of an administrator: The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the 
Obligor Security Trustee shall not (notwithstanding any Secured Creditor Instruction to the 
contrary) make any application to appoint an administrator or give any notice of intention to 
appoint an administrator unless the Note Trustee has agreed to such action. 
Consultation in dealings with administrative receiver of the floating charge assets: Any 
administrative receiver appointed by the Note Trustee pursuant to the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement in respect of any assets over which it is so appointed shall consult with the Obligor 
Security Trustee as holder of the STID Floating Security (being an equal ranking floating charge 
over the same assets) and, if necessary, request the release of such assets from the STID 
Floating Security. The release of any assets (over which the Note Trustee has appointed an 
administrative receiver) from the STID Floating Security upon enforcement of the OFCA Floating 
Security shall constitute the taking of Enforcement Action in respect of the Obligor Security (see 
“— Loan Enforcement Notice and Enforcement Action”, page 189, below). 
Proceeds: The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement 
will provide that the proceeds of enforcement of the OFCA Floating Security by the Note Trustee

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
(or any administrative receiver appointed by it) will be applied, together with any proceeds of 
enforcement of the other Obligor Security by the Obligor Security Trustee (or any Receiver 
appointed by it), in accordance with the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) 
Priority of Payments or the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of 
Payments (as the case may be). Any proceeds of enforcement of the OFCA Floating Security will 
be paid to the Issuer and will be taken into account by the Obligor Security Trustee in ensuring 
that the Issuer recovers no more than its pro rata proportion of the aggregate proceeds of 
enforcement of all Obligor Security. 
Undertakings of the Obligor Secured Creditors and Stakeholders 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, each Obligor Secured Creditor 
(other than the Obligor Security Trustee) undertakes not to: 
(a) 
permit or require any Obligor to discharge any of the Secured Obligations owed to it, save 
to the extent and in the manner permitted by the Common Terms Agreement and the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed (including the Security Group Priority of Payments); 
(b) 
Accelerate, or permit or require any Obligor to Accelerate, pay, prepay (by way of 
Prepayment or otherwise), repay, redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of the 
Secured Obligations owed by such Obligor (including any obligation under any Swap 
Agreement), save (i) to the extent and in the manner permitted by the Common Terms 
Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and (ii) for the mandatory 
prepayment of ACF Loans in the event that it becomes unlawful for an ACF Provider to 
perform any of its obligations as contemplated by the relevant ACF Agreement or to fund 
or maintain any ACF Loan; 
(c) 
take, accept or receive the benefit of any Encumbrance, guarantee, indemnity or other 
assurance against financial loss from any of the Obligors in respect of any of the Secured 
Obligations owed to it, unless it is given pursuant to the terms of the Obligor Security 
Documents; 
(d) 
take, receive or recover from any of the Obligors by cash receipt, set-off, any right of 
combination of accounts, proceedings of any kind or in any other manner whatsoever 
(except, in respect of the Account Bank, the right to net the credit and debit balances of 
the Collection Account and/or any Operating Account as permitted under the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement) the whole or any part of the Secured 
Obligations owed to it, save to the extent expressly permitted by the Common Terms 
Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and any netting or set-off 
expressly permitted under any Swap Agreements (including any collateral arrangements 
relating thereto); 
(e) 
except as permitted by the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed or the Common Terms 
Agreement (as described in the section “— Intercreditor arrangements”, page 180, 
below), agree to any modification to, any consent under or any waiver in respect of any 
breach or proposed breach of, any Obligor Transaction Document to which it is a party; 
or

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
(f) 
take any Enforcement Action in respect of the Obligor Security except in accordance with 
the provisions of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and the other Obligor Security 
Documents. 
Notwithstanding the undertakings described above: 
(a) 
if an ACF Agreement contains provisions requiring any Obligor to make mandatory 
prepayment of ACF Loans following an election by the Issuer to exercise its right to 
redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Ratings Event (see “— Repayment of ICL 
Loans and ACF Loans on Ratings Event”, page 106, above) the prepayment of such ACF 
Loans shall not constitute a breach of the undertakings described above; and 
(b) 
if a Swap Agreement contains provisions permitting a Swap Counterparty to terminate 
the relevant Swap Agreement (or any transactions thereunder) (as described in 
paragraphs (a) to (e) under “— Termination”, page 229, below), the termination of such 
Swap Agreement (or any transactions thereunder) in accordance with those termination 
provisions shall not constitute a breach of the undertakings described above. 
Each Obligor undertakes in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed that it will not do or agree 
to do any act whereby an Obligor Secured Creditor would be in breach of any of (a) to (e) above. 
Each Obligor Secured Creditor agrees that only the Obligor Security Trustee is entitled to deliver 
a Loan Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration Notice, and only the Obligor Security Trustee 
or any Receiver appointed by the Obligor Security Trustee may take Enforcement Action against 
any Obligor (however, the Note Trustee may enforce the OFCA Floating Security as described in 
“Floating charges held by the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer”, page 135, above). The 
Obligor Security Trustee shall not be obliged to do any of the above unless it is instructed to do 
so by a Secured Creditor Instruction and indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction and the 
Note Trustee shall not be obliged to do any of the above unless it is instructed in accordance with 
the Conditions (otherwise than as regards the appointment of an administrative receiver (see “— 
Appointment of an Administrative Receiver”, page 254, below)). 
Each Stakeholder, in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, with respect to any monetary 
claims it may have from time to time against any Obligor (“Stakeholder Claims”), agrees not to: 
(a) 
permit or require any Obligor to discharge, acquire or collateralise any Stakeholder Claim 
owed to it, save to the extent and in the manner permitted by the Common Terms 
Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed (including the Security Group 
Priority of Payments); 
(b) 
take, accept or receive the benefit of any Encumbrance, guarantee, indemnity or other 
assurance against financial loss in respect of any Stakeholder Claim unless the same is 
permitted under the Common Terms Agreement or the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed; or 
(c) 
take, receive or recover from any of the Obligors by cash receipt, set-offs any right of 
combination of accounts, proceedings of any kind or in any other manner whatsoever the 
whole or any part of the Stakeholder Claims owed to it, save to the extent expressly

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
permitted by the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and the Common Terms 
Agreement. 
Intercreditor arrangements 
Modifications, consents or waivers 
The arrangements in respect of modifications, consents or waivers in respect of the Obligor 
Transaction Documents and releases from Obligor Security are illustrated by the flowchart below:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Notes to the Flowchart: 
Note 1: If, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, there is (or may be) a conflict of interest 
as between Noteholders on the one hand and ACF Providers on the other hand or there is (or 
may be) a conflict of interest between Debtholders of different Classes, it may convene separate

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Debtholders’ Meetings in respect of those Noteholders and ACF Providers, or in respect of those 
Classes of Debtholders (as the case may be) as provided in “— Conflict of Interest”, page 198, 
below. 
Note 2: If a Blocking Right has been granted in respect of the modification in question, the Obligor 
Security Trustee shall not concur in making such modification if such Blocking Right has been 
exercised (see “— Specific rights for Swap Counterparties and Liquidity Facility Providers”, page 
184, below and see “— Blocking Rights”, page 197, below). 
Note 3: The ACF Providers (or a requisite majority thereof) shall approve such modification, 
consent or waiver in accordance with their respective ACF Agreement. Any modification to any 
Security Group Priority of Payments will require the consent of each Swap Counterparty and each 
Liquidity Facility Provider (if any) if it changes the ranking of such Swap Counterparty or such 
Liquidity Facility Provider (see “— Specific rights for Swap Counterparties and Liquidity Facility 
Providers”, page 184, below). 
Note 4: A modification, consent or waiver would fall within the category of “Other modification, 
consent or waiver”, as it appears in the above flowchart, if (a) it is not (i) a Basic Terms 
Modification, (ii) made pursuant to an Accepted Restructuring Purpose, (iii) made pursuant to 
Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes, (iv) a Rating Affirmed Matter or (v) a modification or waiver 
of the Financial Covenant, and in respect of which no Blocking Right had been exercised and (b) 
in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee (1) it is required to correct a manifest error, or an 
error in respect of which an English court could reasonably be expected to make a rectification 
order, or it is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or is necessary or desirable for 
the purposes of clarification or (2) it is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Most Senior 
Class of Debtholders (see “— Other modifications, consents or waivers”, page 188, below). 
Note 5: A modification, consent or waiver, which is not (i) a Basic Terms Modification, (ii) made 
pursuant to an Accepted Restructuring Purpose, (iii) made pursuant to Proposed Non-UK 
Structural Changes, (iv) a Rating Affirmed Matter or (v) a modification or waiver of the Financial 
Covenant which must be approved by the Most Senior Class of Debtholders in accordance with 
the mechanics as set out in “— Other modifications, consents or waivers”, page 188, below 
(subject to the exercise of any Blocking Rights). If, however, such modification, waiver or consent 
(i) is made pursuant to an Accepted Restructuring Purpose, (ii) made pursuant to Proposed Non-
UK Structural Changes or (iii) constitutes a Rating Affirmed Matter, but the Ratings Test has not 
been satisfied, then such modification, consent or waiver must be approved by the P1 
Debtholders and P2 Debtholders (as applicable) in accordance with the mechanics as set out in 
“— Rating Affirmed Matters”, page 185, below (subject to Blocking Rights). If the Ratings Test in 
those circumstances has not been sought by the Obligors and the Obligor Security Trustee has 
not exercised its discretion to approve, then the approval of the Most Senior Class of Debtholders 
and the P2 Debtholders (if not the Most Senior Class of Debtholders) will be sought if either such 
Class of Debtholders would be materially prejudiced. 
Consents and Releases against compliant documentation 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the Obligor Security Trustee will, without 
the consent of any Obligor Secured Creditor, the Note Trustee or any Noteholder, give any 
consent under the Obligor Transaction Documents or grant any release from the Obligor Security 
(as applicable) if (i) such consent or release is expressly contemplated in the Common Terms 
Agreement or the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, (ii) the relevant Obligor has complied 
with the procedures set out in the Common Terms Agreement (if any) or the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed for obtaining the Obligor Security Trustee’s consent under the Obligor 
Transaction Document or the grant of any release from the Obligor Security, and (iii) such Obligor 
provides any necessary documentation and/or satisfies any other requirements as set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement or the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Basic Terms Modifications 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that no modification will be made, waiver 
granted or consent given in respect of any Obligor Transaction Documents which relates to or 
has the effect of: 
(a) 
postponing the date of maturity or any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of any Note, any ICL Loan or any ACF Loan; 
(b) 
bringing forward the date of maturity or any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
on any Note, any ICL Loan or any ACF Loan; 
(c) 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect of 
any Note, any ICL Loan or any ACF Loan, or modifying the method of calculating the 
amount of any payment of principal and interest in respect of any Note, any ICL Loan or 
any ACF Loan; 
(d) 
changing the currency in which amounts due in respect of any Note, any ICL Loan or any 
ACF Loan are payable (other than, in respect of any Note, any ICL Loan or any ACF Loan 
payable in sterling, owing to the United Kingdom adopting the euro as its lawful currency); 
(e) 
changing any Security Group Priority of Payments in respect of any Priority 1 Debt, 
Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt relative to each other provided that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the creation or modification of the Secondary Debt Ranks (see “— 
Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above) shall not be a Basic Terms 
Modification; 
(f) 
changing any Issuer Priority of Payments in respect of any Priority 1 Notes, Priority 2 
Notes or Subordinated Notes relative to each other provided that, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the creation or modification of the Secondary Debt Ranks (see “— Ranking of 
Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above) shall not be a Basic Terms Modification; 
(g) 
changing the Sequential Prepayment Regime; 
(h) 
(while a T3 Covenant Regime applies) prepaying Non-Contingent Loans otherwise than 
in accordance with the Sequential Prepayment Regime; 
(i) 
changing the definition of “ACF Providers’ Confirmation”, “Extraordinary Resolution”, 
“Basic Terms Modification”, “Debtholders’ Meeting”, “Secured Creditor Instruction” or 
“Qualifying Debtholders”; 
(j) 
changing the quorum requirement at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(k) 
changing the majority required to approve a proposed Secured Creditor Instruction at a 
Debtholders’ Meeting; or

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
(l) 
effecting the exchange, conversion or substitution of any Note, any ICL Loan or any ACF 
Loan for, or the conversion of such Note, ICL Loan or ACF Loan, into shares, bonds or 
other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any Obligor or any other person or body 
corporate formed or to be formed (other than as expressly contemplated by and in 
accordance with any Transaction Document, including in respect of any Note, in 
accordance with Condition 15(d) (Substitution of the Issuer) and Clause 17 (Substitution 
of the Issuer) of the Trust Deed), 
 (each a “Basic Terms Modification”) unless: 
(1) 
the Note Trustee has confirmed to the Obligor Security Trustee that each Sub-Class of 
Notes (other than any Sub-Class of Notes where all Noteholders are Obligors or Non-
Restricted Group Entities) then outstanding has duly passed an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Conditions) approving such Basic Terms Modification; 
(2) 
each Representative of the ACF Providers has confirmed to the Obligor Security Trustee 
by way of an ACF Providers’ Confirmation that it has been duly instructed by the ACF 
Provider (or the requisite instructing group of ACF Providers) in accordance with the 
relevant ACF Agreement to approve such Basic Terms Modification (provided that the 
Representatives of ACF Providers shall disregard (i) ACF Providers who are Non-
Restricted Group Entities or (ii) Opt-out ACF Providers in giving the aforementioned 
confirmation to the Obligor Security Trustee); and 
(3) 
in respect of any such modification, waiver or consent where the Swap Counterparties 
and/or Liquidity Providers have a Blocking Right, such Blocking Right has not been duly 
exercised. 
Specific rights for Swap Counterparties and Liquidity Facility Providers 
The Obligor Security Trustee shall not, without the consent of the Swap Counterparties or the 
Liquidity Facility Providers (as the case may be), concur in making, granting or giving: 
(a) 
any modification to the terms of the Security Group Priority of Payments which changes 
the ranking of any payment obligation in favour of a Swap Counterparty or a Liquidity 
Facility Provider relative to any payment obligation in favour of any other Obligor Secured 
Creditor; 
(b) 
in the case of the Swap Counterparties only, any modification to the Hedging Covenant 
which (a) would result in the Security Group being hedged for interest rate fluctuations in 
relation to the Non-Contingent Loans in an amount which exceeds the maximum amount 
permitted under the Hedging Covenant (as such amount may be amended from time to 
time with the consent of the Swap Counterparties), or (b) during the course of any 
Enforcement Action, would amend the amount of Swap Transactions required in order for 
the Security Group to be in compliance with the Hedging Covenant; and 
(c) 
any modification, consent or waiver which would (a) impose a new obligation on a Swap 
Counterparty or a Liquidity Facility Provider, (b) result in an increase in the payment 
obligations of a Swap Counterparty or a Liquidity Facility Provider under the Obligor

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Transaction Documents, or (c) make any other obligation of a Swap Counterparty or a 
Liquidity Facility Provider under the Obligor General Transaction Documents more 
onerous. 
Rating Affirmed Matters 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that, upon the request of the Obligors, the 
Obligor Security Trustee will, without the consent of any Obligor Secured Creditor, the Note 
Trustee or any Noteholder (but subject to exercise of any Blocking Rights), permit any of the 
following: 
(a) 
Headroom Tests: drawing, issuing or incurring any Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or 
Unsecured Debt as Permitted Drawings notwithstanding a breach of the relevant 
Headroom Test (see “— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108 et seq. above); 
(b) 
Headroom Tests: modifying any level of LTV, Projected ICR or Historical ICR as 
prescribed in the Headroom Tests (see “— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108 
et seq. above); 
(c) 
Maturity Restrictions: drawing, issuing or incurring, or changing any maturity date of, any 
Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt notwithstanding a breach of the 
Maturity Restrictions (see “— Maturity Restrictions”, page 110, above); 
(d) 
Maturity Restrictions: modifying any of the Maturity Restrictions or any part thereof (see 
“— Maturity Restrictions”, page 110, above); 
(e) 
Liquidity Facility: waiving the requirement to enter into any Liquidity Facility Agreement 
following a breach of the Liquidity Threshold or cancelling any commitment under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement which will result in a breach of the Liquidity Threshold 
(excluding any cancellation which is expressly permitted under the Obligor Transaction 
Documents) (see “— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112 et seq. above); 
(f) 
Liquidity Facility: modifying the Mandatory Liquidity Provisions or any part thereof (see 
“— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112 et seq. above); 
(g) 
Hedging Covenant: waiving the requirement to enter into, entering into or terminating any 
Swap Transaction which will result in a breach of the Hedging Covenant (excluding any 
termination which is expressly permitted under the Obligor Transaction Documents) (see 
“— Swap Agreements and Hedging Covenant”, page 113 et seq. above); 
(h) 
Hedging Covenant: modifying the Hedging Covenant or any part thereof (see “— Swap 
Agreements and Hedging Covenant”, page 113 et seq. above); 
(i) 
Changes in Applicable Accounting Principles: modifying the Tier Thresholds (or any part 
thereof), or any level of LTV, Projected ICR or Historical ICR as prescribed in the 
Headroom Test or the Financial Covenant, pursuant to the adoption of the Proposed 
Accounting Principles which requires an Accounting Principles Confirmation (see “— 
Changes in Applicable Accounting Principles”, page 131, above);

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
(j) 
Testing: modifying any Tier Threshold (or any part thereof), or any level of P1 LTV as 
prescribed in the P1 Debt Test (see “— The Tier Tests”, page 125 et seq. above); 
(k) 
Property Covenants: conducting any Dealing which will result in a breach of any Property 
Covenant, the covenant regarding Acquisitions (see “— Acquisitions”, page 150, above) 
or the covenant regarding Lease Surrenders (see “— Lease Surrenders”, page 150, 
above) or which is to be disregarded for the purpose of considering whether a Property 
Covenant, the covenant regarding Acquisition or the covenant regarding Lease 
Surrenders has been breached (see “— Property Covenants”, page 137 et seq. above); 
(l) 
Property Covenants: modifying any of the Property Covenants, the covenant regarding 
Acquisitions (see “— Acquisitions”, page 150 above) or the covenant regarding Lease 
Surrenders (see “— Lease Surrenders”, page 150, above) or any part thereof (see “— 
Property Covenants”, page 137 et seq. above); 
(m) 
Restricted Payments from Sales Proceeds: making a Restricted Payment with any part 
of the Sales Proceeds relating to any Disposal or Deemed Disposal not otherwise 
permitted in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement (see “— Additional negative 
covenants of the Obligors”, page 148, above); 
(n) 
Restricted Payments: (while the Final T3 Covenant Regime applies) making a Restricted 
Payment, other than a payment made solely from the net proceeds of issue of equity in 
an Obligor and/or the incurrence of Subordinated Debt and/or Unsecured Debt (see “— 
Final T3 Covenants”, page 152, above); and 
(o) 
Remedy of Financial Covenant: the Obligors taking any action not otherwise specified in 
the Common Terms Agreement to remedy the breach of the Financial Covenant (see “— 
Remedy of Financial Covenant”, page 169, above), 
(each a “Rating Affirmed Matter”) provided that, in each case, the Ratings Test in respect of 
such Rating Affirmed Matter has been satisfied. 
Further, the Obligor Security Trustee shall not concur in the Rating Affirmed Matter if a Blocking 
Right has been given in respect of such matter and such Blocking Right has been exercised or if 
the matter constitutes a Basic Terms Modification, a modification pursuant to an Accepted 
Restructuring Purpose or a Proposed Non-UK Structural Change or a modification or waiver of 
the Financial Covenant and the requirements relating to the implementation of such modification, 
consent or waiver have not been satisfied. 
No confirmation from Rating Agencies: If a modification, consent or waiver constitutes a Rating 
Affirmed Matter, but: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee has not received the necessary confirmation(s) from the 
Rating Agency (or Rating Agencies) that the Ratings Test has been satisfied in relation 
thereto; or 
(b) 
the Obligors have not sought such confirmation,

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
then the Obligor Security Trustee shall not concur in making such modification, give such consent 
or grant such waiver unless: 
(i) 
in the case of (a) above, (1) the Note Trustee confirms (a “P1/P2 Noteholder 
Confirmation”) to the Obligor Security Trustee that Noteholders who are part of 
P1 Debtholders and Noteholders who are part of P2 Debtholders have duly 
passed Extraordinary Resolutions approving such modification, waiver or 
consent, and (2) each Representative of ACF Providers who are P1 Debtholders 
and P2 Debtholders confirms (a “P1/P2 ACF Providers’ Confirmation”) to the 
Obligor Security Trustee by way of an ACF Providers’ Confirmation that it has 
been duly instructed by such ACF Providers (or the requisite instructing group of 
ACF Providers) to approve such modification, consent or waiver; or 
(ii) 
in the case of (b) above, either (1) in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee 
it is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Most Senior Class of 
Debtholders and the P2 Debtholders (if not the Most Senior Class of Debtholders) 
(and, in determining material prejudice, the Obligor Security Trustee shall be 
entitled to have regard to whether, among other things, the Ratings Test is 
satisfied), or (2) to the extent that the interests of either the Most Senior Class of 
Debtholders or the P2 Debtholders (if not the Most Senior Class of Debtholders) 
are materially prejudiced, the Note Trustee and the Representatives of the ACF 
Providers who are P1 Debtholders and P2 Debtholders provide to the Obligor 
Security Trustee a P1/P2 Noteholder Confirmation and a P1/P2 ACF Providers’ 
Confirmation, respectively, 
provided in each case that the Representatives of ACF Providers shall disregard (i) ACF Providers 
who are Non-Restricted Group Entities or (ii) Opt-out ACF Providers in giving the aforementioned 
confirmation to the Obligor Security Trustee. 
Restructuring 
The Obligor Security Trustee will in certain circumstances concur in making modifications to the 
Obligor Transaction Documents for an Accepted Restructuring Purpose or in order to effect 
Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes (see “— Restructuring of the Security Group and the 
Estate”, page 99, above). 
Notwithstanding the above, if any part of the Proposed Restructuring Modifications or the 
Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications also constitutes any Basic Terms Modification, the 
Obligor Security Trustee shall not concur in making such Proposed Restructuring Modifications 
or the Proposed Non UK Obligor Modifications unless the conditions for the Obligor Security 
Trustee to concur in making a Basic Terms Modification (as set out in the section entitled “— Basic 
Terms Modifications”, page 183, above) are satisfied. 
Furthermore, if any part of the Proposed Restructuring Modifications or the Proposed Non-UK 
Obligor Modifications involves a modification over which a Blocking Right has been given in 
respect of such modification, the Obligor Security Trustee shall not concur in making such 
Proposed Restructuring Modifications or the Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications (as the case 
may be) if such Blocking Right has been exercised (see “— Blocking Rights”, page 197, below).

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
If the Obligor Security Trustee has not received the necessary confirmation(s) from the Rating 
Agency (or Rating Agencies, as applicable) that the Ratings Test has been satisfied in respect of 
the Proposed Restructuring Modifications or the Proposed Non-UK Obligor Modifications (or the 
Obligors have not sought such confirmation), then neither the Obligor Security Trustee nor the 
Note Trustee shall concur in making, or be obliged to effect in any way, such modification unless 
the conditions as set out in “— No confirmation from Rating Agencies”, page 186, above have 
been satisfied. 
Modification and waiver of the Financial Covenant 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed will provide that the Obligor Security Trustee shall not 
concur in making a modification to, or grant a waiver in respect of a breach or a proposed breach 
of the Financial Covenant unless (and then only if no Blocking Right in relation thereto has been 
exercised) it has been instructed by a Secured Creditor Instruction duly approved at a 
Debtholders’ Meeting. 
Such a proposed Secured Creditor Instruction shall be approved if more than 50% of the votes 
(determined on a pound-for-pound basis by Principal Amounts Outstanding (see the section 
entitled “— Pound-for-pound voting”, page 196, below)) cast in the Debtholders’ Meeting by 
Representatives of all Debtholders (being the “Qualifying Debtholders” for the purposes of such 
Debtholders’ Meeting) are in favour of such proposed Secured Creditor Instruction and shall be 
binding on all Obligor Secured Creditors (subject to the section entitled “— Conflict of Interest”, 
page 198, below). 
Other modifications, consents or waivers 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed will provide that the Obligor Security Trustee may in its 
discretion concur in making any other modification to, give any other consent under, or grant any 
other waiver in respect of any breach or a proposed breach of any Obligor General Transaction 
Document if: 
(a) 
in its opinion, it is required to correct a manifest error, or an error in respect of which an 
English court could reasonably be expected to make a rectification order, or it is of a 
formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or is necessary or desirable for the 
purposes of clarification; or 
(b) 
such modification, consent or waiver is not, in the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Most Senior Class of Debtholders. 
However, the Obligor Security Trustee shall not concur in making a modification, give any consent 
or grant any waiver in respect of any breach or potential breach of any Obligor General 
Transaction Document if a Blocking Right has been given in respect of such modification, waiver 
or consent and such Blocking Right has been exercised, or if the matter constitutes a Basic Terms 
Modification, a Rating Affirmed Matter, is made pursuant to an Accepted Restructuring Purpose 
or a Proposed Non UK Structural Change or if it constitutes a modification or waiver of the 
Financial Covenant.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
In exercising its discretion to concur in making such modification to, give such consent under, or 
grant such waiver in respect of any breach or proposed breach of, any Obligor General 
Transaction Document, the Obligor Security Trustee shall be entitled to have regard to the Ratings 
Test if, in any particular circumstance, it considers that the Ratings Test is an appropriate test or 
the only appropriate test to apply in that particular circumstance in exercising such discretion. 
Furthermore, if neither (a) nor (b) above applies, the Obligor Security Trustee shall (subject to the 
exercise of any Blocking Rights and the provisions relating to Basic Terms Modifications, Rating 
Affirmed Matters, Accepted Restructuring Purpose and Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes, 
and modifications or waivers of the Financial Covenant) concur in making any modification to, 
give any consent under or grant any waiver in respect of any Obligor Transaction Document, 
provided that: 
(i) 
(if there is any Class of Noteholders that is part of the Most Senior Class of 
Debtholders) the Note Trustee has confirmed to the Obligor Security Trustee that 
such Class of Noteholders has duly passed an Extraordinary Resolution 
approving such modification, consent or waiver; and 
(ii) 
(if any ACF Provider is a member of the Most Senior Class of Debtholders) each 
Representative of any ACF Provider who is a member of the Most Senior Class 
of Debtholders has confirmed to the Obligor Security Trustee by way of an ACF 
Providers’ Confirmation that it has been duly instructed by the ACF Provider (or 
the requisite instructing group of ACF Providers) in accordance with the relevant 
ACF Agreement to approve such modification, consent or waiver (provided that 
the Representatives of ACF Providers shall disregard (i) ACF Providers who are 
Non Restricted Group Entities or (ii) Opt-out ACF Providers in giving the 
aforementioned confirmation to the Obligor Security Trustee). 
Otherwise than pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed or the Common Terms 
Agreement, and in accordance with the restrictions therein contained, all as described above, no 
modifications may be made, or waivers or consents given in respect of, the Obligor General 
Transaction Documents. This is without prejudice to (i) the restrictions described above relating 
more broadly to all Obligor Transaction Documents, whether or not Obligor General Transaction 
Documents, and (ii) the modification of any Obligor Transaction Document (other than an Obligor 
General Transaction Document) by agreement amongst the parties thereto provided such is not 
restricted by the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
If any modifications to the Common Terms Agreement and/or the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed are made in accordance with the above provisions, the Obligor Security Trustee is 
authorised by all relevant Obligor Secured Creditor(s) to execute the modifying documentation on 
its or their behalf (and such execution shall bind all relevant Obligor Secured Creditors). 
Loan Enforcement Notice and Enforcement Action 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that, following the occurrence of any 
Enforcement Trigger Event (as defined below) and whilst it is continuing (or, in the case of any 
Enforcement Trigger Event other than a failure to pay any amount due in respect of Priority 2 Debt 
as mentioned in paragraph (a)(iii) below, whilst such Enforcement Trigger Event is continuing as

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
at the most recent Tier Test Calculation Date or Additional Calculation Date (whichever is the most 
recent)), the Obligor Security Trustee shall, if instructed to do so by a Secured Creditor Instruction, 
deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice and, following the delivery of such Loan Enforcement Notice, 
take any Enforcement Action. 
During an Enforcement Period, the whole of the Obligor Security shall become enforceable 
provided that, if the commencement of an Enforcement Period is due to the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice pursuant to a P2 Trigger Event, the STID Floating Security and the OFCA 
Floating Security shall not become enforceable unless and until the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice pursuant to a P1 Trigger Event or an Obligor Event of Default. 
When the Obligor Security Trustee has actual notice of any Enforcement Trigger Event, it shall 
convene a Debtholders’ Meeting, at which the relevant Qualifying Debtholders (as defined below) 
may decide whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice 
and/or take any Enforcement Action. 
Further details concerning the enforceability of the OFCA Floating Security and the taking of 
Enforcement Action in respect thereof are set out in the section entitled “— Floating charges held 
by the Obligor Security Trustee and the Issuer”, page 176, above. 
The “Enforcement Trigger Events” are: 
(a) 
if there is any Priority 2 Debt outstanding: 
(i) 
as of a Tier Test Calculation Date or an Additional Calculation Date, the LTV (or 
Additional LTV, as the case may be) calculated as of that day (ignoring for the 
purposes of such calculation all Financial Indebtedness other than outstanding 
Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt) exceeds 85%; 
(ii) 
as of a Tier Test Calculation Date or an Additional Calculation Date, the Projected 
ICR (or Additional Projected ICR, as the case may be) calculated as of that day 
(ignoring for the purposes of such calculation all Financial Indebtedness other 
than outstanding Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt) is equal to or less than 
1.15:1; or 
(iii) 
an Obligor fails to pay when due any amount in respect of any Priority 2 Debt 
(excluding, in the case of any principal amounts, amounts falling due by reason 
of any Acceleration of the Priority 2 Debt) (a “P2 Non-Payment Event”) provided 
that no such P2 Non-Payment Event shall occur if the due amount is paid within 
ten Business Days of its due date, 
(each a “P2 Trigger Event”); or 
(b) 
if there is any Priority 1 Debt outstanding as of a Tier Test Calculation Date or an Additional 
Calculation Date:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
(i) 
the LTV (or Additional LTV, as the case may be) calculated as of that day (ignoring 
for the purposes of such calculation all Financial Indebtedness other than 
outstanding Priority 1 Debt) exceeds 85%; 
(ii) 
the Projected ICR (or Additional Projected ICR, as the case may be) calculated 
as of that day (ignoring for the purposes of such calculation all Financial 
Indebtedness other than outstanding Priority 1 Debt) is equal to or less than 
1.15:1; or 
(iii) 
the LTV (or Additional LTV, as the case may be) calculated as of that day (ignoring 
for the purposes of such calculation all Financial Indebtedness other than 
outstanding Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt) exceeds 100%, 
(each a “P1 Trigger Event”); or 
(c) 
the occurrence of an Obligor Event of Default other than a P2 Non-Payment Event (for 
the avoidance of doubt, a failure to pay any amount which would have been a P2 Non-
Payment Event but for the exception provided under paragraph (a)(iii) above shall 
nonetheless be an Obligor Event of Default if such failure to pay falls within paragraph (a) 
of the definition of “Obligor Event of Default”). 
Notwithstanding any Secured Creditor Instruction, unless and until the Obligor Security Trustee 
is instructed to deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice and/or take such Enforcement Action as 
instructed (and is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction), it shall not be under any 
obligation to do so. 
The Obligor Security Trustee shall deliver a Loan Enforcement Notice if: 
(a) 
in respect of a Loan Enforcement Notice proposed to be delivered pursuant to a P1 
Trigger Event or a P2 Trigger Event, the Obligor Security Trustee convenes separate 
Debtholders’ Meetings for the P1 Debtholders and the P2 Debtholders and more than 66 
2/3% of votes cast by P1 Debtholders are in favour and/or more than 66 2/3% of votes 
cast by P2 Debtholders are in favour of such Secured Creditor Instruction; or 
(b) 
in any other case, if more than 66 2/3% of votes cast by the Most Senior Class of 
Debtholders are in favour of such Secured Creditor Instruction, 
where voting is determined in each case on a pound-for-pound basis by reference to the Principal 
Amounts Outstanding (see the section entitled “— Pound-for-pound voting”, page 196, below) 
(subject to “— Conflict of Interest”, page 198, below).). 
Following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice, the Obligor Security Trustee shall take such 
Enforcement Action (including, inter alia, the appointment of any Receiver in respect of the Obligor 
Security held by it (or refrain from doing so) and the granting of consent by the Obligor Security 
Trustee to an administrative receiver appointed by the Note Trustee for dealings by such 
administrative receiver in respect of assets over which such administrative receiver is appointed 
and, if necessary, the release of such assets from the STID Floating Security) as instructed by a 
Secured Creditor Instruction approved in a Debtholders’ Meeting, with more than 66 2/3% of the

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
votes (determined on a pound-for-pound basis by Principal Amounts Outstanding (see the section 
entitled “— Pound-for-pound voting”, page 196, below) cast in the Debtholders’ Meeting by 
Representatives of the relevant Qualifying Debtholders (but subject to the section entitled “— 
Conflict of Interest”, page 198, below).)). 
The “Qualifying Debtholders” for the purpose of a Debtholders’ Meeting for approving any 
proposed Secured Creditor Instruction for the taking of any Enforcement Action are: 
(a) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice delivered pursuant to the occurrence 
of a P2 Trigger Event (for so long as there is any Priority 2 Debt outstanding), the P2 
Debtholders until: 
(i) 
the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice delivered pursuant to the occurrence 
of a P1 Trigger Event (if there is any Priority 1 Debt outstanding at such time), 
when the Qualifying Debtholders become the P1 Debtholders; or 
(ii) 
the delivery of a Loan Acceleration Notice, when the Qualifying Debtholders 
become the Most Senior Class of Debtholders; 
(b) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice delivered pursuant to the occurrence 
of a P1 Trigger Event (if there is any Priority 1 Debt outstanding at such time), the P1 
Debtholders; and 
(c) 
following the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice in any other case (including upon the 
occurrence of any Obligor Event of Default other than a P2 Non-Payment Event), the 
Most Senior Class of Debtholders (unless a Loan Enforcement Notice has previously 
been delivered pursuant to a P2 Trigger Event, in which case the Qualifying Debtholders 
continue to be the P2 Debtholders until such time as described in paragraph (a) or (b) 
above). 
If any Receiver appointed pursuant to a Secured Creditor Instruction wishes to consult the Obligor 
Security Trustee on the conduct of the receivership, it may do so provided that the Obligor Security 
Trustee shall only be obliged so to consult if it is instructed by a Secured Creditor Instruction from 
the Qualifying Debtholders (from time to time). 
P2 Enforcement Period 
In respect of any Secured Creditor Instruction (given by the P2 Debtholders) following the 
occurrence of a P2 Trigger Event appointing any Receiver(s) and instructing such Receiver(s) to 
dispose of any Mortgaged Property, the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed shall set out certain 
instructions which any Receiver(s) are required to comply with to seek to ensure that it/they act(s) 
prudently and in the interests of all Obligor Secured Creditors. 
During a P2 Enforcement Period, any Receiver appointed shall be required to devise, and report 
as soon as reasonably practicable to the Representatives of all Debtholders on, a plan for the 
orderly disposal of Mortgaged Properties (and related Intellectual Property Rights) and the 
prepayment or repayment of Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt (and items appearing above them 
in the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments) sufficient to

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
reduce the LTV to less than 80%, to increase the Projected ICR to at least 1.2:1 and to increase 
Historical ICR or the Pro Forma Historical ICR to at least 1.2:1. 
A Receiver appointed during a P2 Enforcement Period shall have all the powers given to him 
pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed or otherwise, provided that while the 
Receiver is implementing the disposal plan, it shall exercise those powers only in respect of the 
Mortgaged Properties and the Intellectual Property Rights, and only to the extent necessary to 
carry out such plan. 
Removal of a Receiver 
The Obligors are entitled to require that any Receiver appointed by the Obligor Security Trustee 
in respect of any Obligor’s assets pursuant to a P2 Trigger Event be removed from office if: 
(a) 
there is no longer any Enforcement Trigger Event and no Obligor Event of Default which 
is continuing unwaived; and 
(b) 
pursuant to the Tier Tests carried out on the latest Tier Test Calculation Date the LTV was 
no more than 80%, the Projected ICR was at least 1.2:1 and the Historical ICR or the Pro 
Forma Historical ICR was at least 1.2:1. 
If two directors of the Principal Obligor certify to the Obligor Security Trustee as mentioned in (a) 
and (b) above, the Obligor Security Trustee shall, as soon as practicable and in consultation with 
the Principal Obligor, remove such Receiver from office, at which time the Enforcement Period 
shall end. 
Acceleration of Secured Obligations 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the Obligor Security Trustee shall (if 
instructed to do so by a Secured Creditor Instruction) Accelerate all Secured Obligations (with the 
exception of Swap Transactions, provided that certain other conditions are met (as detailed in the 
section entitled “Termination” below)), by giving a Loan Acceleration Notice to the Obligors, 
following the occurrence of a P1 Trigger Event (if there is any Priority 1 Debt outstanding) and 
whilst such P1 Trigger Event is continuing as at the most recent Tier Test Calculation Date or 
Additional Calculation Date (whichever is the most recent) or if an Obligor Event of Default shall 
have occurred and whilst it is continuing. 
Unless and until the Obligor Security Trustee is instructed to deliver a Loan Acceleration Notice 
(and is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction), it shall not be under any obligation to do 
so. 
A proposed Secured Creditor Instruction to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to deliver a Loan 
Acceleration Notice shall be approved following the occurrence of a P1 Trigger Event (if there is 
any Priority 1 Debt Outstanding) or if an Obligor Event of Default has occurred and whilst it is 
continuing, shall be approved if more than 50% of the votes (determined on a pound-for-pound 
basis by reference to Principal Amounts Outstanding (see the section entitled “— Pound-for-
pound voting”, page 196, below)) cast in the Debtholders’ Meeting by Representatives of the Most 
Senior Class of Debtholders (being the “Qualifying Debtholders” for the purposes of such

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
Debtholders’ Meeting) are in favour of such proposed Secured Creditor Instruction and shall be 
binding on all Obligor Secured Creditors (subject to the section entitled “— Conflict of Interest”, 
page 198, below).). 
P1 ICL Call Option 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the Issuer and the Note Trustee shall 
grant a call option in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee (to be held on trust for the benefit of 
those ACF Providers from time to time providing ACF Loans constituting Priority 2 Debt (the “P2 
ACF Providers”)). Such call option (the “P1 ICL Call Option”) is exercisable following the delivery 
of a Loan Acceleration Notice. The P1 ICL Call Option gives the P2 ACF Providers the entitlement 
(but not the obligation) to purchase (by way of novation to the Exercising ACF Providers (as 
defined below) or any nominated entity approved by the Exercising ACF Providers) the Issuer’s 
(and the Note Trustee’s) rights, title and interest in all (but not some only) ICL Loans 
corresponding to Priority 1 Notes (the “Priority 1 ICL Loans”) (to the extent of principal and 
interest, but excluding the Issuer’s rights to any Ongoing Facility Fee, which will continue to be 
held by the Issuer (and assigned to the Note Trustee by way of security)), at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of mandatory 
redemption of the Priority 1 Notes (see below). 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that any one or more P2 ACF Providers (the 
“Exercising ACF Providers”), may (through their Representative(s)) exercise the P1 ICL Call 
Option, whereupon the Exercising ACF Providers shall be obliged to purchase all Priority 1 ICL 
Loans outstanding. Once the Exercising ACF Providers (through their Representative(s)) have 
approved the exercise of the P1 ICL Call Option, the Obligor Security Trustee shall, following 
receipt of all funds required for the exercise of the P1 ICL Call Option, instruct the Issuer and the 
Note Trustee to assign their rights, title and interest in the Priority 1 ICL Loans (to the extent of 
any rights, title and interest in principal and interest) to the Exercising ACF Providers (or its 
nominated entity) against receipt of the exercise price and if there are more than one Exercising 
ACF Providers, pro rata according to the portion of the Exercise Price paid by each Exercising 
ACF Provider. 
Upon the exercise of the P1 ICL Call Option, funds received by the Issuer from the exercise of 
the P1 ICL Call Option shall be applied towards mandatory redemption of all Priority 1 Notes in 
accordance with Condition 8(e) (Mandatory Redemption on Prepayment or Acceleration under 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed). 
Noteholders holding Priority 1 Notes shall, by virtue of the mandatory redemption as described 
above, no longer be Qualifying Debtholders. The persons acquiring the Priority 1 ICL Loans shall 
then become Qualifying Debtholders in respect of the Principal Outstanding Amounts in respect 
of such loans, save that such loans shall be treated as Priority 1 ACF Loans for such purposes. 
The Issuer (and the Note Trustee, as assignee by way of security), following the exercise of the 
P1 ICL Call Option, will continue to have claims against the Security Group in respect of the 
Ongoing Facility Fee, as well as any ICL Loans other than the Priority 1 ICL Loans.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
Removal of the Obligor Security Trustee 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the Obligor Security Trustee may be 
removed by way of a Secured Creditor Instruction. However, the removal shall not be effective 
until a successor trustee (such successor trustee must be a trust corporation or a professional 
corporate trustee of repute) is appointed (after consultation with the Obligors) either by way of a 
Secured Creditor Instruction or, in certain circumstances, by the outgoing Obligor Security 
Trustee. 
Such proposed Secured Creditor Instruction shall be approved if more than 50% of the votes 
(determined on a pound-for-pound basis (see the section entitled “— Pound-for-pound voting”, 
page 196, below, by reference to Principal Amounts Outstanding)) cast in the Debtholders’ 
Meeting by Representatives of the Most Senior Class of Debtholders (being the “Qualifying 
Debtholders” for the purposes of such Debtholders’ Meeting) are in favour of such proposed 
Secured Creditor Instruction and shall be binding on all Obligor Secured Creditors (subject to the 
section entitled “— Conflict of Interest”, page 198, below).). 
Secured Creditor Instructions and Debtholders’ Meetings 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that a Secured Creditor Instruction is the 
mechanism used to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to concur to a modification or to grant a 
waiver of the Financial Covenant, the delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice or a Loan 
Acceleration Notice by the Obligor Security Trustee, the taking of Enforcement Action including 
giving directions regarding the conduct of any receivership and the withdrawal of any notice given 
by the Obligor Security Trustee to convert the STID Floating Security into fixed charges (as 
permitted by the terms of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed) and the removal of the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the appointment of a successor thereof. 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that a proposed Secured Creditor Instruction 
will become effective if it is approved in a Debtholders’ Meeting (or, if required, each separate 
Debtholders’ Meeting (see the section entitled “— Conflict of Interest”, page 198, below)) by the 
relevant Qualifying Debtholders (see the foregoing paragraphs for the identity of the Qualifying 
Debtholders in each case). 
A Debtholders’ Meeting may be convened by any Obligor, the Obligor Security Trustee or upon 
request in writing to the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer, the Note Trustee, any ACF 
Provider(s) providing ACF Loans having aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of at least 10% 
of the aggregate Principal Amounts Outstanding of all ACF Loans then outstanding (the 
“Aggregate ACF PAO”), or any Noteholder(s) holding Notes (through an instruction to the Note 
Trustee) with an aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of at least 10% of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes then outstanding (the “Aggregate Notes PAO”) 
(provided that in each case the ACF Providers or the Noteholders (as the case may be) must 
provide or hold not less than 5% of the sum of the Aggregate Notes PAO and the Aggregate ACF 
PAO). 
The Obligor Security Trustee shall give 21 clear days’ notice to all Representatives of the relevant 
Qualifying Debtholders of any Debtholders’ Meetings (including the Note Trustee, as the 
Representative for Noteholders who are Qualifying Debtholders) and the proposed Secured

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Creditor Instruction to be voted on thereat. If the proposed Secured Creditor Instruction involves 
a matter which is affected by a Blocking Right, the Obligor Security Trustee shall give notice of 
such Debtholders’ Meeting only after the expiry of the period for the exercise of the relevant 
Blocking Right, or the notification from all ACF Providers entitled to exercise such Blocking Right 
(through their Representative) to the Obligor Security Trustee that the relevant Blocking Right will 
not be exercised, whichever is the earlier. The Obligor Security Trustee will give notice of the 
proposal to the holders of Blocking Rights promptly after the relevant request for the convening 
of a Debtholders’ Meeting. 
Such proposed Secured Creditor Instruction shall (absent the exercise of an applicable Blocking 
Right) be approved if the requisite percentage of votes cast in the relevant Debtholders’ Meeting 
by Representatives of the relevant Qualifying Debtholders are in favour of such proposed Secured 
Creditor Instruction, provided that, if there are Noteholders who are Qualifying Debtholders, such 
proposed Secured Creditor Instruction shall only be approved if the Note Trustee confirms to the 
Obligor Security Trustee that the quorum requirement for a meeting of Noteholders convened to 
instruct the Note Trustee to vote in a Debtholders’ Meeting has been met (that is, one or more 
persons holding or representing Notes having an aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of no 
less than 25% of each relevant Sub-Class of Notes or, at any adjourned meeting of Noteholders, 
one or more persons being or representing Noteholders, whatever the principal amount of the 
relevant Notes held or represented (see Condition 15(d) (Substitution of the Issuer) of the Notes) 
(the “Quorum Requirement”)). If the Notes are in global form and no physical meeting of the 
relevant Noteholders is held, the Quorum Requirement will be satisfied if the Note Trustee has 
received instructions from the relevant Noteholders in a principal amount at least equal to the 
relevant Quorum Requirement. Such instructions will be given to the Note Trustee through the 
clearing systems in accordance with the Trust Deed. 
Pound-for-pound voting 
In a Debtholders’ Meeting, voting by Qualifying Debtholders shall be determined on a pound for 
pound basis by Principal Amounts Outstanding then owed to the relevant Qualifying Debtholders, 
so that all votes in favour of the proposal and against the proposal (across Noteholders and ACF 
Providers), irrespective of whether a majority of Noteholders or ACF Providers are in favour of or 
against the proposal, are considered on an aggregated basis. 
Although the Issuer is an Obligor Secured Creditor of the Security Group in respect of its Secured 
Obligations (being the ICL Loans provided to FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement), 
pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer has assigned by way of security its interest in 
the ICL Loans and the security therefor to the Note Trustee for the benefit of, inter alios, the 
Noteholders. Therefore the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that certain Class or 
Classes of Noteholders (to the extent that they are Qualified Debtholders and subject to the next 
paragraph) will be able to vote in Debtholders’ Meetings rather than the Issuer. The Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed also provides that ACF Providers (to the extent they are Qualifying 
Debtholders and subject to the next paragraph) can vote in Debtholders’ Meetings, but no other 
Obligor Secured Creditor shall be entitled to vote in any Debtholders’ Meeting. 
The Qualifying Debtholders will vote at a Debtholders’ Meeting through their Representatives. 
The Note Trustee shall act as the Representative of the relevant Noteholders in any Debtholders’

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Meeting. The Representatives of the ACF Providers shall be designated in the relevant ACF 
Agreement and Creditor Accession Deed. 
If any Noteholder is a Qualifying Debtholder in any Debtholders’ Meeting, then for the purpose of 
voting in the Debtholders’ Meeting, the Note Trustee (pursuant to the Conditions and Trust Deed) 
shall convene a meeting of Noteholders of any relevant Class or Sub-Class of Notes to consider 
any proposed Secured Creditor Instruction to be voted on at such Debtholders’ Meeting and to 
instruct the Note Trustee to vote on the relevant proposal (see Condition 15(b) (Debtholders’ 
Meetings). The Note Trustee shall then vote in accordance with the instructions given at the 
meeting of Noteholders as instructed by the relevant Noteholders, irrespective of whether the 
votes in favour of (or against) the proposal form a majority as between Noteholders. 
If a Representative is representing more than one ACF Provider in a Debtholders’ Meeting relating 
to a proposed Secured Creditor Instruction, it shall also vote in favour of and against the relevant 
proposed Secured Creditor Instruction, as instructed by the ACF Providers in accordance with the 
relevant ACF Agreement. 
If any Note held by any Qualifying Debtholder or any ACF Loan provided by any Qualifying 
Debtholder is denominated in any currency other than sterling, the Obligor Security Trustee shall, 
for the purpose of determining votes cast in a Debtholders’ Meeting, determine the exchange rate 
to convert the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note or ACF Loan into sterling, such 
exchange rate being the most recent exchange rate for converting the ICL Loan corresponding to 
the relevant Note or the ACF Loan into sterling for the purpose of calculating the Security Group 
Net Debt Outstanding (see “— Currency Conversion Rates and Unhedged Sterling Interest 
Charges”, page 133, above). 
Blocking Rights 
An Obligor may grant to any ACF Provider, under any ACF Agreement, rights of veto (“Blocking 
Rights”) in respect of any modification, consent or waiver which may otherwise be made, granted 
or given under the Common Terms Agreement (including positive and negative covenants) and 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, and FinCo has granted to the Existing ACF Providers 
under the Existing ACF Agreement certain such Blocking Rights. Where a Blocking Right has 
been granted, the Obligor Security Trustee shall not concur in making any modification, give any 
consent, or grant any waiver in respect of breaches or potential breaches which may otherwise 
be made or given by the Obligor Security Trustee if the relevant ACF Providers have exercised 
such Blocking Right (by notifying the Obligor Security Trustee (through its Representative) of its 
objection to the proposed modification, consent or waiver within 14 days of notification from the 
Obligor Security Trustee or an Obligor regarding the proposal for such modification, consent or 
waiver). 
If an Obligor has agreed that it will notify any Representative of an ACF Provider which has been 
granted a Blocking Right of any proposal by such Obligor which would entitle such ACF Provider 
to exercise such Blocking Right, it shall notify the Obligor Security Trustee at the same time as it 
notifies such ACF Provider.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Any such Blocking Right may, in accordance with the relevant ACF Agreement, be exercisable by 
any ACF Provider, by a requisite majority of ACF Providers or by every ACF Provider unanimously, 
in each case in accordance with the relevant ACF Agreement. 
In order for such Blocking Right to be effective, such ACF Agreement shall state that such 
Blocking Right has been provided pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, and the 
relevant Obligor together with the relevant ACF Provider shall notify the Obligor Security Trustee 
jointly in writing of the Blocking Right(s) which has/have been provided to the relevant ACF 
Provider(s). 
In addition, the Obligors have granted the Swap Counterparties and the Liquidity Facility Providers 
the specific rights described in “Specific rights for Swap Counterparties and Liquidity Facility 
Providers”, page 184, above and any references to Blocking Rights in this document shall include 
such specific rights.  
Any purported modification made, waiver granted or consent given in respect of the Obligor 
Transaction Documents will not be valid if a Blocking Right has been exercised in accordance 
with the terms of the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
Conflict of Interest 
In situations where the Qualifying Debtholders for a Debtholders’ Meeting consist of both 
Noteholders and ACF Providers or of different Classes or Sub-Classes of Debtholders, which, in 
the opinion of the Obligor Security Trustee, gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between 
such Qualifying Debtholders, it may, in its discretion, convene separate Debtholders’ Meetings in 
respect of each Class of Qualifying Debtholders, each Class of Noteholders, or each Class of 
ACF Providers (or, in each case, each Sub-Class thereof (if any)). In such circumstances, a 
proposed Secured Creditor Instruction shall only be approved if, in lieu of being approved at a 
single Debtholders’ Meeting, it is duly approved (by the same requisite majority as applies to the 
single Debtholders’ Meeting) at separate Debtholders’ Meetings of each Class of Qualifying 
Debtholders, Noteholders or ACF Providers (or, as the case may be, each Sub-Class thereof (if 
any)). 
Security Group Priority of Payments 
Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, each Obligor agrees that, prior to the 
enforcement of the Obligor Security, the Security Group will not: 
(a) 
on any day where there is a Shortfall (as defined below), pay any item in the Security 
Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments unless and until it has paid in full, and to the 
extent the same has fallen due and payable on or before that day, each item that appears 
above the relevant item; or 
(b) 
on any day, pay any sum in respect of the last item in the Security Group Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments unless and until it has paid in full, to the extent the same has fallen

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
due and payable on or before that day, each other item in the Security Group Pre-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, 
provided that it is not necessary for the Obligors to pay amounts due and payable on any given 
day described in paragraph (e) below before paying any other amount due and payable in the 
Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments on the same day, if the Obligors would still 
be able to pay such amounts with Available Cash (as defined below) after paying any such other 
amount on that day. 
For the purpose of the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments, a “Shortfall” means 
in respect of the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments a shortfall in Available 
Cash as compared to the aggregate amount due and payable on the day in question in respect 
of each item (other than the last item) in the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
“Available Cash” means on any day all amounts (other than Swap Excluded Amounts) that can 
be, and are, drawn that day from loan facilities which may be applied and the sum of all credit 
balances on all Obligor Accounts to the extent available to be withdrawn in accordance with the 
Obligor Transaction Documents, in each case for the purpose of making payments in respect of 
the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments. To the extent that funds in certain 
Obligor Accounts may be withdrawn for the purpose of paying a particular item in the Security 
Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments (see “— Special Provisions Concerning Obligor 
Accounts”, page 153, above), the Obligor shall be entitled to apply such funds as withdrawn as 
Available Cash towards payment of such particular item only. 
The Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments provides for Available Cash to be 
applied by the Cash Manager in the following order of priority in and towards satisfaction of the 
following items: 
(a) 
first: amounts due and payable by LSF to any Non-Restricted Group Entity in respect of 
any Rental Loans; 
(b) 
second: 
(i) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Obligor Security 
Trustee under any Obligor Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligation to 
pay the Fees and Expenses which have become due and payable to the Note 
Trustee under the Issuer Transaction Documents; and 
(iii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligation to 
lend to each Additional Obligor an amount of £1,000 by way of deferred loan 
pursuant to the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement;

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
(c) 
third: 
(i) 
prior to the delivery of a Note Enforcement Notice only, an amount by way of 
Ongoing Facility Fee equal to (1) the amounts which have become due and 
payable by the Issuer to third parties (including any Tax Authority) at item (b) of 
the Issuer Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments (but only, in relation to any 
liability to pay United Kingdom corporation tax, to the extent that the Issuer has 
insufficient profits to discharge that payment in full) incurred in the course of the 
Issuer’s business and (2) any other sum which the Issuer is required to pay which 
is not specifically referred to in this Security Group Priority of Payments; and 
(ii) 
any amounts due and payable by the Obligors in respect of all United Kingdom 
corporation tax and other tax for which, in either case, any of the Obligors is 
primarily liable; 
(d) 
fourth: 
(i) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer 
Agents and the Registrar which have become due and payable under the Agency 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of the Account Bank and any Replacement Cash 
Manager which have become due and payable under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement; 
(iii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of any Class R Agent which have become due and 
payable under any Class R Underwriting Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Account Bank 
and any Replacement Cash Manager under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement;  
(v) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to any Facility Agent 
and any arrangers under any ACF Agreement or any Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(vi) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to any Property 
Manager; and 
(vii) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Replacement 
Servicer under the Servicing Agreement; 
(e) 
fifth: to the extent the same fall due in the course of their businesses, any amounts which 
have become due and payable by the Obligors in respect of their operating costs and 
expenses (other than as provided elsewhere in this priority of payments), including but 
not limited to:

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
(i) 
amounts due and payable to the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement for 
servicing the Security Group; 
(ii) 
amounts due and payable to the Servicer in relation to the secondment of staff to 
the Security Group for the management of the Mortgaged Properties; and 
(iii) 
amounts due and payable in respect of any Servicer Loan; 
(f) 
sixth: any interest due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Unsecured Debt (but 
excluding any Unsecured Debt owed to any Non-Restricted Group Entity); 
(g) 
seventh: principal, interest and any amounts other than as provided elsewhere in this 
priority of payments due and payable by FinCo to any Liquidity Facility Provider under 
any Liquidity Facility Agreement (but excluding any Liquidity Facility Subordinated 
Amounts); 
(h) 
eighth: any amount due and payable by an Obligor to any Swap Counterparty under any 
Swap Agreement, provided that this item (h) excludes: 
(i) 
any Swap Termination Amounts; 
(ii) 
any Swap Subordinated Amounts; and 
(iii) 
any amount due and payable pursuant to a Swap Excluded Obligation; 
(i) 
ninth: 
(i) 
any interest due and payable in respect of the Priority 1 Debt; 
(ii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay any underwriting fee due and payable to any Class R Underwriters under any 
Class R Underwriting Agreement; 
(iii) 
any facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility 
Agent under any ACF Agreement in respect of Priority 1 Debt; and 
(iv) 
any Swap Termination Amounts to the extent not satisfied by any premium 
received by the relevant Obligor from a replacement swap counterparty providing 
a replacement Swap Transaction, 
provided that this item (i) excludes any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(j) 
tenth: 
(i) 
any interest due and payable in respect of the Priority 2 Debt; 
(ii) 
any facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility 
Agent under any ACF Agreement in respect of Priority 2 Debt,

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
provided that this item (j) excludes any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(k) 
eleventh: any amount required to be Prepaid by the Obligors in or towards Mandatory 
Prepayment of Loans as required by any Mandatory Prepayment Provision (see “— 
Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 115, et seq. above) and in accordance with 
the Sequential Prepayment Regime); 
(l) 
twelfth: 
(i) 
any principal due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Priority 1 Debt; 
and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of the Priority 1 Debt, 
provided that this item (l) excludes: 
(1) 
principal falling due prematurely in respect of Priority 1 Debt otherwise than by 
reason of Acceleration or amounts required to be Prepaid under the Mandatory 
Prepayment Provision; 
(2) 
any premium due and payable in respect of Priority 1 Debt as a result of 
Prepayment of any Loan; and 
(3) 
any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(m) 
thirteenth: 
(i) 
any principal due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Priority 2 Debt; 
and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of the Priority 2 Debt, 
provided that this item (m) excludes: 
(1) 
principal falling due prematurely in respect of Priority 2 Debt otherwise than by 
reason of Acceleration or amounts to be Prepaid under the Mandatory 
Prepayment Provision; 
(2) 
any premium due and payable in respect of Priority 2 Debt as a result of 
Prepayment of any Loan; and 
(3) 
any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(n) 
fourteenth, any interest due and payable in respect of the Subordinated Debt (but 
excluding the Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts);

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
(o) 
fifteenth: 
(i) 
any principal due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Subordinated 
Debt; and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Subordinated Debt 
(other than as provided elsewhere in this priority of payments) (including any 
facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility Agent 
under any ACF Agreement in respect of Subordinated Debt), 
provided that this item (o) excludes: 
(1) 
principal falling due prematurely in respect of Subordinated Debt otherwise than 
by reason of Acceleration; 
(2) 
any premium due and payable in respect of Subordinated Debt as a result of 
Prepayment of any Loan; and 
(3) 
any Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts; 
(p) 
sixteenth: 
(i) 
any Liquidity Facility Subordinated Amounts due and payable by FinCo; and 
(ii) 
any Swap Subordinated Amounts, to the extent not satisfied by any premium 
received by the relevant Obligor from a replacement Swap Counterparty 
providing a replacement Swap Transaction, due and payable by the Obligors; 
(q) 
seventeenth: any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts due and payable by the Obligors; 
(r) 
eighteenth: any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts due and payable by the Obligors; 
(s) 
nineteenth: any Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts due and payable by the 
Obligors; 
(t) 
twentieth: any amounts that are required to be paid or Prepaid by any Obligor under the 
Obligor Transaction Documents (other than as provided elsewhere in this priority of 
payments) including any premium payable as a result of Prepayment of any Loan or any 
principal falling due prematurely otherwise than by reason of Acceleration; and 
(u) 
twenty-first: any other amounts that are permitted to be paid by the Obligors under (or not 
prohibited from being paid by the Obligors by) the Obligor Transaction Documents 
(including any Restricted Payments). 
Any amount contained in any item above which is indicated to be due and payable shall exclude 
any amount that has already been paid and, in respect of any amounts which are not Secured 
Obligations, any amounts which are disputed by the Obligors in good faith. For the avoidance of 
doubt, an amount is not due and payable on a given day if such amount is merely accruing, and

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
an amount which is due on a given day but payable within a specified period shall be treated as 
due and payable upon the expiry of such period. 
If there is a Shortfall on any day the Security Group shall pay each item in the Security Group Pre 
Enforcement Priority of Payments in full, it shall pay such item to the extent it has Available Cash 
to do so, and where other items are ranked pari passu with such item, on a pro rata basis together 
with such item. 
Furthermore, if there is a Shortfall on any day, it shall be carried forward to the next day (except 
to the extent there is a Shortfall in respect of interest amounts due and payable in respect of any 
Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt on any day, in which case such Shortfall 
shall, after being carried forward for 5 Business Days, be carried forward to the next Loan 
Payment Date in respect of the relevant Loan), and any Available Cash on the next day or the 
next Loan Payment Date (as the case may be) shall be applied towards amounts due and payable 
(including the amounts carried forward to that day or date) in accordance with the Security Group 
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments with no change to the priority of the amounts carried 
forward (unless and until another Security Group Priority of Payments applies, in which case such 
amounts shall be paid at the new priority level in respect of that item at the relevant time). 
If any interest amount is carried forward for any period exceeding five Business Days, the Security 
Group shall, on any day on which any other amount (the “relevant amount”) contained in any 
equal or lower ranking items in the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments is due 
and payable, reserve for interest accrued from the due date of payment of such interest amount 
until the date of payment of the relevant amount before the relevant amount may be paid. Any 
amount so reserved shall be available to be withdrawn on the next Loan Payment Date for the 
relevant Loan, and shall be applied against the item in respect of which it was reserved. 
If any Secured Obligation is not paid as a result of a Shortfall, its deferral in accordance with the 
foregoing shall not prevent its non-payment constituting an Obligor Event of Default at the end of 
any applicable grace period. 
If an item within the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments contains amounts 
payable in respect of Subordinated Debt, the precise ranking of Subordinated Debt vis-à-vis any 
other Subordinated Debt (in respect of the various categories of claims in respect thereof) will be 
designated in accordance with the Secondary Debt Rank to be made in accordance with the 
Common Terms Agreement (see “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above). 
Security Group Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments – General 
During the enforcement of the Obligor Security, any proceeds of enforcement or cash receipts 
(other than the Swap Excluded Amounts) shall, before the Acceleration of the Secured Obligations 
and to the extent lawful, be applied towards the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-
Acceleration) Priority of Payments as set out below. After the Acceleration of the Secured 
Obligations, any proceeds of enforcement or cash receipts (other than the Swap Excluded 
Amounts) shall then be applied to the extent lawful in accordance with the Security Group Post-
Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments as set out below.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments 
Under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, each Obligor Secured Creditor agrees that, after 
the enforcement of the Obligor Security and prior to the Acceleration of the Secured Obligations, 
each Obligor Secured Creditor’s claims shall rank according to the Security Group Post-
Enforcement (Pre Acceleration) Priority of Payments. 
All monies received or recovered by the Obligor Security Trustee (or a Receiver appointed by it) 
in respect of the Obligor Security held by the Obligor Security Trustee and the Guarantees given 
in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee or otherwise (other than the Swap Excluded Amounts), 
together with all monies received or recovered by the Note Trustee (or a Receiver appointed by 
it) and paid to the Obligor Security Trustee, in respect of the enforcement of OFCA Floating 
Security, shall, subsequent to the enforcement of the Obligor Security and prior to the Acceleration 
of the Secured Obligations, be applied (to the extent that it is lawfully able to do so) on each Loan 
Payment Date (or, in the case of items (a) and (c) below, on any day on which such amounts are 
due and payable or, in the case of item (e) below on any day on which such amounts are due and 
payable if required to be paid by law or to ensure the continued corporate existence of an Obligor) 
by or on behalf of the Obligor Security Trustee, or as the case may be any Receiver, in accordance 
with the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments (and including 
any amounts of Financial Indebtedness to be Actually Prepaid or Collateralised and any amount 
to be reserved under item (e) below for servicer fees due to services falling due before or on the 
next Loan Payment Date) as set out below: 
(a) 
first: amounts due and payable by LSF to any Non-Restricted Group Entity in respect of 
any Rental Loans; 
(b) 
second: 
(i) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Obligor Security 
Trustee or any Receiver under any Obligor Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Note Trustee and 
any Receiver appointed under the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement; and 
(iii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay Fees and Expenses which have become due and payable to the Note Trustee 
and any Receiver appointed under any Issuer Transaction Document; 
(c) 
third: 
(i) 
prior to the delivery of a Note Enforcement Notice only, an amount by way of 
Ongoing Facility Fee equal to (1) the amounts which have become due and 
payable by the Issuer to third parties (including any Tax Authority) at item (b) of 
the Issuer Pre Enforcement Priority of Payments (but only, in relation to any 
liability to pay United Kingdom corporation tax, to the extent that the Issuer has 
insufficient profits to discharge that payment in full) incurred in the course of the 
Issuer’s business and (2) any other sum which the Issuer is required to pay which 
is not specifically referred to in this Security Group Priority of Payments; and

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
(ii) 
any amount due and payable by the Obligors in respect of all United Kingdom 
corporation tax and other tax for which, in either case, any of the Obligors is 
primarily liable; 
(d) 
fourth: 
(i) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer 
Agents and the Registrar which have become due and payable under the Agency 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of the Account Bank and any Replacement Cash 
Manager which have become due and payable under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement; 
(iii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of any Class R Agent which have become due and 
payable under any Class R Underwriting Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Account Bank 
and any Replacement Cash Manager under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement; 
(v) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to any Facility Agent 
and any arrangers under any ACF Agreement or any Liquidity Facility Agreement; 
(vi) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to any Property 
Manager; and 
(vii) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Replacement 
Servicer under the Servicing Agreement; 
(e) 
fifth: to the extent the same fall due in the course of its business, any amounts due and 
payable by the Obligors in respect of their operating costs and expenses (other than as 
provided elsewhere in this priority of payments), including but not limited to: 
(i) 
amounts due and payable to the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement for 
servicing the Security Group; 
(ii) 
amounts due and payable to the Servicer in relation to the secondment of staff to 
the Security Group for the management of the Mortgaged Properties; and 
(iii) 
amounts due and payable in respect of any Servicer Loan; 
(f) 
sixth: principal, interest and any amounts other than as provided elsewhere in this priority 
of payments due and payable by FinCo to any Liquidity Facility Provider under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement (but excluding any Liquidity Facility Subordinated Amounts);

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
(g) 
seventh: any amount due and payable by an Obligor to any Swap Counterparty under 
any Swap Agreement, provided that this item (g)) excludes: 
(i) 
any Swap Termination Amounts; 
(ii) 
any Swap Subordinated Amounts; and 
(iii) 
any amount due and payable pursuant to a Swap Excluded Obligation; 
(h) 
eighth: 
(i) 
any interest due and payable in respect of the Priority 1 Debt; 
(ii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay any underwriting fee due and payable to any Class R Underwriters under any 
Class R Underwriting Agreement; 
(iii) 
any facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility 
Agent under any ACF Agreement in respect of Priority 1 Debt; and 
(iv) 
any Swap Termination Amounts to the extent not satisfied by any premium 
received by the relevant Obligor from a replacement swap counterparty providing 
a replacement Swap Transaction, 
provided that this item (h) excludes any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(i) 
ninth: 
(i) 
any interest due and payable in respect of the Priority 2 Debt; 
(ii) 
any facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility 
Agent under any ACF Agreement in respect of Priority 2 Debt, 
provided that this item (i) excludes any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(j) 
tenth: 
(i) 
Actual Prepayment or Collateralisation of the full amount of the principal in 
respect of Priority 1 Debt (whether such amount is due and payable or not) by 
the Obligors (less any amounts which have already been repaid, Actually Prepaid 
or Collateralised); 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of the Priority 1 Debt, 
provided that this item (j) excludes any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(k) 
eleventh:

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
(i) 
Actual Prepayment or Collateralisation of the full amount of the principal in 
respect of Priority 2 Debt (whether such amount is due and payable or not) by 
the Obligors (less any amounts which have already been repaid, Actually Prepaid 
or Collateralised); and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of the Priority 2 Debt, 
provided that this item (k) excludes any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts. 
(l) 
twelfth: any interest due and payable in respect of the Subordinated Debt (but excluding 
the Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts); 
(m) 
thirteenth: 
(i) 
any principal due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Subordinated 
Debt; and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of any Subordinated Debt (including any 
facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility Agent 
under any ACF Agreement in respect of Subordinated Debt), 
provided that this item (m) excludes the Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts; 
(n) 
fourteenth: 
(i) 
any Liquidity Facility Subordinated Amounts due and payable by FinCo; and 
(ii) 
any Swap Subordinated Amounts, to the extent not satisfied by any premium 
received by the relevant Obligor from a replacement Swap Counterparty 
providing a replacement Swap Transaction due and payable by the Obligors; 
(o) 
fifteenth: any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts due and payable by the Obligors; 
(p) 
sixteenth: any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts due and payable by the Obligors; 
(q) 
seventeenth: any Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts due and payable by the 
Obligors; and 
(r) 
eighteenth: any surplus (if any) shall be deposited promptly in an Obligor Account as 
chosen by the Obligor Security Trustee. 
All monies standing to the credit of all Obligor Accounts shall only be withdrawn with the prior 
consent of the Obligor Security Trustee. 
If the proceeds received or recovered are insufficient to discharge an item in the Security Group 
Post Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments in full, such item shall be discharged

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
to the extent there are sufficient funds to do so and, where other items are ranked pari passu with 
such item, on a pro rata basis together with such item. 
If an item within the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments 
contains amounts payable in respect of Subordinated Debt, the precise ranking of Subordinated 
Debt vis-à-vis any other Subordinated Debt (in respect of the various categories of claims in 
respect thereof) will be designated in accordance with the Secondary Debt Rank to be made in 
accordance with the Common Terms Agreement (see “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, 
page 106, above. 
Reserving – interest and others: For the purpose of the above priority of payments (i) any interest 
due and payable on the day in question in any item shall include accrued interest of the same 
level of priority to (but excluding) the day in question and (ii) items as described in items (h)(iii), 
(i)(i), (k)(ii) and (l)(ii) below which are due and payable on the day in question shall include, if such 
amount accrues on a periodic basis, any such amount accrued from the last Loan Payment Date 
to (but excluding) the day in question. Any sums so included but not yet due and payable shall be 
reserved for the relevant item before any lower item may be paid (or reserved for), in such manner 
as the Obligor Security Trustee and any Cash Manager (or any Replacement Cash Manager) 
may determine. Any amounts reserved may be released upon the next application of this priority 
of payments as additional funds for that purpose. 
In respect of any ICL Loan which corresponds to a Class or Sub-Class of Indexed Notes (where 
the amount of principal payable is subject to adjustment by the relevant Index Ratio as specified 
in the Final Terms), the amount of interest that is required to be reserved for the purpose of the 
above priority of payments shall also include any increases in premium subsequent to the delivery 
of the Loan Enforcement Notice payable by FinCo as a result of increases in premium on the 
Indexed Notes. 
Reserving/Actually Prepaying – principal: On any day where the above priority of payment 
applies, the full balance of the principal amount outstanding (less any amount standing to the 
credit of the relevant DCA Ledger) in respect of all Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt shall be 
considered to be due and payable (irrespective of whether the relevant Loan has become due 
and payable or (in respect of any Revolving Loan) whether the relevant revolving facility is 
reduced), and all such principal amounts (other than in respect of Revolving ICL Loans, which 
shall be Collateralised on a pro rata basis with the Actual Prepayment or Collateralisation of all 
other ICL Loans) shall be Prepaid by Actual Prepayment, to the extent of funds available at the 
relevant priority level, on a pro rata basis. However, in respect of any outstanding Early 
Redemption Premium ICL Loan, the Obligor Security Trustee (or as the case may be, the Note 
Trustee and/or any Receiver) shall, instead of Actually Prepaying such amounts from available 
funds, Collateralise such amount by crediting such funds to the relevant DCA Ledger (and upon 
such amounts being Collateralised, the principal amount of such Early Redemption Premium ICL 
Loan shall be treated, for the purpose of the above priority of payments, as extinguished pro 
tanto), and any amount so Collateralised shall be released at the time specified in “Repayment 
following enforcement and Collateralisation”, page 217, below. 
In respect of any ICL Loan which corresponds to a Class or Sub-Class of Indexed Notes (where 
the amount of principal payable is subject to adjustment by the relevant Index Ratio as specified 
in the Final Terms), the principal amount to be Prepaid shall include any premium accreted up to

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
the date of the delivery of the Loan Enforcement Notice and exclude any premium payable 
subsequent to such date, as such premium has already been dealt with by the previous 
paragraph. 
Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments 
Under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, each Obligor Secured Creditor will agree that, 
following the enforcement of Obligor Security and the Acceleration of the Secured Obligations by 
the Obligor Security Trustee, each Obligor Secured Creditor’s claims shall rank according to the 
Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments. 
All monies received or recovered by the Obligor Security Trustee (or the Receiver appointed by 
it) in respect of the Obligor Security and the Guarantees held by the Obligor Security Trustee or 
otherwise (other than the Swap Excluded Amounts), together with all monies received or 
recovered by the Note Trustee (or a Receiver appointed by it) and paid to the Obligor Security 
Trustee in respect of the enforcement of the OFCA Floating Security shall, subsequent to the 
enforcement of the Obligor Security and the Acceleration of the Secured Obligations, be applied 
(to the extent that it is lawfully able to do so) by or on behalf of the Obligor Security Trustee or, as 
the case may be, any Receiver, in accordance with the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-
Acceleration) Priority of Payments as set out below: 
(a) 
first: amounts due and payable by LSF to any Non-Restricted Group Entity in respect of 
any Rental Loans; 
(b) 
second: 
(i) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Obligor Security 
Trustee or any Receiver under any Obligor Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Note Trustee and 
any Receiver appointed under the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement; and 
(iii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay Fees and Expenses which have become due and payable to the Note Trustee 
and any Receiver appointed under any Issuer Transaction Document; 
(c) 
third: prior to the delivery of a Note Enforcement Notice only, an amount by way of 
Ongoing Facility Fee equal to (1) the amounts which have become due and payable by 
the Issuer to third parties (including any Tax Authority) at item (b) of the Issuer Pre-
Enforcement Priority of Payments (but only, in relation to United Kingdom corporation tax, 
to the extent that the Issuer has insufficient profits to discharge that payment in full) 
incurred in the course of the Issuer’s business and (2) any other sum which the Issuer is 
required to pay which is not specifically referred to in this Security Group Priority of 
Payments; 
(d) 
fourth:

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
(i) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer 
Agents and the Registrar which have become due and payable under the Agency 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of the Account Bank and any Replacement Cash 
Manager which have become due and payable under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement; 
(iii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay the Fees and Expenses of any Class R Agent which have become due and 
payable under any Class R Underwriting Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to the Account Bank 
and any Replacement Cash Manager under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement; 
(v) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to any Facility Agent 
and any arrangers under any ACF Agreement or any Liquidity Facility Agreement 
(if applicable); 
(vi) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to any Property 
Manager; and 
(vii) 
the Fees and Expenses due and payable by the Obligors to any Replacement 
Servicer under the Servicing Agreement; 
(e) 
fifth: principal, interest and any amounts other than as provided elsewhere in this priority 
of payments due and payable by FinCo to any Liquidity Facility Provider under any 
Liquidity Facility Agreement (but excluding any Liquidity Facility Subordinated Amounts); 
(f) 
sixth: any amount due and payable by an Obligor to any Swap Counterparty under any 
Swap Agreement, provided that this item (f) excludes: 
(i) 
any Swap Termination Amounts; 
(ii) 
any Swap Subordinated Amounts; and 
(iii) 
any amount due and payable pursuant to a Swap Excluded Obligation; 
(g) 
seventh: 
(i) 
any interest due and payable in respect of the Priority 1 Debt; 
(ii) 
an amount by way of an Ongoing Facility Fee equal to the Issuer’s obligations to 
pay any underwriting fee due and payable to any Class R Underwriters under any 
Class R Underwriting Agreement;

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
(iii) 
any facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility 
Agent under any ACF Agreement in respect of Priority 1 Debt; and 
(iv) 
any Swap Termination Amounts to the extent not satisfied by any premium 
received by the relevant Obligor from a replacement Swap Counterparty 
providing a replacement Swap Transaction, 
provided that this item (g) excludes any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(h) 
eighth: 
(i) 
any principal due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Priority 1 Debt; 
and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of the Priority 1 Debt, 
provided that this item (h) excludes the Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(i) 
ninth: 
(i) 
any interest due and payable in respect of the Priority 2 Debt; 
(ii) 
any facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility 
Agent under any ACF Agreement in respect of Priority 2 Debt, 
provided that this item (i) excludes any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(j) 
tenth: 
(i) 
any principal due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Priority 2 Debt; 
and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of the Priority 2 Debt, 
provided that this item (j) excludes the Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts; 
(k) 
eleventh: any interest due and payable in respect of the Subordinated Debt (but excluding 
the Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts); 
(l) 
twelfth: 
(i) 
any principal due and payable by the Obligors in respect of any Subordinated 
Debt; and 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable by the Obligors (other than as provided elsewhere 
in this priority of payments) in respect of any Subordinated Debt (including any

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
facility and commitment fees payable to any ACF Provider or any Facility Agent 
under any ACF Agreement in respect of Subordinated Debt), 
provided that this item (l) excludes the Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts; 
(m) 
thirteenth: 
(i) 
any Liquidity Facility Subordinated Amounts due and payable by FinCo; and 
(ii) 
any Swap Subordinated Amounts, due and payable by the Obligors, to the extent 
not satisfied by any premium received by the relevant Obligor from a replacement 
Swap Counterparty providing a replacement Swap Transaction; 
(n) 
fourteenth: any Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amounts due and payable by the Obligors; 
(o) 
fifteenth: any Priority 2 Debt Step-Up Amounts due and payable by the Obligors; 
(p) 
sixteenth: any Subordinated Debt Subordinated Amounts due and payable by the 
Obligors; and 
(q) 
seventeenth: any surplus (if any) together with all amounts standing to the credit of all 
Obligor Accounts shall be paid to the Principal Obligor on behalf of the Obligors to deal 
with as they see fit. 
If the proceeds received or recovered are insufficient to discharge an item in the Security Group 
Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments in full, such item shall be discharged 
to the extent there are sufficient funds to do so, and where other items are ranked pari passu with 
such item, on a pro rata basis together with such item. Any amount contained in any item above 
which is indicated to be due and payable shall exclude any amount that has already been paid. 
If any amounts have been credited to DCA Ledgers, then for the purpose of determining the 
outstanding principal amounts of the Loans relating thereto, the pro rata claims of the Issuer and 
the ACF Providers in respect of such Loans outstanding shall be calculated after application of 
the amount credited to such DCA Ledgers. 
If an item within the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments 
contains amounts payable in respect of Subordinated Debt, the precise ranking of Subordinated 
Debt vis-à-vis any other Subordinated Debt (in respect of the various categories of claims in 
respect thereof) will be designated in accordance with the Secondary Debt Rank to be made in 
accordance with the Common Terms Agreement (see the sections entitled “— Ranking of 
Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above). 
Governing Law 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed is (subject to certain aspects of Jersey and Scottish 
security, which are governed by Jersey law and Scots law, respectively) governed by English law.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
C. 
INITIAL STANDARD SECURITIES 
On the Exchange Date, each Obligor then holding Mortgaged Properties situated in Scotland 
entered into the Initial Standard Securities with the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with 
the Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970, pursuant to which such Obligor 
granted Standard Securities over such Mortgaged Properties. Each Obligor holding additional 
Mortgaged Properties situated in Scotland since the Exchange Date has granted Standard 
Securities over such additional Mortgaged Properties. 
Governing Law 
The Initial Standard Securities are governed by Scots law. 
D. 
OBLIGOR FLOATING CHARGE AGREEMENT 
On the Exchange Date, the Original Obligors, the Issuer, the Obligor Security Trustee and the 
Note Trustee entered into the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement pursuant to which each Obligor 
granted in favour of the Issuer, as security for (i) FinCo’s obligations in respect of the ICL Loans 
and (ii) such Obligor’s own obligations to the Issuer, a first ranking floating charge over the whole 
of its undertaking, assets, property and rights whatsoever and wheresoever, present and future 
(defined as “OFCA Floating Security”, page 347, below). 
Any Obligor joining the Security Group after the Exchange Date shall accede to, inter alia, the 
Obligor Floating Charge Agreement (and grant a floating charge to the Issuer to the same extent 
as the other existing Obligors) by way of an Obligor Accession Deed (see “— Additional Obligors”, 
page 85, above). The Issuer shall, on the date such Additional Obligor accedes to the Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement, make a loan to such Additional Obligor in the amount of £1,000, 
which shall be deferred in respect of its repayment until the Obligors are under no further actual 
or contingent liability under the Guarantees. Such loan shall be secured by the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement but shall not be capable of being repaid until the deferred repayment date 
referred to above. 
The circumstances where the OFCA Floating Security may become enforceable and/or be 
enforced are set out in the section entitled “— Enforceability of the floating charges”, page 176, 
above. The Obligors shall jointly and severally indemnify the Note Trustee for the Fees and 
Expenses incurred by it in appointing a Receiver (including an administrative receiver) in respect 
of any Obligor. 
Governing Law 
The Obligor Floating Charge Agreement is governed by English law. 
E. 
TRUST DECLARATIONS AND BENEFICIARY UNDERTAKINGS 
With a view to mitigating the risk that neither the Obligor Security Trustee (under the Security 
Trust and Intercreditor Deed) nor the Note Trustee (as the Issuer’s assignee under the Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement) could block the appointment of an administrator in respect of 
Partnerships and JerseyCos, each Relevant Member has transferred its Mortgaged Properties to

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
two nominees (each, a “Nominee”) for each Mortgaged Property. The pair of nominees relating 
to each relevant Mortgaged Property will (as trustees) hold such Mortgaged Property (the “Trust 
Property”) on a trust of land for the Relevant Members (as defined in the Trusts of Land and 
Appointment of Trustees Act 1996). Each Nominee is a wholly owned subsidiary of a special 
purpose company (“SubCo”) which in turn is wholly owned by Land Securities Portfolio 
Management Limited. The terms of the trust will provide that no part of the beneficial interest in 
the Mortgaged Property will be transferred or will pass to the Nominees. 
The Nominees, as trustees, and at the direction of each Relevant Member, provide a limited 
recourse guarantee and indemnity to the Obligor Security Trustee in respect of the Obligors’ 
obligations under the Obligor Transaction Documents (including the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement). Each Relevant Member has agreed with the relevant Nominees that they may 
indemnify themselves out of the relevant trust assets to discharge any liability incurred in the 
proper exercise of their powers or at the Relevant Member’s direction (including the performance 
of any guarantee and indemnity granted by it) and that such Relevant Member will waive its rights 
to call for the Nominees (as trustees) to remedy any breach of trust before becoming entitled to 
such indemnification. 
Pursuant to the relevant Beneficiary Undertaking, each Relevant Member covenants to the 
Obligor Security Trustee that it will not call for a return of its legal interest in its Mortgaged 
Properties or for a dissolution of the trust or for a transfer of its Mortgaged Properties and 
covenants that it will not transfer its beneficial interests in its Mortgaged Properties other than as 
permitted under the Obligor Transaction Documents. 
The following security has been granted under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed in favour 
of the Obligor Security Trustee for the benefit of the Obligor Secured Creditors: (1) the Relevant 
Members have each granted a first fixed charge over their beneficial interests in their Mortgaged 
Properties, (2) the Nominees relating to each Mortgaged Property have granted full fixed and 
floating security over all of their property, assets and undertaking, (3) SubCo have granted full 
fixed and floating security over all its property, assets and undertaking (in the form of fixed, 
equitable mortgages as regards the shares in the Nominees) and (4) Land Securities Portfolio 
Management Limited has granted full fixed and floating security over all its property, assets and 
undertaking (in the form of fixed, equitable mortgages over the shares in SubCo). 
The inability of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee to appoint an administrative 
receiver to block the appointment of an administrator as described above is mitigated by the 
Obligor Security Trustee taking the following steps if the Relevant Member goes into 
administration, and SubCo and the Nominees are not insolvent at that time: 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee appoints a receiver in respect of Land Securities Portfolio 
Management Limited’s shares in SubCo; 
(b) 
the receiver will then gain control over SubCo by exercising Land Securities Portfolio 
Management Limited’s fixed security over the shares of SubCo and thereby control the 
Nominees through the ability to appoint directors in respect of these companies; and 
(c) 
the Nominees (as trustees of the relevant Mortgaged Property of the Relevant Member 
in question) may then either:

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
(i) 
hold and manage such Mortgaged Property and collect rent in the ordinary course 
(notwithstanding the appointment of an administrator over such Relevant 
Member’s assets); or 
(ii) 
sell the Mortgaged Property at arm’s length and at its commercial value thereby 
overreaching the beneficial interest of the Relevant Member (i.e. thereby 
conveying good legal and beneficial title to the purchaser). 
Governing Law 
The Trust Declarations and Beneficiary Undertakings are governed by English law. 
F. 
INTERCOMPANY LOAN AGREEMENT 
General Principles 
The Intercompany Loan Agreement, which was entered into on the Exchange Date between the 
Issuer (as lender), FinCo (as borrower), the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee, 
provides that all funds raised by the issue of the Notes will be lent by the Issuer to FinCo. FinCo 
will be entitled under the terms thereof, to on-lend amounts equal to the monies so lent to it to 
other members of the Security Group or the Non-Restricted Group and/or apply the same, subject 
to the provisions of the Common Terms Agreement, for any other lawful purpose (see Chapter 5 
“Use of Proceeds”, page 237, below). 
The Issuer will apply payments of interest, premia and fees and repayment of principal to fund its 
financial outgoings, whether in respect of the Notes or otherwise, and will retain a profit of 0.01% 
of the principal amount advanced. 
The Issuer will advance a separate ICL Loan under the Intercompany Loan Agreement in respect 
of each issue of a Sub-Class of Notes. 
Term ICL Loans 
Whenever a Sub-Class of Notes is issued, the Issuer will make an advance by way of an ICL 
Loan to FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement in an amount equal to the nominal 
principal amount of such Notes and in the same currency. If the Notes are issued at a premium, 
then the Issuer shall pay an equivalent amount by way of a premium in respect of the 
corresponding Term ICL Loan to FinCo. Conversely, if the Notes are issued at a discount, FinCo 
shall, on the date on which the corresponding Term ICL Loan is made, pay to the Issuer a reverse 
premium in an amount equal to the discount.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding ICL 
Loans is £2,356,042,500.  
Principles applicable to all Term ICL Loans 
The following applies to all Term ICL Loans:

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
Scheduled Maturity/ies: Each Term ICL Loan shall have a scheduled maturity date(s) which fall(s) 
on or before (as provided in the Final Terms) the Note Payment Date(s) for the corresponding 
Notes on which all or a portion of the principal amount of such Notes is scheduled to be redeemed, 
and the amount to be repaid on each such maturity date shall be equal to the amount to be 
redeemed on the corresponding Note Payment Date. 
Voluntary Prepayments: FinCo may Actually Prepay any Term ICL Loan, in whole or in part, in 
accordance with the provisions set out in the section "— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans", 
page 122 above, and provided that it shall have notified the Issuer in sufficient time to enable the 
Issuer to give notice of voluntary redemption of the corresponding Notes under Condition 8(b) 
(Optional Redemption), in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). FinCo can only Actually 
Prepay any ICL Loan on a date on which this Issuer is permitted or required to redeem the 
corresponding Notes in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation). 
Mandatory Prepayments on Issuer Redemptions: FinCo shall Actually Prepay Term ICL Loans to 
the extent that the Issuer shall have given notice, and shall be obliged under any provision of 
Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation), other than Condition 8(b) (Optional 
Redemption) or Condition 8(e) (Mandatory Redemption on Prepayment or Acceleration under the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed), to redeem all (or, as the case may be, some) of the 
corresponding Notes. Any such Actual Prepayment shall be made on the date on which such 
redemption is required to be made. 
Repayment following enforcement and Collateralisation: If a Loan Enforcement Notice shall have 
been delivered in accordance with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed and, pursuant 
thereto, the obligations of FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement in respect of any Fixed 
Rate ICL Loan are required to be Collateralised, then, upon the earlier of the first date on which 
such Fixed Rate ICL Loan is fully Collateralised and the date of final maturity in respect of such 
Fixed Rate ICL Loan, FinCo will be obliged to repay such Fixed Rate ICL Loan in full together with 
all interest accrued thereon provided that FinCo shall only be required to make such repayment 
if the relevant date falls during an Enforcement Period. 
Interest: Each Term ICL Loan shall bear interest at a rate equal to the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the corresponding Sub-Class of Notes plus 0.01% per annum, such interest to be 
payable on the relevant ICL Loan Payment Date. Interest will accrue for the full period from (and 
including) each corresponding Note Payment Date (or, in the case of the first payment of interest 
on any Term ICL Loan, the date on which it was advanced) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Note Payment Date for the corresponding Sub-Class of Notes. 
Premia on prepayments: If an ICL Loan is Actually Prepaid, and the Issuer will be required 
pursuant to Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) to pay any premium in respect 
of the redemption, to the extent of such Actual Prepayment, of the corresponding Sub-Class of 
Notes, then FinCo shall be obliged to pay to the Issuer, on the date on which such Actual 
Prepayment is made, a prepayment premium in respect of the Actual Prepayment in an amount 
equal to the redemption premium relating to such Notes.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Revolving ICL Loans 
If any Class R1 Notes or Class R2 Notes are issued, they will be of a revolving nature. They may 
be repurchased in whole or in part by the Issuer from the Class R Underwriters immediately on 
issue. If so, they will be capable of being resold to the Class R Underwriters pursuant to the 
relevant Class R Underwriting Agreement, on any Note Payment Date for the Class R Notes. The 
same will apply in the case of any Class R Notes which shall have been resold on any previous 
such Note Payment Date and which shall have been repurchased by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
To the extent that Class R1 Notes are issued without being immediately repurchased or are 
resold, the Issuer will make a Revolving R1 ICL Loan to FinCo, and to the extent Class R2 Notes 
are issued without being immediately repurchased or are resold, the Issuer will make a Revolving 
R2 ICL Loan to FinCo, in each case under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and in an amount 
equal to the principal amount of Class R Notes issued or sold (unless an Obligor Event of Default 
or a Potential Obligor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing). If the Class R Notes are 
issued at a premium or a discount, this will be dealt with in the same manner as is the case for 
any premium or discount on a Term ICL Loan (see “— Term ICL Loans”, page 216 above). Each 
Revolving ICL Loan will be repayable on the ICL Loan Payment Date following that on which it 
was made. Any Revolving R1 ICL Loan will be Priority 1 Debt and any Revolving R2 ICL Loan will 
be Priority 2 Debt. 
The repayment of a Revolving ICL Loan may be financed by the making of a further Revolving 
ICL Loan provided that (a) no Obligor Event of Default or Potential Obligor Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing and (b) the Issuer is either (i) able to finance such further Revolving 
ICL Loan by reselling Class R Notes to the Class R Underwriters in the requisite amount pursuant 
to the relevant Class R Underwriting Agreement in accordance with Condition 8(h)(i) or (ii) not 
required to repurchase the corresponding Class R Notes by virtue of Condition 8(h)(ii) or (iii). The 
same conditions would apply to the making of Revolving ICL Loans in principal amounts 
exceeding any maturing Revolving ICL Loan. 
If, by reason of the existence of the circumstances described in (a) or (b) of the above paragraph, 
the Issuer is not permitted to make any further Revolving ICL Loans to FinCo, the maturity of any 
outstanding Revolving ICL Loans will, provided a Loan Acceleration Notice has not been given, 
automatically be extended to the next ICL Loan Payment Date. If in such circumstances there is 
an outstanding Revolving R1 ICL Loan which may not be refinanced in whole or in part by a further 
Revolving R1 ICL Loan (see “— Reborrowing restrictions and requirements applicable to 
Revolving R1/R2 Loans”, page 126 above), then to that extent such outstanding Revolving R1 
ICL Loan will automatically be reconstituted as a Revolving R2 ICL Loan (unless refinanced from 
other resources), and interest thereon will accrue accordingly. 
Revolving ICL Loans shall bear interest in accordance with the same principles mentioned above 
for Term ICL Loans, such interest to be payable on their respective ICL Loan Payment Dates. 
Interest will accrue for the full period from (and including) the date on which a Revolving ICL Loan 
is made to (but excluding) the Note Payment Date for the corresponding Class R Notes 
immediately following the date on which such Revolving ICL Loan is made.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
If a Revolving ICL Loan is Collateralised following enforcement, as provided for in “— 
Reserving/Actually Prepaying – principal”, page 209, above, then such Revolving ICL Loan shall 
become repayable on the earlier of the first date on which such Revolving ICL Loan is fully 
Collateralised and the first date on which such Revolving ICL Loan may no longer be refinanced 
with the proceeds of the resale of corresponding Class R Notes by reason of the Class R 
Underwriters no longer being obliged to repurchase the same from the Issuer provided that FinCo 
will only be obliged to make such repayment if the relevant date falls during an Enforcement 
Period. 
Ongoing Facility Fee 
Under the terms of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, FinCo will be required to pay to the Issuer 
in accordance with the then applicable Security Group Priority of Payments, a fee (the “Ongoing 
Facility Fee”) in an amount equal to all sums (other than any payments of interest on, payments 
or repayments of principal of, or any premia payable on, any Notes in accordance with Condition 
8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation) or any Final Terms and certain other amounts which 
the Issuer is able to fund from its own resources) which the Issuer is required to pay for any 
reason to any person in accordance with the Issuer Payment Priorities, as consideration for the 
Issuer making the Initial ICL Loans available to FinCo. Payments by way of Ongoing Facility Fee 
will usually be made on each ICL Loan Payment Date. However, if the Issuer anticipates that it 
may be obliged to pay any such sum other than on a Note Payment Date, it shall be entitled to 
demand a sum equal thereto from FinCo by way of the Ongoing Facility Fee which FinCo shall 
pay as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Security 
The obligations of FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement will be secured by the other 
Obligors pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents and such obligations will be guaranteed by 
the other Obligors pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments made by FinCo to the Issuer will be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
If any such withholding or deduction is so required, the amount of the payment due from FinCo 
will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after that withholding or deduction has 
been made, the amount received by the Issuer is equal to the amount that it would have received 
had that withholding or deduction not been required to be made. 
Purchase of Notes 
From time to time, FinCo may purchase Notes and surrender such Notes to the Issuer for 
cancellation. Upon such cancellation, an amount of the relevant ICL Loan relating to such Notes 
equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note plus an amount of interest on the relevant 
ICL Loan equal to the aggregate of any accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Note will be treated as having been Actually Prepaid by FinCo (see “— 
Additional negative covenants of the Obligors”, page 148, above).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
Governing Law 
The Intercompany Loan Agreement will be governed by English law. 
G. 
ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
Extent of Roles 
On the Exchange Date, the Original Obligors, the Issuer, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Note 
Trustee, the Cash Manager and the Account Bank inter alios, entered into the Account Bank and 
Cash Management Agreement pursuant to which the Account Bank agreed to maintain the 
Accounts and the Cash Manager was appointed to act as cash manager in respect of amounts 
standing from time to time to the credit of the Accounts. 
The description of the operation of the Accounts in this section will only apply prior to the 
enforcement of the Issuer Security (in the case of the Issuer Accounts) or the Obligor Security (in 
the case of the Obligor Accounts). Following the enforcement of the Issuer Security (in the case 
of the Issuer Accounts) the Issuer Accounts will be operated in accordance with the Issuer Deed 
of Charge (see “— Issuer Deed of Charge”, page 233, below). During an Enforcement Period, the 
Obligor Accounts will be operated in accordance with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
(see “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, above) and the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement (see “— Obligor Floating Charge Agreement”, page 214, above). 
Under the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement: 
(a) 
the Cash Manager: 
(i) 
is not permitted to sub contract or delegate the performance of any of its 
obligations to any sub-contractor, agent, representative or delegate (other than 
the Servicer or any Obligor), without the prior written consent of (A) in the case 
of the Issuer Accounts, the Note Trustee, and (B) in the case of the Obligor 
Accounts, the Obligor Security Trustee; and 
(ii) 
will give the Account Bank all directions necessary to enable the Account Bank to 
operate the Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement, the relevant mandates and normal banking practice; 
and 
(b) 
the Account Bank: 
(i) 
is appointed to maintain the Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement; 
(ii) 
undertakes not to exercise any rights of set-off, lien, counterclaim or consolidation 
of accounts in respect of the Accounts (other than the Collection Account and the 
Operating Accounts, in respect of which netting as between overdraft obligations 
owed by the Obligors to the Account Bank and Collection Account and Operating 
Account balances will be permitted); and

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
(iii) 
represents and warrants that it is an Eligible Bank. 
Requirement for Eligible Bank 
If the Account Bank ceases to be an Eligible Bank then within 30 Business Days of notification as 
such, the Cash Manager will be required (save in certain limited circumstances where there is no 
bank carrying on business in London which is an Eligible Bank) to arrange for the transfer of the 
Accounts, in each case to an Eligible Bank and on terms acceptable to the Note Trustee and the 
Obligor Security Trustee. 
Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer has established the Initial Issuer Account for the purpose of receiving payments in 
sterling from FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement and/or the Obligors under the 
Guarantees and making payments in sterling in accordance with the relevant Issuer Priority of 
Payments. 
In the event that the Issuer will be receiving or paying amounts in a currency for which the Issuer 
does not have an account, the Issuer shall instruct the Account Bank to open a new account (to 
be designated as an “Issuer Account”) in such currency. 
Collection Account 
Land Securities (Finance) Limited has established the Collection Account with the Account Bank 
for the principal purpose of collecting revenues and discharging Security Group operating 
expenses, although such account may be credited with any funds received by the Obligors which 
are not required under the Obligor Transaction Documents to be paid into any of the other Obligor 
Accounts and may be debited for any corporate purpose of any Obligor (including, without 
limitation, the crediting of such amounts to any Operating Account) subject to the Security Group 
Priority of Payments. 
The Collection Account may be overdrawn, except to the extent that such would result in Net 
Unsecured Debt being greater than the Unsecured Debt Limit. 
All rental income (including service and insurance charges) in respect of the Mortgaged Properties 
shall, among other cash receipts, be paid into the Collection Account. If any sum required to be 
paid into the Collection Account is denominated in a currency other than sterling, a sub-account 
of the Collection Account shall be established for the purpose of crediting sums in that currency. 
The Obligors shall be permitted to transfer any sums received into the Collection Accounts by 
way of rental income (including service and insurance charges) relating to properties which are 
not Mortgaged Properties to a Non-Restricted Group Entity, by way of repayment of Rental Loans. 
Operating Accounts 
Any Obligor may hold a current account with the Account Bank which shall be used primarily as 
an overdraft account, save to the extent that such would result in Net Unsecured Debt being 
greater than the Unsecured Debt Limit.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
Disposal Proceeds Account 
FinCo has established the Disposal Proceeds Account, the principal purpose of which is to receive 
and subsequently apply Sales Proceeds, Deemed Disposal Proceeds and certain insurance 
proceeds as more particularly described in “— Special Provisions Concerning Obligor Accounts”, 
page 153, above. 
Debt Collateralisation Account 
FinCo has established the Debt Collateralisation Account, which can be voluntarily funded at any 
time by the Obligors. Any drawings from such account may only be used to repay or Prepay Non 
Contingent Loans (including Buyback of Notes) or as otherwise permitted by the Common Terms 
Agreement (see “— Special Provisions Concerning Obligor Accounts”, page 153, above). 
Income Replacement Account 
FinCo has established the Income Replacement Account, the principal purpose of which is, for so 
long as a T3 Covenant Regime applies (subject always to the Surrender Threshold, where the 
Initial T3 Covenant Regime applies), to hold amounts which, along with the interest accruing, will 
be sufficient to replace the lost rental income resulting from Surrenders of material Leasing 
Agreements where the relevant Mortgaged Property is not re-let on terms that are substantially 
equivalent to the surrendered Leasing Agreement and to disburse to the Collection Account 
amounts equal to the rental income that has been so lost on the days on which it would otherwise 
have been paid by tenants (see “— Special Provisions Concerning Obligor Accounts”, page 153, 
above). In addition, a separate liquidity ledger of the Income Replacement Account may be 
established by the Cash Manager (see “— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, above). 
Tax Reserve Accounts 
The Obligors will be required to maintain certain reserves for tax under the Tax Deed of Covenant 
(including reserves for the payment of tax in respect of certain disposals and certain other 
transactions). These reserves will be deposited into the Tax Reserve Accounts, in accordance 
with the Tax Deed of Covenant. 
Any sum standing to the credit of the Tax Reserve Accounts will be released in order to pay the 
tax for which it was reserved and otherwise as permitted by, and in accordance with, the Tax Deed 
of Covenant. 
Swap Collateral Accounts 
Following a Swap Counterparty Downgrade, the relevant Swap Counterparty may be required to 
provide collateral to the Obligor party to the applicable Swap Agreement in support of such Swap 
Counterparty’s obligations under such Swap Agreement. Any such collateral will be held in a 
Swap Collateral Account (see “— Special Provisions Concerning Obligor Accounts”, page 153, 
above).

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Swap Excluded Amount Account 
To the extent that any payment is due to a Swap Counterparty following termination of any Swap 
Transaction, any premium received by an Obligor for entering into a replacement transaction will 
be deposited in a Swap Excluded Amount Account. Further, any tax credit received by an Obligor 
(in the form of a cash payment) in respect of any additional payment made by a Swap 
Counterparty to such Obligor as a result of the imposition of tax upon a payment due from such 
Swap Counterparty will be deposited in a Swap Excluded Amount Account. (see “— Special 
Provisions Concerning Obligor Accounts”, page 153, above  
Other Obligor Accounts 
In addition, the Obligors may be required to open and maintain the Liquidity Reserve Account 
(see “— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, above), a Development Account and the 
Development Accounts (see “— Developments in Partnerships and Non-UK Obligors”, page 141, 
above).  
Investing in Eligible Investments 
The Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement enables the Cash Manager to invest funds 
standing to the credit of certain of the Accounts in Eligible Investments. 
Account Bank: Responsibilities 
The Account Bank is obliged only to deal with the account holders in respect of the Issuer 
Accounts and the Obligor Accounts and the Note Trustee and Obligor Security Trustee as follows: 
(a) 
until enforcement of the Issuer Security or during an Enforcement Period in relation to the 
Obligor Security (see “— Extent of Roles”, page 220, above), the Account Bank will be 
able to assume that any requested withdrawal from the Issuer Accounts or the Obligor 
Accounts is permitted, and such accounts may be operated in accordance with the 
account mandates; and 
(b) 
after enforcement, in the case of the Issuer Accounts and during an Enforcement Period, 
in the case of the Obligor Accounts (i) the Issuer Accounts will be operated solely by the 
Note Trustee and (ii) the case of the Obligor Accounts will be operated solely by such of 
the Note Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee as may be jointly notified to the Account 
Bank by the Note Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee in writing. 
In neither case shall the Account Bank be obliged to enquire as to the application of any funds 
withdrawn from any of such accounts. 
Ledgers 
The Cash Manager is required to maintain ledgers in respect of the Debt Collateralisation 
Account, the Disposal Proceeds Account, the Income Replacement Account and the Tax Reserve 
Accounts as follows:

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
(a) 
Debt Collateralisation Account: The Cash Manager must establish a separate DCA 
Ledger for each ICL Loan and ACF Loan in respect of which a credit has been made to 
the Debt Collateralisation Account in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement 
(see “— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 115, above), the ledger amount to 
be equal to the credit to the Debt Collateralisation Account. To the extent that amounts 
are withdrawn from the Debt Collateralisation Account to repay or prepay principal in 
respect of any ICL Loan or ACF Loan, the corresponding DCA Ledger will be debited 
accordingly. 
(b) 
Disposal Proceeds Account: The Cash Manager must establish a ledger for each 
Mortgaged Property or, as the case may be, Obligor that is Disposed of or released from 
the Estate and in respect of which Sales Proceeds, Deemed Disposal Proceeds, 
insurance proceeds or certain amounts are credited to the Disposal Proceeds Account in 
accordance with the Common Terms Agreement, the ledger amount to be equal to the 
credit to the Disposal Proceeds Account. To the extent that amounts are withdrawn from 
the Disposal Proceeds Account, the Cash Manager shall make a corresponding debit to 
the ledger established for the Mortgaged Property or Obligor in respect of which such 
debit is made. 
(c) 
Income Replacement Account: The Cash Manager must establish a ledger for each 
Leasing Agreement that shall have been surrendered and in respect of which a Surrender 
Amount shall have been deposited into the Income Replacement Account, the ledger 
amount to be equal to the credit to the Income Replacement Account. To the extent that 
amounts are withdrawn from the Income Replacement Account, the Cash Manager shall 
make a corresponding debit to the ledger established for the relevant Surrender. 
(d) 
Tax Reserve Accounts: The Cash Manager must establish a ledger for each separate 
Disposal or Specified Arrangement in respect of which an amount has been credited to a 
Tax Reserve Account in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant, the ledger amount 
to be equal to the credit to such Tax Reserve Account. To the extent that amounts are 
withdrawn from such Tax Reserve Account in respect of a Tax Liability (or as a result of 
the extinguishment or non-existence of a Tax Liability) relating to that Disposal or 
Specified Arrangement, the Cash Manager shall make a corresponding debit to the ledger 
established for that Disposal or Specified Arrangement. 
The Cash Manager may make Eligible Investments to the extent of balances on the Debt 
Collateralisation Account, the Disposal Proceeds Account, the Income Replacement Account and 
the Tax Reserve Accounts (in the case of the Income Replacement Account, to the extent 
permitted by the Account Bank if a special deposit rate has been agreed) and certain other Obligor 
Accounts. In any such case, the Cash Manager will attribute the investment to a particular sub-
ledger (the “investment sub-ledger”) that relates to the relevant Obligor Account and shall debit 
the amount invested to a cash sub-ledger (the “cash sub-ledger”) and credit the corresponding 
investment sub ledger. The investment sub-ledger will be debited to the extent of any repayment 
or realisation in respect of the relevant investment and the cash sub-ledger will be credited with 
a corresponding sum. Any sum recovered or realised in respect of an Eligible Investment over 
and above the principal amount invested may be retained by the Cash Manager from the 
recovered or realised sum and credited to the Collection Account.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
VAT Group 
Certain members of the Security Group have been, are, or may in the future become, members 
of a group for VAT purposes. Supplies between members of the same VAT group are disregarded 
for VAT purposes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the majority of Obligors are members 
of a VAT group (the “Land Securities VAT Group”) which includes companies that are not 
Obligors but are members of the Landsec Group. The Cash Manager will be required to be a 
member of the Land Securities VAT Group. 
Governing Law 
The Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement will be governed by English law. 
H. 
SERVICING AGREEMENT 
On the Exchange Date, Land Securities Properties Limited (“LSP”), FinCo, the other Obligors, 
the Issuer, the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee entered into the Servicing 
Agreement. The Servicing Agreement was subsequently amended pursuant to the terms of an 
Amendment Agreement dated 14 November 2014 between Land Securities PLC, LSP and 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the “Servicer Amendment”).  
Under the Servicing Agreement, LSP was appointed as the initial Servicer of the Security Group 
and the Issuer. 
Services 
The Servicer will provide or procure the provision of, inter alia, the following services (the 
“Services”) to the Security Group: 
(a) 
management and administrative services (including administrative services, accounting, 
auditing, financing, taxation, treasury, debt management and legal services, corporate 
compliance and advice, trustee services, IT consultancy and company secretarial 
services); 
(b) 
portfolio management services (including operation, due diligence, management, 
funding, marketing, leasing, selling and purchasing of the Mortgaged Properties, dealing 
with sales enquiries and reports, rent reviews, tenant enquiries and administration, 
insurance and value enhancement, property encumbrance and rent collection and all 
capital, maintenance and other expenditure in, to or relating to the Mortgaged Properties 
or the business and assets of the Security Group); 
(c) 
services relating to the Security Group’s Developments (including all services in 
connection with the planning, management and delivery of development schemes); 
(d) 
cash management services to the Security Group (including performance of the duties of 
the Cash Manager under the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement);

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
(e) 
the appointment and management of, or procuration of, professional advisers, delegates, 
agents or contractors to perform any of the Services; and 
(f) 
any other services from time to time that may be agreed between any Obligor and the 
Servicer. 
The Servicer, in the Servicing Agreement, agrees to provide cash management services to the 
Issuer. 
The Servicer will also provide or procure the provision of services both to the Security Group and 
the Issuer, to enable them to comply with their obligations under the Transaction Documents. 
Servicer Loans 
The Security Group may request that LSP pays any of its ongoing fees and expenses. If LSP 
does so, the Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed provides that a Servicer Loan will be 
made by LSP to Land Securities (Finance) Limited (“LSF”) in the amount of the expense. The 
Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed further provides that each such Servicer Loan may be 
repaid on demand to LSP or, at the option of LSP, may be applied towards repayment of the Day 
One Loan (to the extent it remains outstanding) (see “— Land Securities Intra-Group Funding 
Deed” page 228, below). 
Standard of care 
The Servicer has agreed to perform the Services with due skill and care to the standard of a 
professional service provider engaged in the provision of services of a similar nature to persons 
carrying on businesses of a similar nature to those of the service recipients. 
Payment of fees 
The fees for the provision of the Services will be capped in any Financial Year at an amount per 
annum equal to 0.25% of the Market Value of the Estate during that Financial Year but such cap 
will not cover any fees charged by third parties who are engaged to provide the Services and 
whose fees are invoiced to the Security Group or any out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred 
by the Servicer in performing the Services and which are to be paid or reimbursed by the Security 
Group. The Principal Obligor (acting on behalf of the recipients of the Services) may agree with 
the Servicer to increase the fee cap or to change the method of calculating the fee cap, provided 
such increase or change would not cause the then current ratings of the Notes to be downgraded 
as a result. 
The fee in respect of services provided will be payable at such times as may be agreed between 
the Servicer and the Security Group from time to time. Any unpaid balance will be carried forward 
until the next payment date. 
In accordance with the terms of the Servicer Amendment, and notwithstanding the 
abovementioned fee cap, the Security Group may agree to pay additional amounts to the Servicer 
in connection with the provision of the Services as agreed between the Servicer and the Security 
Group from time to time (the “Additional Amounts”). However, no Additional Amounts shall be

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
paid to the Servicer if (a) an Enforcement Period is continuing or (b) such payment is prohibited 
from being paid under the terms of the other Obligor Transaction Documents. 
(g) 
Removal or resignation of the Servicer 
The Principal Obligor may (with the consent of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee) 
upon written notice to the Servicer, terminate the appointment of the Servicer as Servicer under 
the Servicing Agreement in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
default is made by the Servicer in the performance or observance of any of its duties or 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement which would reasonably be expected to have 
a Material Adverse Effect, and such default continues unremedied for a period of 20 
Business Days after receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the Principal Obligor 
(acting on behalf of the recipients of the Services) requiring the same to be remedied, 
provided that where the relevant default occurs as a result of a default by any person to 
whom the Servicer has subcontracted or delegated part of its duties or obligations, such 
default shall not constitute a termination event if, within such period of 20 Business Days, 
the Servicer terminates the relevant sub-contracting or delegation arrangements and 
takes such steps as the Principal Obligor (on behalf of the Service Recipients) may 
specify to remedy such default or to indemnify the Service Recipients against the 
consequences of such default; 
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for winding up the Servicer; 
(c) 
the Servicer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on its business or becomes unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due or otherwise becomes insolvent; or 
(d) 
proceedings are initiated against the Servicer under any applicable liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition, reorganisation (other than a reorganisation 
where the Servicer is solvent) or other similar laws, save where such proceedings are 
being contested in good faith by the Servicer, or if the Servicer initiates or consents to 
judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, administration, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally (other than a reorganisation where 
the Servicer is solvent), 
provided that a substitute servicer is appointed prior to such termination taking effect. 
Following an Enforcement Trigger Event (other than a P2 Trigger Event) and whilst it is continuing, 
the Obligor Security Trustee may (provided a substitute servicer is appointed) suspend the 
appointment of the Servicer during which time no fees or compensation will be payable to the 
Servicer and the Servicer will not be obliged to perform any of its duties or obligations during such 
period. 
Subject to the fulfilment of a number of conditions set out in the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer 
may voluntarily resign by giving not less than 12 months’ notice to the Principal Obligor, the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee, provided that a substitute servicer is appointed 
prior to the resignation taking effect.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
Right to sub contract and delegation by the Servicer 
The Servicer may sub contract or delegate from time to time the performance of its rights, duties, 
powers or obligations under the Servicing Agreement. However, the Servicer will remain primarily 
liable to the Obligors and the Issuer for the Services notwithstanding any such delegation or 
subcontracting. 
Governing Law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by English law. 
I. 
LAND SECURITIES INTRA-GROUP FUNDING DEED 
The Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed was entered into on the Exchange Date between 
LSP, LSF, the Obligors (other than FinCo) and certain Non-Restricted Group Entities (the 
“Participating NRGEs”). 
The Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed provides for all payments and loans made 
between Participating NRGEs and the Security Group (other than FinCo) to be between LSP and 
LSF. 
In this way, the aggregate amount owing by the Security Group (other than FinCo) to the Non-
Restricted Group, and vice versa, will be obligations only of LSF and LSP respectively. Moreover, 
the Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed will provide that any amounts due and owing to 
LSP from LSF may be netted against any amounts due and owing to LSF from LSP, subject to 
the treatment of Rental Loans and Servicer Loans, as described in “— Servicer Loans”, page 226, 
above and of Rental Loans as described below. 
On the Exchange Date certain of the loan relationships existing between the Non-Restricted 
Group and the Security Group were reorganised and, in combination with certain amounts 
payable by the Security Group to the Non-Restricted Group as part of the reorganisation, resulted 
in the Day One Loan being made by LSF to LSP. 
On and from the Exchange Date, rent and other amounts owed by tenants to Participating NRGEs 
will be paid into the Collection Account held with LSF, and the Land Securities Intra-Group 
Funding Deed will provide that a corresponding Rental Loan for such amount will be entered into 
between LSP and LSF. The Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed will further provide that 
each such Rental Loan may, at LSP’s option, be repaid on demand to LSP or, at the option of 
LSP, may be netted or set off against the Day One Loan (to the extent it remains outstanding). 
Governing Law 
The Land Securities Intra-Group Funding Deed is governed by English law.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
J. 
HEDGING ARRANGEMENTS 
Swap Agreements 
FinCo and various Swap Counterparties are party to 1992 ISDA Master Agreements 
(Multicurrency – Cross Border), together with the schedules thereto and any confirmation in 
respect of any transaction thereunder (each a “Swap Agreement”). The Swap Agreements (to 
the extent required by the Hedging Covenant) hedge the interest rate risk of the Security Group 
(taken as a whole) arising as a result of any Obligor being required to pay a floating rate of interest 
on Non-Contingent Loans.  
FinCo’s obligations to each Swap Counterparty are secured pursuant to the Obligor Security 
Documents. 
Pursuant to the Hedging Covenant described in the section entitled “— Swap Agreements and 
Hedging Covenant”, page 113 above, FinCo or any Financial SPV Obligor may enter into further 
Swap Agreements with qualifying counterparties. 
Termination 
FinCo is (and, in respect of any further Swap Agreement, the relevant Obligor will be) entitled to 
terminate some or all of the transactions entered into under the Swap Agreements in certain 
circumstances, including a failure to pay by a Swap Counterparty, certain insolvency events 
affecting a Swap Counterparty, breach of certain obligations under the Swap Agreement, credit 
support default, misrepresentation, merger without assumption, certain tax events, illegality 
affecting the Swap Agreement and a failure to take one of the actions specified below following a 
rating downgrade event affecting a Swap Counterparty. 
FinCo will, outside any Enforcement Period, also be and, in respect of any further Swap 
Agreement, the relevant Financial SPV Obligor will also be entitled to terminate all relevant 
transactions under the Swap Agreements at its discretion where it is of the reasonable opinion 
that each relevant transaction or part thereof is not required to ensure compliance with the 
Hedging Covenant. During any Enforcement Period (but prior to the delivery of a Loan 
Acceleration Notice), FinCo (or, in respect of any further Swap Agreement, the Obligor party 
thereto) shall be required to terminate all related Swap Transactions on a pro rata basis upon any 
repayment or prepayment of any Non-Contingent Loan. 
Each Swap Counterparty is entitled to terminate some or all of the transactions entered into under 
the relevant Swap Agreement in certain circumstances including those listed below: 
(a) 
a failure by FinCo or the relevant Financial SPV Obligor (as the case may be) to make a 
payment when due following the expiry of the applicable grace period; 
(b) 
certain insolvency events affecting the relevant Financial SPV Obligor (being, in 
summary, dissolution or the passing of a resolution for its winding-up or liquidation); 
(c) 
illegality affecting the relevant Swap Agreement;

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
(d) 
certain tax events (including as described below); 
(e) 
a Note Enforcement Notice is served in respect of the Notes and a Loan Acceleration 
Notice either has been or is delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee; 
(f) 
the Obligor Security Trustee, upon a Secured Creditor Instruction, giving a Loan 
Acceleration Notice and either (i) no Administrative Receiver or Receiver having been 
appointed or an Administrative Receiver or Receiver has been appointed but the 
appointment has been terminated; or (ii) an Administrative Receiver or Receiver has been 
appointed and not yet removed but either (a) the Total Collateral Value becomes less than 
£1,000,000,000 as a result of a disposition or (b) such Administrative Receiver or 
Receiver does not meet or does not continue to meet the relevant Obligor’s obligations 
as they fall due under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
It is anticipated that future Swap Agreements will contain similar termination rights subject to 
additions or restrictions agreed or required by the Rating Agencies. 
A termination payment may be due upon termination of some or all of the transactions under any 
Swap Agreement. 
Swap Counterparty Rating Downgrade 
If the short term or long term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of a 
Swap Counterparty are rated below the Swap Counterparty Minimum Short Term Ratings or the 
Swap Counterparty Minimum Long Term Ratings respectively (and, in the case of a downgrade 
by S&P or Fitch, as a result of such downgrade the then current rating of the Notes is downgraded 
or placed under review for possible downgrade by S&P or Fitch, as applicable) (a “Swap 
Counterparty Downgrade”), then such Swap Counterparty will be obliged, within a certain period 
of time, to take one of certain remedial measures which may include the following: 
(a) 
procure that a third party which is rated no lower than the Swap Counterparty Minimum 
Long Term Ratings and the Swap Counterparty Minimum Short Term Ratings specified 
by the Rating Agency (and as set out in the Swap Agreement) which has downgraded the 
relevant Swap Counterparty becomes a co-obligor or guarantor of the obligations of such 
Swap Counterparty; or 
(b) 
provide collateral in support of such Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the relevant 
Swap Agreement in the amounts specified in such Swap Agreement; or 
(c) 
subject to the restrictions on transfer described below, transfer all of its obligations with 
respect to the relevant Swap Agreement to a replacement third party which is rated no 
lower than the Swap Counterparty Minimum Long Term Ratings and the Swap 
Counterparty Minimum Short Term Ratings (as set out in the Swap Agreement); or 
(d) 
take such other action as may be agreed with the relevant Rating Agency. 
If such Swap Counterparty fails to take one of the actions described above within the applicable 
period of time following the Swap Counterparty Downgrade, then FinCo or the Financial SPV

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
Obligor that is party to the Swap Agreement will be entitled to terminate the relevant transactions 
under such Swap Agreement (such entitlement being subject to the requirement to find a 
replacement swap counterparty to the extent that termination of the relevant transactions under 
such Swap Agreement would result in a payment being due to the Swap Counterparty). 
Intercreditor rights 
All Swap Agreements will be secured by the Obligor Security. Swap Counterparties will not be 
entitled to vote on any issue (other than pursuant to its Blocking Rights as described in 
“Intercreditor arrangements – Specific rights for Swap Counterparties and Liquidity Facility 
Providers”, page 184 above) pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. As an Obligor 
Secured Creditor, each Swap Counterparty will be bound by the restrictions on taking action 
against Obligors otherwise than as permitted by the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments to be made by either party under the Swap Agreements are to be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of tax unless such deduction or withholding is required 
by applicable law. 
If FinCo or the Financial SPV Obligor that is party to the Swap Agreement is required to make 
such a deduction or withholding from any payment to be made to any Swap Counterparty under 
any Swap Agreement, FinCo or the Financial SPV Obligor, as the case may be, will not be 
required to gross up payments to the Swap Counterparty in respect of the amounts so required 
to be withheld or deducted, but the Swap Counterparty will, if such deduction or withholding is as 
a result of a change in law (or the application or official interpretation thereof), have the right to 
terminate the relevant transactions under the Swap Agreement (subject to the Swap 
Counterparty’s obligation to use reasonable efforts to transfer its rights and obligations in respect 
of such relevant transactions under the Swap Agreement to another office or to a third party swap 
provider such that payments made by or to that other office or third party swap provider in respect 
of such relevant transactions under the Swap Agreement can be made without any deduction or 
withholding for or on account of tax). 
If any Swap Counterparty is required to make a deduction or withholding for or on account of an 
Indemnifiable Tax (as defined in the Swap Agreement) from any payment to be made to FinCo or 
the Financial SPV Obligor, as the case may be, under any Swap Agreement, the sum to be paid 
by the Swap Counterparty will be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that, after that 
deduction or withholding is made, the amount received by FinCo or the Financial SPV Obligor, as 
the case may be, is equal to the amount that FinCo or the Financial SPV Obligor, as the case 
may be, would have received had that deduction or withholding not been required to be made. If 
such deduction or withholding is as a result of a change in law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof), the Swap Counterparty will in certain circumstances have the right to 
terminate the relevant transactions under the Swap Agreement (subject to the Swap 
Counterparty’s obligation to use reasonable efforts to transfer its rights and obligations in respect 
of such relevant transactions under the Swap Agreement to another office or to a third party swap 
provider such that payments made by or to that other office or third party swap provider in respect 
of such relevant transactions can be made without any deduction or withholding for or on account 
of tax).

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
Transfers 
A Swap Counterparty may, at its own cost, novate all its interest and obligations in and under the 
Swap Agreement to any third party provided that, amongst other requirements set out in the 
relevant Swap Agreement, such third party (or such third party’s guarantor) is rated no lower than 
the Swap Counterparty Minimum Long Term Ratings and the Swap Counterparty Minimum Short 
Term Ratings specified by the Rating Agencies (as set out in the Swap Agreement), a Termination 
Event or an Event of Default (both as defined in the Swap Agreement) will not occur as a result 
of the transfer and no additional amount will be payable as a result of such transfer by the Obligor 
to the Swap Counterparty or the replacement swap counterparty on the next date on which 
payment will be made in respect of a transaction under the Swap Agreement. It will be a condition 
of transfer that the replacement swap counterparty accedes to the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed and the Common Terms Agreement. 
Governing Law 
Each Swap Agreement is governed by English law. 
K. 
TAX DEED OF COVENANT 
The obligations of the Issuer, FinCo and the other Obligors under the Transaction Documents are 
supported by the Tax Deed of Covenant, under which the Issuer, FinCo, the Obligors and Land 
Securities Group PLC gave certain representations, warranties and covenants in relation to tax 
matters for the benefit of the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Tax Deed of Covenant, each of the Issuer, FinCo and the other 
Obligors made representations, warranties and covenants in relation to, among other things, the 
payment of tax by such companies, certain group tax matters, secondary tax liabilities and VAT 
grouping. Land Securities Group PLC also made certain representations, warranties and 
covenants relating to tax matters affecting the Issuer and the Security Group, including in relation 
to secondary tax liabilities. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant also contains provisions requiring the funding and release of reserves 
in relation to certain taxes arising to an Obligor as a result of the making of disposals, the entry 
into of Specified Arrangements, entry into of certain other types of transaction (including 
contingent tax liabilities arising to Obligors as a result of certain intra-group transactions) and also 
certain tax disputes where the effect of such transactions might result in a liability to Tax that 
exceeds a specified minimum threshold. The Tax Deed of Covenant also sets out certain 
confirmations required to be given in relation to certain such transactions. 
The Tax Deed of Covenant also contains provisions relating to the consequences for the Security 
Group where the entry into of a particular transaction at a time when the T1 or T2 Covenant 
Regime applies to the Security Group results in the operation of the Transaction LTV Test (in 
relation to the operation of the Transaction LTV Test, see “The Transaction LTV Test”, page 129, 
above). If the operation of the Transaction LTV Test results in the Transaction LTV exceeding the 
T2 Threshold, the Tax Deed of Covenant contains provisions which determine the amount (if any) 
to be reserved in respect of Disposal Tax or Transaction Tax (as the case may be) with respect to 
the relevant transaction and the circumstances in which any such reserve may be released.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
Governing Law 
The Tax Deed of Covenant is governed by English law. 
L. 
ISSUER DEED OF CHARGE 
Issuer Security 
The Notes and certain other obligations of the Issuer (including the amounts owing to the Note 
Trustee under the Trust Deed, to the Note Trustee and any receiver appointed under the Issuer 
Deed of Charge, to the Replacement Cash Manager and the Account Bank under the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement and to the Agents under the Agency Agreement) are 
secured by, inter alia, the following security interests: 
(a) 
a first fixed charge over the Issuer Accounts; 
(b) 
an assignment by way of security of the interests of the Issuer under each Issuer 
Transaction Document (other than the Trust Deed and the Issuer Deed of Charge); 
(c) 
an assignment and (in respect of the Issuer’s Scottish assets) an assignation by way of 
security of the beneficial rights (and, in respect of the Issuer’s Scottish assets, all rights) 
of the Issuer under the Obligor Transaction Documents; and 
(d) 
a first floating charge over the whole of the Issuer’s undertaking, assets, property and 
rights whatsoever and wheresoever, present and future, including its uncalled capital, 
all as more particularly set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Except where the Issuer has received funds from FinCo in Prepayment of any ICL Loan (in which 
case those funds will be applied as described in the sections entitled “— Prepayment of Non-
Contingent Loans”, page 115, above and “— Intercompany Loan Agreement”, page 216, above), 
prior to the delivery of a Note Enforcement Notice, amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer 
Accounts will be applied by the Issuer on each Note Payment Date in accordance with the 
following priority of payments (the “Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments”) in making 
payment of any amounts then due and payable (provided that payments may be made out of the 
Issuer Accounts other than on a Note Payment Date to satisfy liabilities in paragraphs (a)(ii) and 
(b) below: 
(a) 
first: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of (i) the amounts due in respect of Fees and Expenses payable to the 
Note Trustee, any Receiver under the Issuer Deed of Charge and the Trust Deed and (ii) 
the £1,000 deferred loan which the Issuer is obliged to make under the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement to each Additional Obligor on the date on which such Additional 
Obligor becomes a party to the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement;

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
(b) 
second: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of any amounts due and owing by the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
to third parties that have become payable under obligations incurred in the course 
of the Issuer’s business other than as provided elsewhere in this Issuer Pre 
Enforcement Priority of Payments; and 
(ii) 
in respect of all United Kingdom corporation tax and other tax under the laws of 
any jurisdiction for which, in each case, the Issuer is primarily liable; 
(c) 
third: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of any amounts which have become due 
and payable by the Issuer in respect of: 
(i) 
Fees and Expenses of the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer Agents 
and the Registrar incurred under the Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
Fees and Expenses of any Class R Agent under any Class R Underwriting 
Agreement; 
(iii) 
Fees and Expenses of the Account Bank under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Fees and Expenses of the Replacement Cash Manager under the Account Bank 
and Cash Management Agreement; 
(d) 
fourth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of interest due but unpaid in respect of 
the Priority 1 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(e) 
fifth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of interest due but unpaid in respect of 
the Priority 2 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(f) 
sixth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of principal and all other amounts then 
due in respect of the Priority 1 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(g) 
seventh: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of principal due but unpaid in respect of 
the Priority 2 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(h) 
eighth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of principal due but unpaid in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts);

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
(i) 
ninth: in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due in respect of any Note Step-Up 
Amounts in respect of Priority 1 Notes; 
(j) 
tenth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of interest due but unpaid in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(k) 
eleventh: in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due in respect of any Note Step-Up 
Amounts in respect of Priority 2 Notes; 
(l) 
twelfth: in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due in respect of any Note Step-Up 
Amounts in respect of Subordinated Notes; and 
(m) 
thirteenth: the surplus (if any) to the Issuer or any other person entitled thereto. 
Any Class of Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme will rank after the Priority 1 Notes 
and the Priority 2 Notes in point of security. The precise ranking of any Class of Subordinated 
Notes relative to any other Class of Subordinated Notes (in respect of the various categories of 
claims in respect thereof) will be designated in accordance with the Secondary Debt Rank to be 
made in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement (see “— Ranking of Financial 
Indebtedness”, page 106, above). 
Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
All monies received or recovered by the Note Trustee or any Receiver appointed under the Issuer 
Deed of Charge following the enforcement of the Issuer Security will be applied in accordance 
with the following priority of payment (the “Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments”): 
(a) 
first: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of Fees and Expenses payable to the 
Note Trustee, any Receiver under the Issuer Deed of Charge and the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
second: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of any amounts which have become due 
and payable by the Issuer in respect of: 
(i) 
Fees and Expenses of the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer Agents 
and the Registrar incurred under the Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
Fees and Expenses of any Class R Agent under any Class R Underwriting 
Agreement; 
(iii) 
Fees and Expenses of the Account Bank under the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Fees and Expenses of the Replacement Cash Manager under the Account Bank 
and Cash Management Agreement;

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
(c) 
third: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of interest due but unpaid in respect of 
the Priority 1 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(d) 
fourth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of principal and all other amounts then 
due in respect of the Priority 1 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(e) 
fifth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of interest due but unpaid in respect of 
the Priority 2 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(f) 
sixth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of principal due but unpaid in respect of 
the Priority 2 Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(g) 
seventh: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of interest due but unpaid in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(h) 
eighth: in or towards satisfaction, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of the amounts due in respect of principal due but unpaid in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes (other than any Note Step-Up Amounts); 
(i) 
ninth: in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due in respect of any Note Step-Up 
Amounts in respect of Priority 1 Notes; 
(j) 
tenth: in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due in respect of any Note Step-Up 
Amounts in respect of Priority 2 Notes; 
(k) 
eleventh: in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due in respect of any Note Step-Up 
Amounts in respect of Subordinated Notes; and 
(l) 
twelfth: the surplus (if any) to the Issuer or any other person entitled thereto. 
The precise ranking of any Class of Subordinated Notes relative to any other Class of 
Subordinated Notes (in respect of the various categories of claims in respect thereof) will be 
designated in accordance with the Secondary Debt Rank to be made in accordance with the 
Common Terms Agreement (see “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above). 
Governing Law 
The Issuer Deed of Charge is governed by English law provided that certain terms thereof are 
governed by Scots law or Jersey law.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
Chapter 5 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes under the Programme (other than any Class R Notes, 
in the case of which some or all of the proceeds of issue may be applied in repurchasing the same 
in whole or in part on the relevant Issue Date) will be on-lent to FinCo under the terms of the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement to be applied by FinCo for the Security Group’s lawful purposes, 
including the making of loans to Non-Restricted Group Entities and the payment of dividends and 
other Restricted Payments. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use 
of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. In particular, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds from an offer of Notes specifically 
for Green Projects. Such Notes may also be referred to as Green Bonds. For further information 
in relation to how the proceeds of such Green Bonds may be used to fund eligible green projects 
that support the Landsec Group’s business strategy, see “— Green Bond Framework, page 251, 
below).  
Where Class R Notes are resold by the Issuer to the Class R Underwriters, the net proceeds of 
such sale will be applied in making a revolving loan to FinCo, pursuant to the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement, which will be available for any lawful purpose of FinCo.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Chapter 6 
The Issuer 
Introduction 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC was incorporated in England on 30 July 2004 under the 
Companies Act 1985 as a public company with limited liability under registered number 05193511. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL (telephone number 
+44 (0)20 7413 9000). The share capital of the Issuer is 50,000 ordinary shares of a nominal or 
par value of £1 each, fully paid up. All of the issued ordinary shares are held by Land Securities 
PLC apart from two such shares, legal title to which is held by a nominee company on trust for 
Land Securities PLC. 
Principal Activities 
The Issuer was incorporated for the purpose of issuing the Notes. 
The principal objects of the Issuer are set out in its Memorandum of Association and include 
carrying on the business of an investment company. 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental 
to its incorporation, the authorisation and issue of the Notes, the other documents and matters 
referred to or contemplated in the Offering Circular and this Base Prospectus to which it is or will 
be a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
There is no intention to accumulate surpluses in the Issuer except in the circumstances set out in 
“− Issuer Deed of Charge”, page 233, above. 
The Issuer has covenanted to observe certain restrictions on its activities, which are set out in the 
Trust Deed. 
Directors 
The directors of the Issuer and their respective business addresses and occupations are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Rosalind Futter 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Group Finance Director, Landsec 
Group 
Cassani Mairs 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Finance Transformation Director, 
Landsec Group 
Leigh-Anne Sellars 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Finance Director - Urban 
Opportunities and Development, 
Landsec Group 
Vanessa Simms 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Chief Financial Officer, Landsec 
Group 
Martin Worthington 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Tax Director, Landsec Group

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Leigh McCaveny is the Company Secretary. 
The Issuer has no employees or premises. The Issuer maintains independent directors to ensure 
that its board exercises independent control.  In addition, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between any duties to the Issuer of the directors of the Issuer and their private interests and/or 
other duties.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
Chapter 7 
FinCo 
Introduction 
LS Property Finance Company Limited was incorporated in England on 25 June 2004 under the 
Companies Act 1985 as a private company with limited liability with registered number 05163698. 
The registered office of FinCo is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL (telephone number 
+44 (0)20 7413 9000). The share capital of FinCo is 100 shares of a nominal or par value of £1 
each fully paid. All of the issued ordinary shares are held by Land Securities PLC. 
Principal Activities 
FinCo was incorporated for the purpose of entering into, and performing its obligations under, the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement with the Issuer, ACF Agreements with ACF Providers, Swap 
Agreements with the Swap Counterparties, Liquidity Facility Agreements with Liquidity Facility 
Providers and on-lending the proceeds of any loans from the Issuer or any ACF Provider to any 
Obligor. 
The principal objects of FinCo are set out in its Memorandum of Association and include carrying 
on the business of an investment company. 
FinCo has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental to its 
incorporation, the authorisation of the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Initial ACF Agreement, 
the Existing ACF Agreements, any Further ACF Agreements and the other documents and 
matters referred to or contemplated in the Offering Circular or this Base Prospectus to which it is 
or will be a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
FinCo will covenant to observe certain restrictions on its activities which will be set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement. 
Directors and Company Secretary of FinCo 
The directors of FinCo and their respective business addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Elizabeth Gillbe 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Group Financial Controller, 
Landsec Group 
Cassani Mairs 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Finance Transformation Director, 
Landsec Group 
Vanessa Simms 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Chief Financial Officer, Landsec 
Group 
Rosalind Futter 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Group Finance Director, Landsec 
Group 
Martin Worthington 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Tax Director, Landsec Group 
LS Company Secretaries Limited is the Company Secretary.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
FinCo maintains independent directors to ensure that its board exercises independent control.  In 
addition, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to FinCo of the directors 
of FinCo and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
Chapter 8 
Land Securities Group PLC 
Introduction 
Land Securities Group PLC is a public company with limited liability incorporated in England on 
7 February 2002 under the Companies Act 1985 with registered number 04369054 and whose 
registered office is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL (telephone number +44 (0)20 7413 
9000). The ordinary share capital of Land Securities Group PLC is listed by the Financial Conduct 
Authority and is traded on the regulated market of the London Stock Exchange. 
Land Securities Group PLC is the ultimate parent of the Landsec Group.  
Major Shareholders 
No one single shareholder holds more than 11% of the shares in Land Securities Group PLC. 
BlackRock Inc hold shares across six different funds, the largest holding being BlackRock 
Investment Management Ltd with 10.78%. The principal shareholders of the Land Securities 
Group PLC as at 31 March 2022 are as follows: 
Blackrock, Inc.  
10.78% 
Government of Norway (via its funds) 
9.16% 
Schroders plc 
5.12% 
State Street Corporation 
4.56% 
The Vanguard Group Inc. 
4.50% 
Legal & General Group 
3.35% 
Directors and Company Secretary of Land Securities Group PLC 
The directors of Land Securities Group PLC and their respective business addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Nicholas Cadbury 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Non-executive Director 
Edward Bonham Carter 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Non-executive Director 
Madeleine Cosgrave  
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Non-executive Director 
Christophe Evain  
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Non-executive Director 
Manjiry Tamhane 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Non-executive Director 
Cressida Hogg 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Chairman 
Mark Allan 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Chief Executive Officer 
Vanessa Simms 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Chief Financial Officer

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Colette O’Shea 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Chief Operating Officer 
Leigh McCaveny is the Company Secretary. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Land Securities Group PLC of 
the directors of Land Securities Group PLC and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
Chapter 9 
Main Obligors 
A. 
LAND SECURITIES PLC 
Introduction 
Land Securities PLC was incorporated in England on 1 July 1955 as a private company with 
limited liability with registered number 00551412. It was re-registered on 18 December 1981 as a 
public company with limited liability. The registered office of Land Securities PLC is at 100 Victoria 
Street, London SW1E 5JL (telephone number +44 (0)20 7413 9000). The share capital of Land 
Securities PLC is 530,791,385 ordinary shares of a nominal or par value of £1 each, fully paid up 
and one deferred ordinary share of £1 fully paid up. All of the issued ordinary shares are held by 
Land Securities Intermediate Limited apart from one ordinary share, legal title to which is held by 
Land Securities Group PLC. 
Principal Activities 
The principal objects of Land Securities PLC are set out in its Memorandum of Association and 
include carrying on the business of a property holding and investment trust company. 
Directors and Company Secretary of Land Securities PLC 
The directors of Land Securities PLC and their respective business addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Mark Allan 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Group Chief Executive, Landsec 
Group 
Rosalind Futter 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Group Finance Director, Landsec 
Group 
Cassani Mairs 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Finance Transformation Director, 
Landsec Group 
Vanesa Simms 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Chief Financial Officer, Landsec 
Group 
Leigh-Anne Sellars 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Finance Director – Urban 
Opportunities and Development, 
Landsec Group 
Martin Worthington 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Tax Director, Landsec Group 
LS Company Secretaries Limited is the Company Secretary. 
B. 
LS ONE NEW CHANGE LIMITED 
Introduction 
LS One New Change Limited was incorporated in England on 22 February 2001 as a private 
company with limited liability with registered number 04165856 under the Companies Act 1985.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
The registered office of LS One New Change Limited is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL 
(telephone number +44 (0)20 7413 9000). The share capital of LS One New Change Limited is 
233,500,001 shares of a nominal or par value of £1 each, fully paid up and held by LS London 
Holdings One Limited. 
Principal Activities 
The principal objects of LS One New Change Limited are set out in its Memorandum of 
Association and include carrying on the business of a property investment company. 
Directors and Company Secretary of LS One New Change Limited 
The directors of LS One New Change Limited and their respective business addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Leigh McCaveny 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Interim Company Secretary, 
Landsec Group 
Land Securities Management 
Services Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Director Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Company Secretaries Limited is the Company Secretary. 
C. 
BLUECO LIMITED 
Introduction 
Blueco Limited was incorporated in England on 9 May 1996 as a private company with limited 
liability with registered number 03196199. The registered office of Blueco Limited is at 100 Victoria 
Street, London SW1E 5JL (telephone number +44 (0)20 7413 9000). The share capital of Blueco 
Limited is 10 ordinary A shares of a nominal or par value of £1 each and 249,999,990 ordinary B 
shares of a nominal or par value of £1 each, all of which have been issued and are fully paid up. 
All of the issued ordinary shares are held by Greenhithe Holdings Limited (Jersey) which is 100% 
owned by Land Securities Portfolio Management Limited. 
Principal Activities 
The principal objects of Blueco Limited are set out in its Memorandum of Association and include 
carrying on the business of a property investment company.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
Directors and Company Secretary of BlueCo Limited 
The directors of Blueco Limited and their respective business addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Rosalind Futter 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Group Finance Director, 
Landsec Group 
Land Securities Management 
Services Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Director Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Company Secretaries Limited is the Company Secretary. 
D. 
LS HOTELS LIMITED 
Introduction 
LS Hotels Limited was incorporated in England on 10 January 2007 as a private company with 
limited liability with registered number 06046966. The registered office of LS Hotels Limited is at 
100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL (telephone number +44 (0)20 7413 9000). The share 
capital of LS Hotels Limited is 190,000,001 ordinary shares of a nominal or par value of £1 each, 
fully paid up. All of the issued ordinary shares are held by Land Securities Portfolio Management 
Limited. 
Principal Activities 
The principal objects of LS Hotels Limited are set out in its Memorandum of Association and 
include carrying on the business of a property investment company. 
Directors and Company Secretary of LS Hotels Limited 
The directors of LS Hotels Limited and their respective business addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Leigh McCaveny 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Interim Company Secretary, 
Landsec Group 
Land Securities Management 
Services Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Director Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Company Secretaries Limited is the Company Secretary.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
E. 
THE CITY OF LONDON REAL PROPERTY COMPANY LIMITED 
Introduction 
The City of London Real Property Company Limited was incorporated in England on 11 April 1864 
as a private company with limited liability with registered number 00001160. The registered office 
of The City of London Real Property Company Limited is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 
5JL (telephone number +44 (0)20 7413 9000). The share capital of The City of London Real 
Property Company Limited is 99,999,808 ordinary shares of a nominal or par value of £1 each, 
fully paid up. All of the issued ordinary shares are held by LS London Holdings One Limited. 
Principal Activities 
The principal objects of The City of London Real Property Company Limited are set out in its 
Memorandum of Association and include carrying on the business of a property investment 
company. 
Directors and Company Secretary of The City Of London Real Property Company Limited 
The directors of The City of London Real Property Company Limited and their respective business 
addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Martin Worthington 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Tax Director, Landsec Group 
Land Securities Management 
Services Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Director Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Company Secretaries Limited is the Company Secretary. 
F. 
LS CARDINAL LIMITED 
Introduction 
LS Cardinal Limited was incorporated in England on 15 October 2010 as a private company with 
limited liability with registered number 07409594 under the Companies Act 2006. The registered 
office of LS Cardinal Limited is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL (telephone number +44 
(0)20 7413 9000). The share capital of LS Cardinal Limited is 496,000,002 shares of a nominal 
or par value of £1 each, fully paid up and held by LS London Holdings One Limited. 
Principal Activities 
The principal objects of LS Cardinal Limited are set out in its Memorandum of Association and 
include carrying on the business of a property investment company.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
Directors and Company Secretary of LS Cardinal Limited 
The directors of LS Cardinal Limited and their respective business addresses are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Occupation 
Leigh McCaveny 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Interim Company Secretary, 
Landsec Group 
Land Securities Management 
Services Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Director Limited 
100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL 
Corporate Director 
LS Company Secretaries Limited is the Company Secretary. 
G. 
REMAINING OBLIGORS 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not consider that a separate description 
of the further Obligors set out in Schedule 1 (Details of Obligors as at the Date of this Base 
Prospectus) is necessary information which is material to an investor in the Notes. 
The remaining Obligors set out in Schedule 1 (Details of Obligors as at the Date of this Base 
Prospectus) are the legal owners of property assets which combined with properties owned by 
the main Obligors described in this Chapter 9 form the Security Group Total Collateral Value. 
The remaining Obligors set out in Schedule 1 (Details of Obligors as at the Date of this Base 
Prospectus) are members of the Landsec Group, and the risk factors set out in Chapter 2, “Risk 
Factors” page beginning on page 42 above are to be understood accordingly. 
Financial and statistical data relevant to the Obligors, including those Obligors in Schedule 1 
(Details of Obligors as at the Date of this Base Prospectus) not specifically described in this 
Chapter 9, are set out in Chapter 12 “Valuation of the Estate”, page 257, below.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
Chapter 10 
Landsec Group Business and Information regarding the Estate 
Introduction 
The Landsec Group is a property investment and development group operating only in the United 
Kingdom, providing commercial accommodation and property services to a wide range of 
occupiers across the UK. Its property holdings comprise investment properties together with 
operating properties. 
The Landsec Group’s investment properties are currently concentrated in two principal segments 
of the UK commercial property market. These are: 
(a) 
Central London offices; and 
(b) 
retail, which includes shopping centres, retail warehouses, out of town retail parks across 
the UK and Central London, 
with a smaller portfolio of leisure and hotel properties and a stated strategic intention to diversify 
further into mixed-use urban neighbourhoods over time. 
As at 31 March 2022, the Landsec Group’s total investment portfolio was valued at £12,017 
million. The investment portfolio comprised 152 assets. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the majority of the Landsec Group’s investment portfolio forms part of the Estate.  
The Estate 
Landsec Group is made up of two sub-groups: (i) the Security Group (comprising the Obligors 
and the Issuer) and (ii) the Non-Restricted Group. 
The Estate comprised in the Security Group is the majority of the investment portfolio of the 
Landsec Group as a whole, comprising a portfolio of diverse property assets and rental income 
across all the sectors referred to in the section entitled “– Introduction” above. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Estate owned by the Security Group constitutes 120 
Mortgaged Properties and six Further Credit Assets. According to the Valuation of the Estate as 
at 31 March 2022 (see Chapter 12 “Valuation of the Estate”, page 257, below for a summary of 
thereof), the Market Value of the Mortgaged Properties comprised in the Estate and Further Credit 
Assets as at the date of valuation on 31 March 2022 was £11,240,779,000, the estimated net 
rental income was £509 million and the gross estimated rental value (including development sites) 
was £748 million. The estimated net rental income at the date of this Base Prospectus was £502 
million and the gross estimated rental value (including development sites) was £753 million.  
It is intended to actively manage the Estate and Further Credit Assets of the Security Group so 
as to enhance property asset values and future income generation, including but not limited to 
the use of selective acquisitions and disposals, investment in appropriate partnerships and joint 
ventures, refurbishment of the existing Estate where appropriate and ongoing development.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
The Estate has characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce funds to service any 
payments due on the Notes. 
Market Value of the Estate by Region and Sector 
The table below shows the Market Value of the Estate and Further Credit Assets by Region and 
Sector as at 31 March 2022. 
Market Value of the Estate and Further Credit Assets by Region and Sector 
(As at 31 March 2022) % figures calculated by reference to the Market Value of the Estate and 
Further Credit Assets of £11,240,779,000 (as set out in the Valuation of the Estate as at 31 March 
2022).  
Property 
location 
Offices 
Shops & 
Shopping 
Centres 
Retail 
Warehouses
Residential
Leisure 
& Hotels 
Total 
  
% 
% 
% 
% 
% 
% 
London 
59.2
11.5
0.3
0.5
3.2
74.8
South East & 
Eastern 
0.1
8.2
3.2
-
2.5
14.0
Wales & South 
West 
-
1.9
-
-
0.4
2.3
Midlands 
-
-
0.6
-
0.6
1.2
North 
0.1
3.9
-
-
1.7
5.6
Scotland 
-
1.2
-
-
0.8
2.0
Total 
59.5
26.8
4.1
0.5
9.1
100.0
 
Top Ten Properties by Market Value 
The top ten properties by Market Value (according to the Valuation of the Estate as at 31 March 
2022) that were comprised in the Estate and Further Credit Assets account for 44.1% of the 
Market Value of the Estate and Further Credit Assets.  
Percentage of the Estate and Further Credit Assets by Market Value and number of 
Holdings 
The table below shows the percentage of the Estate and Further Credit Assets by Market Value 
and number of holdings as at 31 March 2022.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
Percentage of the Estate and Further Credit Assets by Market Value (as at 31 March 2022) 
and number of Holdings  
£m
Value %
No. of Holdings
0-9.99
1.7
36
10-24.99
4.2
24
25-49.99
6.9
17
50-99.99
12.8
18
Over 100
74.4
31
100.0
126
  
Top Three Tenants as a percentage of total Rental Income 
The table below shows the top three tenants in relation to the Estate and Further Credit Assets 
as a percentage of total Rental Income as at 31 March 2022.  
Top Three Tenants 
(as at 31 March 2022) 
Rental Income 
Paid as a 
percentage of 
total Rental 
Income of the 
Estate 
(Contracted 
Rent)
The Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government 
7.2%
Deloitte LLP 
6.7%
Accor UK Business & Leisure Hotels 
2.9% 
TOTAL 
16.9%%
Green Bond Framework 
In November 2019 the Landsec Group produced a Green Bond framework which outlines how 
Landsec propose to use the proceeds of Green Bonds to fund eligible green projects that support 
the Landsec Group’s business strategy. The Green Bond framework may be updated or replaced 
from time to time.  
Proceeds from the issuance of Green bonds will be used to (re)finance, in part or in full, new 
and/or existing eligible green assets and eligible green projects. These include: 
• 
Green buildings 
• 
Renewable energy 
• 
Energy efficiency 
• 
Sustainable water and wastewater 
• 
Waste management 
• 
Clean transportation

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
Further details on the eligibility criteria for green assets and green projects is contained in the 
framework (as updated and/or replaced from time to time) which can be found on the Landsec 
website: https://landsec.com/investorsdebt-investors/green-bonds. 
The Green Bond framework also outlines how Landsec will report on the allocation of Green Bond 
proceeds and the impact of the green assets/green projects. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus the responsibility for setting the sustainability strategy and targets for the Landsec 
Group sits with the Executive Leadership Team, previously covered by the Sustainability 
Committee. A dedicated Green Bond Committee is responsible for identifying, selecting and 
monitoring eligible green assets and eligible green projects to be funded by Green Bonds. 
The Green Bond framework has been reviewed by Sustainalytics, an independent environmental, 
social and governance research, ratings and analytics firm which provided a second party opinion 
and concluded that the framework is credible, robust and aligns with the four pillars of the 
International Capital Markets Association’s Green Bond Principles 2018. This report is available 
on the Landsec website: https://landsec.com/investorsdebt-investors/green-bonds. Unless 
expressly incorporated by reference herein, the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  Any future updates to the Green 
Bond framework or its replacements are expected to undergo a similar assessment by a second 
party opinion provider, as applicable at the time.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
Chapter 11 
Certain Legislative Considerations 
UK Tax - REITs 
The group of companies of which Land Securities Group PLC is the principal company (for the 
purposes of section 606 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010) converted to real estate investment trust 
(“REIT”) status on 1 January 2007. Broadly, the effect of being a REIT is that Land Securities 
Group PLC and certain of its subsidiaries the (“LS REIT Group”) benefit from an exemption from 
corporation tax on income from property rental business (referred to as “qualifying rental income”) 
and on the gains on disposal of investment properties that were used for the purpose of its 
property rental business or, from April 2019, a right or interest in a company which is UK property-
rich to the extent, and in such proportion as, that company’s assets are used for the purpose of 
the UK property business (such business of the LS REIT Group referred to as “tax exempt 
business”). For these purposes, a property rental business consists of every business which the 
LS REIT Group (or the company in which a right or interest is being disposed of by an LS REIT 
Group member) carries on for the purposes of generating income from land in the United Kingdom 
and abroad and every transaction which the group of companies enters into for that purpose, 
excluding certain non-qualifying activities and income. It should be noted that if a property was 
acquired by an LS REIT Group member, and then developed such that the cost of the 
development exceeds 30% of the fair value of the property at acquisition, the disposal of such 
property within 3 years of completion of the development to a person who is not a member of the 
LS REIT Group will not be treated as having been disposed of as part of the property rental 
business, and will therefore not benefit from the exemption with respect to any gains on the 
disposal. Corresponding rules have been introduced from April 2019 so that disposals of a right 
or interest in a UK property rich company, where such UK property rich company has acquired 
and developed one or more properties at a cost of more than 30% of the fair value of the property 
at acquisition, within 3 years of completion of the development, are also excluded from the 
exemption. 
Since 1 January 2007 the LS REIT Group has satisfied the conditions set out in Part 12 of the 
Corporation Tax Act 2010 in each accounting period ended before the date of this Base 
Prospectus and has therefore maintained REIT status. One of the conditions of maintaining REIT 
status is the requirement to distribute at least 90% of the profits of the group’s tax exempt business 
to shareholders (save in certain limited circumstances whereby there may be a requirement to 
distribute 100% of certain types of exempt profits). This is a requirement of Land Securities Group 
PLC, as the principal company of the LS REIT Group and there is no consequential legislative 
requirement for Obligors to make any such distribution (though if such Obligors were not to make 
sufficient distributions, Land Securities Group PLC may not be able to meet this requirement). 
However, failure to satisfy this distribution test results in a tax charge only in the principal company 
of the LS REIT Group. If the external interest cover ratio of the LS REIT Group’s property rental 
business (which is calculated by dividing the group’s property rental business profits by the total 
financing costs incurred in respect of the property rental business of the group, excluding intra-
group financing costs) is less than 1.25 in respect of any accounting period (including as a result 
of borrowing by the Security Group), a tax charge calculated by reference to the excess interest 
or, if lower, 20 per cent. of the group’s property rental business profits for accounting periods 
beginning on or after 17 July 2012, is imposed only on the principal company of the LS REIT 
Group.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
Insolvency Considerations  
Appointment of an Administrative Receiver 
At any time after the Obligor Security has become enforceable, the Obligor Security Trustee 
(provided that it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) shall, as directed by a Secured 
Creditor Instruction, pursue a number of different remedies. One such remedy is (in relation to 
security held by the Obligor Security Trustee) the appointment of a receiver over specific property 
or (in relation to security held by the Obligor Security Trustee or the Issuer) over all, or part, of the 
Mortgaged Properties. Likewise, at any time after the Issuer Security has become enforceable, 
the Note Trustee may (provided it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) pursue a 
number of different remedies. One such remedy is the appointment of a receiver of all or part of 
the assets and undertaking of the Issuer. 
The holder of a qualifying floating charge created on or after 15 September 2003 will be prohibited 
from appointing an administrative receiver and, consequently, will be unable to prevent the 
chargor entering into administration, unless the floating charge falls within one of the exceptions 
set out in Sections 72B to 72GA of the Insolvency Act.  
The Insolvency Act also contains an out-of-court route into administration for a qualifying floating 
charge holder, the directors or the relevant company itself. Notice must be given to any person 
who is or may be entitled to appoint an administrative receiver and to a qualifying floating charge 
holder of the directors’/company’s intention to appoint administrators out of court. During the 
notice period, the holder of the floating charge can either appoint an administrative receiver (if an 
exception applies), agree to the appointment of the administrator proposed by the directors or the 
company or appoint an alternative administrator; although the moratorium on enforcement of the 
relevant security will take effect immediately after a copy of the notice of intention to appoint is 
filed at court, this would not prevent the qualifying floating charge holder from taking the above 
steps during the notice period. If the qualifying floating charge holder does not respond to the 
directors’ or company’s notice of intention to appoint, the directors’, or, as the case may be, the 
company’s appointee may be appointed after the notice period has elapsed. 
The administration provisions of the Insolvency Act give primary emphasis to the rescue of the 
company as a going concern. The purpose of realising property to make a distribution to one or 
more secured creditors is subordinated to the primary purposes of rescuing the company as a 
going concern or achieving a better result for the creditors as a whole than would be likely if the 
company were wound up (without first being in administration). No assurance can be given that 
the primary purposes of the provisions of the Insolvency Act will not conflict with the interests of 
Noteholders were the Issuer or FinCo ever subject to administration. 
Administration 
If the Obligor Security Trustee or the Note Trustee is prohibited from appointing an administrative 
receiver by virtue of the prohibition referred to above or fails to exercise its right to appoint an 
administrative receiver within the relevant notice period, and the Obligor or, as the case may be, 
the Issuer were to go into administration, the expenses of the administration would also rank 
ahead of the claims of the Obligor Security Trustee, the Issuer or the Note Trustee (as the case 
may be) as floating charge holder. Furthermore, in such circumstances, the administrator would

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
be free to dispose of floating charge assets without the leave of the court, although the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Issuer or the Note Trustee (as the case may be) would have the same priority 
in respect of the property of the company representing the floating charge assets disposed of (if 
any) as it would have had in respect of such floating charge assets. 
Recharacterisation of Fixed Security Interests 
There is a possibility that a court could find that certain of the fixed security interests expressed 
to be created by the Obligor Security Documents which are governed by English law could take 
effect as floating charges notwithstanding that they are expressed to be fixed charges. 
Where the chargor is free to deal with the charged assets without the consent of the chargee, the 
court would be likely to hold that the security interest in question constitutes a floating charge, 
notwithstanding that it may be described as a fixed charge. 
Whether the fixed security interests will be upheld as fixed security interests rather than floating 
security interests will depend, among other things, on whether the Obligor Security Trustee or, as 
the case may be, the Note Trustee has the requisite degree of control over the chargor’s ability 
to deal in the relevant assets and the proceeds thereof and, if so, whether such control is 
exercised by the Obligor Security Trustee or, as the case may be, the Note Trustee in practice. 
It should be noted that the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed contain an express freedom 
granted to the Security Group freely to deal with its assets, save for where it is restricted from, 
amongst other things, disposing of Mortgaged Properties, changing the Sector allocated to a 
Mortgaged Property, disposing of shares in members of the Security Group and making 
withdrawals from Obligor Accounts by virtue of the existence of security interests over the 
Mortgaged Properties and the provisions of the relevant Obligor Transaction Documents (see 
further “— Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed”, page 171, above). As a consequence of this 
express freedom to deal, the purported grant of a fixed charge by an Obligor over a particular 
asset may in practice take effect as a floating charge. Given the restrictions on dealings in relation 
to the Mortgaged Properties, the Disposal Proceeds Account, the Income Replacement Account, 
the Debt Collateralisation Account, the Tax Reserve Accounts and the Issuer Accounts, the fixed 
charges that are expressed to be granted in respect of them are likely to take effect as fixed 
security interests; although note that in situations where there is a purported fixed charge on a 
class of assets and, while the fixed nature of the charge is not capable of challenge in respect of 
some (even most) of the assets in the class, it is not fixed in respect of the rest of the assets in 
the class (for instance, as a result of a lack of control). In such a situation, the charge on the whole 
class of assets will likely be characterised as a floating charge. 
If the fixed security interests are recharacterised as floating security interests, the claims of (i) the 
unsecured creditors of the relevant Obligor or, as the case may be, of the Issuer in respect of that 
part of the Obligor’s or, as the case may be, the Issuer’s net property which is ring-fenced as a 
result of section 176A of the Insolvency Act, (ii) certain statutorily defined preferential creditors 
(including certain taxes owed to HMRC) of the relevant Obligor or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
and (iii) in the case of administration (or liquidation) of an Obligor or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer, the administrator (or liquidator, as appropriate) as regards their expenses, may have 
priority over the rights of the Obligor Security Trustee or the Note Trustee, as the case may be, to 
the proceeds of enforcement of such security.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
It should be noted that there is no concept of recharacterisation of fixed security as floating 
charges under Scots law. 
Foreign currency claims 
Under English insolvency law, when submitting a claim (proving) in an administration or 
liquidation, any debt payable in a currency other than sterling must be converted into sterling at a 
rate determined by the office-holder by reference to the exchange rates prevailing on the date 
when the debtor went into liquidation or administration (as the case may be). This provision 
overrides any agreement between the parties. Accordingly, in the event that any of the Issuer or 
an Obligor as the case may be goes into administration or liquidation, Noteholders may be subject 
to exchange rate risk between the date that the Issuer or Obligor as applicable went into 
administration or liquidation and receipt of any amounts to which such Noteholders may become 
entitled (by way of a distribution in the administration or liquidation). The Supreme Court in Joint 
Administrators of LB Holdings Intermediate 2 Limited v The Joint Administrators of Lehman 
Brothers International (Europe) [2017] UKSC 38 confirmed that even if all provable debts and 
interest are paid to creditors in full during the course of an administration or liquidation, a creditor 
with a foreign currency claim that suffered loss as a result of the fall in sterling between the date 
of the liquidation or administration (as the case may be) and the date of the distribution may not 
recover for such loss.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
Chapter 12 
Valuation of the Estate 
Chapter 12 consists of the CBRE Valuation Information for the entire Security Group Estate.  
The valuation information for the properties which are included as Further Credit Assets (“FCAs”) 
is given on a proportional consolidation basis, regardless of the contribution to the Total Collateral 
Value agreed with the Rating Agencies (85%-90% of Land Securities’ share). This means that the 
contribution of FCAs to the Total Collateral Value will be lower than CBRE’s valuation of the same. 
CBRE’s valuation represents the market value of the portion of the FCAs owned by the Landsec 
Group. The contribution of the FCAs to the Total Collateral Value however will include a discount 
agreed with the Rating Agencies (a “Valuation Haircut”) to reflect the fact that realising the full 
market value of the FCAs on sale may not be possible where the asset is not owned outright.  
The valuation information presented in the rest of this Base Prospectus in respect of the FCAs 
has been adjusted to include the FCAs at both Land Securities’ share of ownership and the agreed 
level of contribution to the Total Collateral Value.

--- Page 258 ---
VALUATION 
REPORT 
Date of Valuation: 31 March 2022 
 
 
In respect of: 
The Security Group Estate 
On behalf of: 
Land Securities Group Plc; 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC (“Issuer”); 
LS Property Finance Company Limited (“FinCo”); 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (in its capacity as Obligor Security Trustee and Note Trustee); 
Lloyds Bank plc (in its capacity as Representative of the ACF Providers); 
Banco Santander S.A. (in its capacity as Dealer); 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch (in its capacity as Dealer);  
BNP Paribas (in its capacity as Dealer); 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (in its capacity as Dealer); 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (in its capacity as Dealer);  
NatWest Markets Plc (in its capacities as Arranger and Dealer); and 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited (in its capacity as Dealer)

--- Page 259 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022| LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, DEUTSCHE TRUSTEE COMPANY LIMITED AND LLOYDS BANK PLC | THE SECURITY 
GROUP ESTATE 
 
2 
 
This valuation report (the “Report”) has been prepared by 
CBRE Limited (“CBRE”) exclusively for Land Securities 
Group PLC; Land Securities Capital Markets PLC (“Issuer”); 
LS Property Finance Company Limited (“FinCo”); Deutsche 
Trustee Company Limited (in its capacity as Obligor 
Security Trustee and Note Trustee); Lloyds Bank Plc (in its 
capacity as Representative of the ACF Providers); Banco 
Santander S.A. (in its capacity as Dealer); BNP Paribas (in 
its capacity as Dealer); Citigroup Global Markets Limited (in 
its capacity as Dealer); Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
(in its capacity as Dealer); NatWest Markets Plc (in its 
capacities as Arranger and Dealer); SMBC Nikko Capital 
Markets Limited (in its capacity as Dealer); and, Bank of 
China Limited, London Branch (in its capacity as Dealer) 
(together the “Client”) 
in accordance with the terms of engagement entered into 
between CBRE and the client dated 15 September 2015 
and 24 July 2019 (“the Instruction”). The Report is 
confidential to the Client and any other Addressees named 
herein and the Client and the Addressees may not disclose 
the Report unless expressly permitted to do so under the 
Instruction. 
Where CBRE has expressly agreed (by way of a reliance 
letter) that persons other than the Client or the Addressees 
can rely upon the Report (a “Relying Party” or “Relying 
Parties”) then CBRE shall have no greater liability to any 
Relying Party than it would have if such party had been 
named as a joint client under the Instruction.  
CBRE’s maximum aggregate liability to the Client, 
Addressees and to any Relying Parties howsoever arising 
under, in connection with or pursuant to this Report and/or 
the Instruction together, whether in contract, tort, 
negligence or otherwise shall not exceed: 
• 
£100,000,000 (One Hundred Million British Pounds) 
Subject to the terms of the Instruction, CBRE shall not be 
liable for any indirect, special or consequential loss or 
damage howsoever caused, whether in contract, tort, 
negligence or otherwise, arising from or in connection with 
this Report. Nothing in this Report shall exclude liability 
which cannot be excluded by law. 
If you are neither the Client, an Addressee nor a Relying 
Party then you are viewing this Report on a non-reliance 
basis and for informational purposes only. You may not rely 
on the Report for any purpose whatsoever and CBRE shall 
not be liable for any loss or damage you may suffer 
(whether direct, indirect or consequential) as a result of 
unauthorised use of or reliance on this Report. CBRE gives 
no undertaking to provide any additional information or 
correct any inaccuracies in the Report. 
If another CBRE Group entity contributes to the preparation 
of the Report, that entity may co-sign the Report purely to 
confirm its role as contributor. The Client, Relying Party or 
any other Addressees named herein acknowledge that no 
duty of care, whether existing under the Instruction or under 
the Report, shall extend to such CBRE Group entity and the 
Client, Relying Party or any other Addressees named herein 
hereby waive any right or recourse against such CBRE 
Group entity whether arising in contract, tort, negligence or 
otherwise.  CBRE shall remain solely liable to the client in 
accordance with the terms of the Instruction 
None of the information in this Report constitutes advice as 
to the merits of entering into any form of transaction. 
If you do not understand this legal notice then it is 
recommended that you seek independent legal advice. 
 
Legal Notice and Disclaimer

--- Page 260 ---
3 
 
01 
Valuation Report 
4 
Introduction 
5 
Source of Information and Scope of Works 
11 
Valuation Assumptions 
12 
         TENURE, CATEGORY, REGION AND SECTOR APPENDICES 
  
Contents

--- Page 261 ---
01 
VALUATION REPORT

--- Page 262 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
5 
Introduction 
 
Report Date 
20 July 2022 
Valuation Date 
31 March 2022 
Addressee 
The Directors 
Land Securities Group Plc 
100 Victoria Street 
London 
SW1E 5JL 
 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC (“Issuer”) 
100 Victoria Street 
London 
SW1E 5JL 
 
LS Property Finance Company Limited (“FinCo”) 
100 Victoria Street 
London 
SW1E 5JL 
 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (in its capacity as Obligor Security Trustee 
and Note Trustee) 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
 
Lloyds Bank Plc (in its capacity as Representative of the ACF Providers) 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
 
Banco Santander S.A. (in its capacity as Dealer) 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch (in its capacity as Dealer) 
1 Lothbury 
London EC2R 7DB 
 
BNP Paribas (in its capacity as Dealer) 
16, Boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Introduction

--- Page 263 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
6 
Introduction 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (in its capacity as Dealer) 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (in its capacity as Dealer) 
10 Gresham Street  
London EC2V 7AE 
 
NatWest Markets Plc (in its capacities as Arranger and Dealer) 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited (in its capacity as Dealer) 
One New Change 
London EC4M 9AF 
 
 
For the attention of: Vanessa Simms 
Terms 
We refer to the Common Terms Agreement dated 3 November 2004, as amended from 
time to time, between, among others, Land Securities Capital Markets PLC, Land Securities 
PLC and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (“the CTA”) 
We are instructed by Land Securities Group PLC to report to you our opinion as to the value 
of those properties (the “Mortgaged Properties”) comprised in the Estate owned by the 
Company and its subsidiaries in the Security Group as at 31 March 2022 (the 
“Measurement Date”) 
We are also instructed by Land Securities Group PLC to report to you our opinion as to the 
value of those properties held in partnerships, interests of which have been included in the 
Security Group as Further Credit Assets (“FCA”) (the “FCA Properties”), as defined in the CTA. 
We understand that our valuation is required for inclusion in a Base Prospectus to be 
published in connection with the issuance of further notes. 
The Properties 
The Security Group Estate comprising 120 Mortgaged Properties and 9 FCA Properties as 
detailed below. 
Instruction 
To value the unencumbered freehold, long leasehold and short leasehold interests in the 
Properties on the basis of Fair Value (IFRS 13) as at the Valuation date in accordance with 
the terms of engagement entered into between CBRE and the addressees dated 15 
September 2015 and 24 July 2019. 
Valuation Date 
31 March 2022 
Status of Valuer 
You have instructed us to act as an External valuer as defined in the current version of the 
RICS Valuation – Global Standards. 
Please note that the Valuation may be investigated by the RICS for the purposes of the 
administration of the Institution’s conduct and disciplinary regulations in order to ensure 
compliance with the Valuation Standards. 
Purpose and Basis of 
Valuation 
Secured Lending purposes only.

--- Page 264 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
7 
Introduction 
 
Fair Value in 
accordance with IFRS 
13 
£10,442,299,000 (TEN BILLION FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY-TWO MILLION TWO 
HUNDRED AND NINETY-NINE THOUSAND POUNDS) exclusive of VAT, as shown in the 
Schedule of Capital Values set out below in respect of the Mortgaged Properties held by 
the company and its subsidiaries. 
£887,200,000 (EIGHT HUNDRED AND EIGHTY-SEVEN MILLION TWO HUNDRED 
THOUSAND POUNDS) exclusive of VAT, in respect of the Further Credit Assets (FCA) held by 
the company and its subsidiaries and shown at their shared ownership. 
We confirm that the ''Fair Value'' reported above, for the purpose of financial reporting under 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), is effectively the same as ''Market Value''. 
We have valued the Properties individually and no account has been taken of any discount 
or premium that may be negotiated in the market if all or part of the portfolio was to be 
marketed simultaneously, either in lots or as a whole. 
Where a property is owned by way of a joint tenancy in a trust for sale, or through an indirect 
investment structure, our Valuation represents the relevant apportioned percentage of 
ownership of the value of the whole property, assuming full management control. Our 
Valuation does not necessarily represent the value of the interests in the indirect investment 
structure through which the Property is held. 
Our opinion of Fair Value (IFRS 13) is based upon the Scope of Work and Valuation 
Assumptions attached – and has been primarily derived using comparable recent market 
transactions on arm’s length terms. 
Net Rental Income 
and Gross Rental 
Value 
The Net Rental Income for The Mortgaged Properties as at 31 March 2022 was estimated at 
£461,175,189 per annum. The Gross Rental Value for The Mortgaged Properties as at 31 
March 2022 was estimated at £690,620,628 per annum. 
 
The Net Rental Income for The FCA Properties as at 31 March 2022 was estimated at 
£52,939,650 per annum.  The Gross Rental Value for The FCA Properties as at 31 March 
2022 was estimated at £63,881,674 per annum. This reflects the company and its 
subsidiaries shared ownership. 
Retail Occupational 
Market 
The structural change in the retail occupational market has been ongoing in the UK for at 
least 5 years, in particular from the growth of on-line purchases leading to changing 
consumer behaviour, which has led to a number of retailers and food and beverage operators 
finding their margins under pressure as occupational costs rose. COVID-19 accelerated this 
situation. 
We anticipate there to be continued corrections in the retail sector as numerous rents are 
renegotiated and the move towards a turnover rent model or a combination of base rent and 
turnover rent remains.  There are winning and losing categories with food and convenience 
retail 
performing 
better 
whilst 
fashion 
in 
particular 
continues 
to 
struggle.  
 
The shopping centre investment market has improved, predominantly in the prime and 
convenience sections of the market, but with limited debt available to support any acquisitions 
this has resulted in continued high yields when compared to historical levels.  
Valuation Approach 
for Properties in 
Course of 
Development 
In the case of properties in the course of development, where the residual method of Valuation 
is used, we should draw your attention to the fact that this approach is very sensitive to 
changes in key inputs. Small changes in variables such as sales volumes or build costs will 
have a disproportionate effect on land value as demonstrated below. Site values can therefore 
be susceptible to considerable variances as a result of changes in market conditions. 
Building Safety– 
Market Uncertainty 
In preparing our Valuation we have not been provided with any building/fire safety or 
cladding information. We have based our conclusions on Valuation due diligence only, 
including our inspections, and on the assumption that, if there are any fire safety issues 
affecting the subject properties, they will not impact on Valuation. This is not a guarantee

--- Page 265 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
8 
Introduction 
 
that there are no fire safety risks associated with the construction of the external wall system, 
nor that remedial works will not be required in the future; nor that the cost of any necessary 
remedial works will not impact on value.  Neither the individuals preparing the Valuation 
nor this firm shall have any liability to you, or to any third party with whom you share the 
Valuation, for any losses arising as result of the existence of any such fire safety risks 
requiring remediation, such that the above assumption turns out to be wrong. 
Portfolios and 
Aggregation 
We have valued the Properties individually and no account has been taken of any discount 
or premium that may be negotiated in the market if all or part of the portfolio was to be 
marketed simultaneously, either in lots or as a whole. 
Joint Tenancies and 
Indirect Investment 
Structures 
Where a property is owned through an indirect investment structure or a joint tenancy in a 
trust for sale, our Valuation represents the relevant apportioned percentage of ownership of 
the value of the whole property, assuming full management control. Our Valuation 
therefore is unlikely to represent the value of the interests in the indirect investment structure 
through which the property is held. 
Tenure, Category, 
Region and Sector 
Analysis 
The Mortgaged Properties comprise 120 holdings as recognised by the Company.  The 
valuation of the Mortgaged Properties by tenure and use is shown in Appendix 1.  Short 
leasehold properties are defined as those leasehold properties having an unexpired term of 
less than 50 years at the Valuation Date.  In accordance with the Company’s accounting 
policy, those leasehold properties having an unexpired term in excess of 900 years at the 
Valuation Date are included within the total for freehold properties. 
The Mortgaged Properties are categorised by the company as Investment Properties, 
Developments and Properties Held for Development as shown in Appendix 2.  Those 
classed as Developments comprise part of the Company’s Development Programme which 
includes projects which are completed but less than 95% let; developments on site; 
committed developments (being projects which are approved and the building contract let) 
and authorised developments (those projects approved by the board for which the building 
contract has not yet been let). 
The Mortgaged Properties are also categorised by Region and Sector (as defined in the 
CTA). 
Compliance with 
Valuation Standards 
The Valuation has been prepared in accordance with the version of the RICS Valuation – 
Global Standards (incorporating the International Valuation Standards) and the UK national 
supplement (the “Red Book”) current as the Valuation Date. 
The Properties have been valued by a valuer who is qualified for the purpose of the Valuation 
in accordance with the Red Book. We confirm that we have sufficient local and national 
knowledge of the particular property market involved and have the skills and understanding 
to undertake the Valuation competently. 
Where the knowledge and skill requirements of the Red Book have been met in aggregate by 
more than one valuer within CBRE, we confirm that a list of those valuers has been retained 
within the working papers, together with confirmation that each named valuer complies with 
the requirements of the Red Book. 
This Valuation is a professional opinion and is expressly not intended to serve as a warranty, 
assurance or guarantee of any particular value of the subject Properties.  Other valuers may 
reach different conclusions as to the value of the subject Properties. This Valuation is for the 
sole purpose of providing the intended user with the valuer’s independent professional 
opinion of the value of the subject Properties as at the Valuation Date.  
Sustainability 
Considerations 
Wherever appropriate, sustainability and environmental matters are an integral part of the 
valuation approach. ‘Sustainability’ is taken to mean the consideration of such matters as 
environment and climate change, health and well-being and corporate responsibility that can 
or do impact on the valuation of an asset. In a valuation context, sustainability encompasses

--- Page 266 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
9 
Introduction 
 
a wide range of physical, social, environmental, and economic factors that can affect value. 
The range of issues includes key environmental risks, such as flooding, energy efficiency and 
climate, as well as matters of design, configuration, accessibility, legislation, management, 
and fiscal considerations – and current and historic land use.  
Sustainability has an impact on the value of an asset, even if not explicitly recognised. Valuers 
reflect markets, they do not lead them. Where we recognise the value impacts of sustainability, 
we are reflecting our understanding of how market participants include sustainability 
requirements in their bids and the impact on market valuations. 
Climate Risk 
Legislation 
The UK Government is currently producing legislation which enforces the transition to net 
zero by 2050, and the stated 78% reduction of greenhouse gases by 2035 (based on a 1990 
baseline).  
We understand this to include an update to the Minimum Energy Efficiency Standards, stated 
to increase the minimum requirements from an E (since 2018) to a B in 2030. The 
government also intends to introduce an operational rating. It is not yet clear how this will be 
legislated, but fossil fuels used in building, such as natural gas for heating, are incompatible 
with the UK’s commitment to be Net Zero Carbon by 2050.  
This upcoming legislation could have a potential impact to future asset value.    
We also note that the UK’s introduction of mandatory climate related disclosures (reporting 
climate risks and opportunities consistent with recommendations by the “Task Force for 
Climate Related Financial Disclosure” (TCFD)), including the assessment of so-called physical 
and transition climate risks, will potentially have an impact on how the market views such 
risks and incorporates them into the sale of letting of assets. 
The European Union’s “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulations” (SFDR) may impact on 
UK asset values due to the requirements in reporting to European investors. 
Assumptions 
The Properties details on which each Valuation are based are as set out in this report. We 
have made various assumptions as to tenure, letting, taxation, town planning, and the 
condition and repair of buildings and sites – including ground and groundwater 
contamination – as set out below.  
If any of the information or assumptions on which the Valuation is based are subsequently 
found to be incorrect, the Valuation figures may also be incorrect and should be reconsidered. 
Variations and/or 
Departures from 
Standard 
Assumptions 
None. 
Verification 
We recommend that before any financial transaction is entered into based upon these 
Valuations, you obtain verification of any third party information contained within our report 
and the validity of the assumptions we have adopted. 
We would advise you that whilst we have valued the Properties reflecting current market 
conditions, there are certain risks which may be, or may become, uninsurable. Before 
undertaking any financial transaction based upon this Valuation, you should satisfy yourselves 
as to the current insurance cover and the risks that may be involved should an uninsured loss 
occur. 
Independence 
The total fees, including the fee for this assignment, earned by CBRE Ltd (or other companies 
forming part of the same group of companies within the UK) from the Addressee (or other 
companies forming part of the same group of companies) is less than 5.0% of the total UK 
revenues.

--- Page 267 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
10 
Introduction 
 
Previous Involvement 
and Conflicts of 
Interest  
CBRE provides Agency and other Professional Services to Land Securities Plc in respect of a 
number of the assets. We do not consider this to be a barrier to us valuing on your behalf. 
Where CBRE advises you on an acquisition, we recommend that you seek an alternative firm 
to value the asset at least once, in accordance with RICS guidelines. 
From time to time, CBRE Ltd advise various occupiers some of whom may have units in the 
Properties; an information barrier exists between the teams. 
We confirm copies of our conflict of interest checks have been retained within the working 
papers. 
Disclosure 
The principal signatory of this report has continuously been the signatory of Valuations for 
the same Addressee and Valuation purpose as this report since September 2021.  
CBRE Ltd has continuously been carrying out Valuation instructions for the Addressee of this 
report since 2015. 
CBRE Ltd has carried out Agency and Professional services on behalf of the Addressee for in 
excess of 20 years. 
Reliance 
This report is for the use only of the parties to whom it is addressed for the specific purpose 
set out herein and no responsibility is accepted to any third party for the whole or any part of 
its contents. 
Alternative 
Investment Fund 
Managers Directive 
We would draw your attention to the fact that where our appointment is from an entity to 
which the European Parliament and Council Directive 2011/61/EU (the Directive), 
concerning Alternative Investment Fund Managers (AIFM), applies, our role is limited to 
providing Valuations of individual property assets or liabilities (based on the assumptions as 
set out within our Valuation report) – not the net asset value (NAV) of either the Fund or the 
individual properties within the Fund. Furthermore, and for the avoidance of doubt, we are 
acting in the capacity of a “Valuation adviser” to the AIFM and not as an “external valuer” 
as defined in the Directive. Details of any limitations to our liability in respect of the Valuations 
we carry out are as set out within this report and our terms of engagement. You have 
confirmed that the “Valuation function” under the Directive is performed by the Alternative 
Investment Fund Manager of Land Securities Group PLC itself – not CBRE. 
Publication 
Neither the whole nor any part of our report nor any references thereto may be included in 
any published document, circular or statement nor published in any way without our prior 
written approval of the form and context in which it will appear. 
Such publication of, or reference to this report will not be permitted unless it contains a 
sufficient contemporaneous reference to any departure from the Red Book or the 
incorporation of the special assumptions referred to herein. 
 
Yours faithfully 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
 
 
Cheri Griffin 
Director, MRICS 
RICS Registered Valuer 
For and on behalf of CBRE Limited  
Charlotte Low 
Senior Director 
RICS Registered Valuer 
For and on behalf of CBRE Limited  
 
+44 20 7182 2378 
cheri.griffin@cbre.com 
+44 20 7182 2953 
charlotte.low@cbre.com

--- Page 268 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
11 
Source of Information and Scope of Works 
 
Sources of 
Information 
We have carried out our work based upon information supplied to us by Land Securities Group 
Plc and their professional advisors, as set out within this report, which we have assumed to be 
correct and comprehensive. 
Inspection 
In accordance with your instructions, we inspect the Properties internally annually. A schedule of 
the most recent inspection dates and the names of the inspecting valuers is maintained within our 
working papers and can be made available if required.  
Areas  
We have not measured the Properties but have relied upon the floor areas provided to us by 
you or your professional advisors, which we have assumed to be correct and comprehensive, 
and which you have advised us have been calculated using the: Gross Internal Area (GIA), Net 
Internal Area (NIA) or International Property Measurement Standard (IPMS) 3 – Office, 
measurement methodology as set out in the latest edition of the RICS Property Measurement 
Standards. 
Environmental 
Considerations 
We have been instructed not to make any investigations in relation to the presence or potential 
presence of contamination in land or buildings or the potential presence of other environmental 
risk factors and to assume that if investigations were made to an appropriate extent then 
nothing would be discovered sufficient to affect value. 
We have not carried out investigation into past uses, either of the property or of any adjacent 
lands, to establish whether there is any potential for contamination from such uses or sites, or 
other environmental risk factors and have therefore assumed that none exists. 
Services and 
Amenities 
We understand that the Properties are located in an area served by mains gas, electricity, water 
and drainage. 
None of the services have been tested by us. 
Repair and 
Condition 
We have not carried out building surveys, tested services, made independent site investigations, 
inspected woodwork, exposed parts of the structure which were covered, unexposed or 
inaccessible, nor arranged for any investigations to be carried out to determine whether or not 
any deleterious or hazardous materials or techniques have been used, or are present, in any 
part of the Properties. We are unable, therefore, to give any assurance that the Properties are 
free from defect. 
Town Planning 
We have not undertaken planning enquiries. 
Titles, Tenures and 
Lettings 
Details of title/tenure under which the Properties are held and of lettings to which it is subject 
are as supplied to us. We have not generally examined nor had access to all the deeds, leases 
or other documents relating thereto. Where information from deeds, leases or other documents 
is recorded in this report, it represents our understanding of the relevant documents. We should 
emphasise, however, that the interpretation of the documents of title (including relevant deeds, 
leases and planning consents) is the responsibility of your legal adviser. 
We have not conducted credit enquiries on the financial status of any tenants. We have, 
however, reflected our general understanding of purchasers’ likely perceptions of the financial 
status of tenants 
Source of Information and Scope of Works

--- Page 269 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
12 
Valuation Assumptions 
 
Capital Values 
The Valuation has been prepared on the basis of “Fair Value” in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standard 13 (“IFRS 13”), which is defined as: 
“The price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date.” 
“Fair Value”, for the purpose of financial reporting under IFRS 13, is effectively the same as 
“Market Value”, which is defined in the Red Book as: 
“The estimated amount for which an asset or liability should exchange on the Valuation Date 
between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction, after proper 
marketing and where the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without 
compulsion.” 
The Valuation represents the figure that would appear in a hypothetical contract of sale at the 
Valuation Date. No adjustment has been made to this figure for any expenses of acquisition or 
realisation - nor for taxation which might arise in the event of a disposal. 
No account has been taken of any inter-company leases or arrangements, nor of any 
mortgages, debentures or other charge. 
No account has been taken of the availability or otherwise of capital-based Government or 
European Community grants. 
Rental Values 
Unless stated otherwise rental values indicated in our report are those which have been 
adopted by us as appropriate in assessing the capital value and are not necessarily appropriate 
for other purposes, nor do they necessarily accord with the definition of Market Rent in the Red 
Book, which is as follows: 
"The estimated amount for which an interest in real property should be leased on the Valuation 
Date between a willing lessor and a willing lessee on appropriate lease terms in an arm's length 
transaction, after proper marketing and where the parties had each acted knowledgeably, 
prudently and without compulsion." 
Fixtures, Fittings 
and Equipment 
Where appropriate we have regarded the shop fronts of retail and showroom accommodation 
as forming an integral part of the building. 
Landlord’s fixtures such as lifts, escalators, central heating and other normal service 
installations have been treated as an integral part of the building and are included within our 
Valuations. 
Process plant and machinery, tenants’ fixtures and specialist trade fittings have been excluded 
from our Valuations. 
All measurements, areas and ages quoted in our report are approximate. 
Environmental 
Matters 
In the absence of any information to the contrary, we have assumed that: 
a) the Properties are not contaminated and is not adversely affected by any existing or 
proposed environmental law; 
b) any processes which are carried out on the Properties which are regulated by 
environmental legislation are properly licensed by the appropriate authorities; 
c) in England and Wales, the Properties possesses current Energy Performance 
Certificates (EPCs) as required under the Government’s Energy Performance of 
Buildings Directive – and that they have an energy efficient standard of ‘E’, or better. 
We would draw your attention to the fact that under the Energy Efficiency (Private 
Rented Property) (England and Wales) Regulations 2015 it became unlawful for 
landlords to rent out a business premise from 1st April 2018 – unless the site has 
reached a minimum EPC rating of an ‘E’, or secured a relevant exemption. In Scotland, 
we have assumed that the Properties possesses current EPCs as required under the 
Scottish Government’s Energy Performance of Buildings (Scotland) Regulations – and 
that they meet energy standards equivalent to those introduced by the 2002 building 
regulations. We would draw your attention to the fact the Assessment of Energy 
Performance of Non-Domestic Buildings (Scotland) Regulations 2016 came into force 
on 1st September 2016. From this date, building owners are required to commission 
Valuation Assumptions

--- Page 270 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
13 
Valuation Assumptions 
 
an EPC and Action Plan for sale or new rental of non-domestic buildings bigger than 
1,000 sq m that do not meet 2002 building regulations energy standards. Action Plans 
contain building improvement measures that must be implemented within 3.5 years, 
subject to certain exemptions; 
d) In January 2021 the Government closed the consultation period that focused on its 
latest proposals in England and Wales for ‘improving the energy performance of 
privately rented homes’. The key tenets of the proposals are to; reduce emissions; 
tackle fuel poverty; improve asset quality; reduce energy bills; enhance energy security; 
and support associated employment. The proposals are wide ranging and they 
introduce new demands on residential landlords through Energy Performance 
Certificates (‘EPCs’). Existing PRS Regulations set a minimum standard of EPC Band E 
for residential units to be lettable. The Government proposals see this threshold being 
raised to EPC Band C for all new tenancies created from 01 April 2025 and for all 
existing tenancies by 01 April 2028. The principle for relevant building works is to be 
‘fabric first’ meaning maximisation of components and materials that make up the 
building fabric to enhance, for example, insulation, ventilation and air-tightness. The 
proposals also cite; compliance measures and penalties for landlords, letting agents 
and local authorities; and affordability support for carrying out necessary works. The 
implication is (as with the existing EPC Band E requirement) that private rented units 
may effectively be rendered unlettable if they fail to meet or exceed the minimum EPC 
requirement. It is expected that the Government will respond to the consultation 
process in Q2/Q3 2021 with any new regulations taking effect in Q3/Q4 2021. At 
present it is not clear how the market would respond to these proposals were they to 
be implemented as currently drafted; neither do we have any visibility of changes that 
may be made to the proposals following the consultation process. Our Valuation 
reflects market conditions and regulations effective at the Valuation date; we make no 
additional allowances for any future works that may be required in order to ensure 
that the subject assets would remain lettable under revised regulations; 
e) the Properties are either not subject to flooding risk or, if it is, that sufficient flood 
defences are in place and that appropriate building insurance could be obtained at a 
cost that would not materially affect the capital value; and 
f) 
invasive species such as Japanese Knotweed are not present on the Properties. 
g) High voltage electrical supply equipment may exist within, or in close proximity of, the 
Properties. The National Radiological Protection Board (NRPB) has advised that there 
may be a risk, in specified circumstances, to the health of certain categories of people. 
Public perception may, therefore, affect marketability and future value of the Properties. 
Our Valuation reflects our current understanding of the market and we have not made 
a discount to reflect the presence of this equipment. 
Repair and 
Condition 
In the absence of any information to the contrary, we have assumed that: 
a) there are no abnormal ground conditions, nor archaeological remains, present which 
might adversely affect the current or future occupation, development or value of the 
Properties; 
b) the Properties are free from rot, infestation, structural or latent defect; 
c) no currently known deleterious or hazardous materials or suspect techniques, including 
but not limited to Composite Panelling, ACM Cladding, High Alumina Cement (HAC), 
Asbestos, have been used in the construction of, or subsequent alterations or additions 
to, the Properties; and 
d) the services, and any associated controls or software, are in working order and free 
from defect. 
We have otherwise had regard to the age and apparent general condition of the Properties. 
Comments made in the property details do not purport to express an opinion about, or advise

--- Page 271 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
14 
Valuation Assumptions 
 
upon, the condition of uninspected parts and should not be taken as making an implied 
representation or statement about such parts. 
Title, Tenure, 
Lettings, Planning, 
Taxation and 
Statutory & Local 
Authority 
requirements 
Unless stated otherwise within this report, and in the absence of any information to the contrary, 
we have assumed that: 
a) the Properties possesses a good and marketable title free from any onerous or 
hampering restrictions or conditions; 
b) the building has been erected either prior to planning control, or in accordance with 
planning permissions, and has the benefit of permanent planning consents or existing 
use rights for their current use; 
c) the Properties is not adversely affected by town planning or road proposals; 
d) the building complies with all statutory and local authority requirements including 
building, fire and health and safety regulations, and that a fire risk assessment and 
emergency plan are in place; 
e) only minor or inconsequential costs will be incurred if any modifications or alterations 
are necessary in order for occupiers of the Properties to comply with the provisions of 
the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 (in Northern Ireland) or the Equality Act 2010 
(in the rest of the UK); 
f) 
all rent reviews are upward only and are to be assessed by reference to full current 
market rents; 
g) there are no tenant’s improvements that will materially affect our opinion of the rent 
that would be obtained on review or renewal; 
h) tenants will meet their obligations under their leases, and are responsible for 
insurance, payment of business rates, and all repairs, whether directly or by means of 
a service charge; 
i) 
there are no user restrictions or other restrictive covenants in leases which would 
adversely affect value; 
j) 
where more than 50% of the floorspace of the Properties is in residential use, the 
Landlord and Tenant Act 1987 (the “Act”) gives certain rights to defined residential 
tenants to acquire the freehold/head leasehold interest in the Properties. Where this is 
applicable, we have assumed that necessary notices have been given to the residential 
tenants under the provisions of the Act, and that such tenants have elected not to 
acquire the freehold/head leasehold interest. Disposal on the open market is therefore 
unrestricted; 
k) where appropriate, permission to assign the interest being valued herein would not be 
withheld by the landlord where required; 
l) 
vacant possession can be given of all accommodation which is unlet or is let on a 
service occupancy; and 
m) Land Transfer Tax (or the local equivalent) will apply at the rate currently applicable. 
In the UK, Stamp Duty Land Tax (SDLT) in England and Northern Ireland, Land and 
Buildings Transaction Tax (LABTT) in Scotland or Land Transaction Tax (LTT) in Wales, 
will apply at the rate currently applicable

--- Page 272 ---
DATE OF VALUATION: 31 MARCH 2022 | LAND SECURITIES GROUP PLC, ET AL | THE SECURITY GROUP ESTATE 
15 
Valuation Assumptions 
 
                                                                                                                                                             
TENURE, CATEGORY, REGION AND SECTOR APPENDICES

--- Page 273 ---
APPENDIX 1
Land Securities PLC
The Mortgaged Properties - Valuation by Tenure and Sector 
31 March 2022
PROPERTY TYPE
FREEHOLD
LEASEHOLD
> 50 YEARS TO RUN
LEASEHOLD
< 50 YEARS TO RUN
TOTAL
% OF TOTAL
Cen Offices
OfficLondon
£4,159,070,000
£2,481,400,000
£0
£6,640,470,000
63.6%
OfficElsewhere in the UK
£15,270,000
£8,200,000
£0
£23,470,000
0.2%
Shops and Shopping Centres
ShopLondon
£696,200,000
£158,100,000
£0
£854,300,000
8.2%
ShopElsewhere in the UK
£1,156,070,000
£365,580,000
£0
£1,521,650,000
14.6%
Reta Retail Warehouse and Food Superstores
£423,600,000
£42,600,000
£0
£466,200,000
4.5%
ResidResidential
£60,660,000
£0
£0
£60,660,000
0.6%
OtheLeisure and Hotels 
£481,700,000
£393,750,000
£99,000
£875,549,000
8.4%
Percentage by Tenure
67.0%
33.0%
0.0%
100.0%
Total
£6,992,570,000
£3,449,630,000
£99,000
£10,442,299,000
100.0%
Notes:
1) The Freehold totals include values of leaseholds with unexpired terms in excess of 900 years.

--- Page 274 ---
APPENDIX 2
Land Securities PLC
The Mortgaged Properties - Valuation by Category and Tenure
31 March 2022
CATEGORY
FREEHOLD
LEASEHOLD
> 50 YEARS TO RUN
LEASEHOLD
< 50 YEARS TO RUN
TOTAL
% OF TOTAL
0 Investment
£6,330,670,000
£2,716,230,000
£99,000
£9,046,999,000
86.6%
D
Development
£380,600,000
£733,400,000
£0
£1,114,000,000
10.7%
P
Held for Development
£281,300,000
£0
£0
£281,300,000
2.7%
3 Percentage by Tenure
67.0%
33.0%
0.0%
100.0%
Total
£6,992,570,000
£3,449,630,000
£99,000
£10,442,299,000

--- Page 275 ---
APPENDIX 3
Land Securities PLC
The Mortgaged Properties - Valuation by Region and Sector
Shops
Leisure
Offices
Shop' Centre
Retail Parks
Residential
Hotels
31 March 2022
PROPERTY
LOCATION
OFFICES
SHOPPING CENTRES
& SHOPS
RETAIL WAREHOUSES
RESIDENTIAL
LEISURE & HOTELS
LOCATION TOTAL
London
£6,262,485,000
£1,262,225,000
£36,700,000
£51,660,000
£321,949,000
£7,935,019,000
South East & Eastern
£0
£810,530,000
£356,900,000
£9,000,000
£200,950,000
£1,377,380,000
Wales & South West
£0
£117,450,000
£0
£0
£56,300,000
£173,750,000
Midlands
£0
£0
£72,600,000
£0
£63,150,000
£135,750,000
North
£0
£449,000,000
£0
£0
£146,400,000
£595,400,000
Scotland
£0
£138,200,000
£0
£0
£86,800,000
£225,000,000
Total
£6,262,485,000
£2,777,405,000
£466,200,000
£60,660,000
£875,549,000
£10,442,299,000
Land Securities PLC
The Mortgaged Properties - Valuation by Region and Sector - %
31 March 2022
PROPERTY
LOCATION
OFFICES
SHOPPING CENTRES
& SHOPS
RETAIL WAREHOUSES
RESIDENTIAL
LEISURE & HOTELS
LOCATION TOTAL
London
60.0%
12.1%
0.4%
0.5%
3.1%
76.0%
South East & Eastern
0.0%
7.8%
3.4%
0.1%
1.9%
13.2%
Wales & South West
0.0%
1.1%
0.0%
0.0%
0.5%
1.7%
Midlands
0.0%
0.0%
0.7%
0.0%
0.6%
1.3%
North
0.0%
4.3%
0.0%
0.0%
1.4%
5.7%
Scotland
0.0%
1.3%
0.0%
0.0%
0.8%
2.2%
Total
60.0%
26.6%
4.5%
0.6%
8.4%
100.0%

--- Page 276 ---
APPENDIX 4
Land Securities PLC
The Mortgaged Properties - Value
31 March 2022
TOTAL VALUE
VALUE %
NUMBER OF PROPERTIES
£188,274,000
1.8%
35
£473,570,000
4.5%
24
£773,325,000
7.4%
17
£1,381,950,000
13.2%
17
£7,625,180,000
73.0%
27
Total
£10,442,299,000
100.0%
120
> £100M
PROPERTY VALUE
BRACKET
< £10M
> £10M - < £25M
> £25M - < £50M
> £50M - < £100M

--- Page 277 ---
APPENDIX 5
Land Securities PLC
Security Group Estate Holdings - Top 10 Holdings by Value (LandSec Share)
31 March 2022
RANK
PROPERTY
LOCATION
REFERENCE
1
New Street Square (incl 1 New Street Square (formerly IPC Tower, 76 Shoe Lane))
London
6795/6805 & 6798
2
21 Moorfields                 
London
3115
3
Cardinal Place
London
9478/9516
4
Nova, Victoria
London
1875
5
One New Change
London
6807 & 6797
6
Gunwharf
London
7576
7
Queen Anne's Mansions
South East & Eastern
7382
8
Piccadilly Lights
London
8558
9
62 Buckingham Gate
London
9493
10
The Zig Zag Building (including car park) [formerly Kingsgate House]
London
5611/5616
COMMENT
Completed in 2008 the property provides 64,791 sq m (697,399 sq ft), modern office accommodation together with ground 
floor retail and restaurant uses. Tenants include Deloitte, Taylor Wessing and Speechly Bircham.
1 New Street Square is a long leasehold asset with a tenure of 155 yrs from 15.09.2014 at 7% gearing.
The building totals circa 275k sq ft and is 100% let to Deloitte until 2036 with an option to extend for a further 5 years. 
Rent reviews are 5 yearly, with first review in 2021 capped at 3.36% pa and collared at 1.11% pa collared, compounded 
over 5 yrs.  
A major West End holding completed in 2005/6. The 62,325 sq m (670,868 sq ft) scheme comprises modern offices in three 
buildings with ground floor retail and ancillary uses including a major Marks and Spencer store and a number of restaurants. 
Nova Phase 1 has completed and is a mixed-use scheme which comprises Nova South, Nova North and the residential 
building in a large public realm, (the residential element is excluded for this Appendix).  Nova South and North provides 
343,024 sq ft and 206,588 sq ft of modern Grade A office accommodation respectively. There are 5 retail units and 1 retail 
pavilion and basement ancillary space, whilst the residential building includes 6 retail units.
A prominent island site overlooking St Paul’s Cathedral. One New Change comprises circa 20,903 sq m (225,000 Sq ft) of 
retail and 30,658 Sq m (330,000 sq ft) of offices. Office tenants include K&L Gates, AXA and CME Operations Ltd.
A major waterfront designer outlet centre and leisure property built in 2001 providing a total over 48,500 sq m (525,000 Sq 
ft) with 87 shops, restaurants, bars and nightclub/leisure uses including a cinema, hotel and bowling alley. 
The scheme includes retailers including Polo Ralph Lauren, Michael Kors, Nike and Marks and Spencer.
The property comprises an office building of 353,680 sq ft, which is entirely let to the Ministry of Justice unil 2028, with a 
break in 2026. 
Piccadilly Lights is an Iconic London Landmark overlooking Piccadilly Circus since 1908.  In 2017 the screens were renovated 
to deliver Europe's most technically advanced digital screen providing six sections of screen, with a 4K resolution, covering 
circa 8,400 sq ft.
Coca Cola, Samsung and Hyundai have taken long term (5 year) interests in screens 1, 2 and 3 whilst screens 4, 5 and 6 
have been reserved for short term agreements.
62 Buckingham Gate is a 280,161 sq ft mixed use asset construction of which was completed in 2013.  Arranged over 
basement, ground and 11 upper floors there is accommodation to provide offices on upper floors and four retail units.  
Currently fully let except for minor anicllary parts.  The primary office tenant is Schlumberger.  Retail tenants include Benugo, 
Leon, Mitchells & Butlers and Curzon Cinema.

--- Page 278 ---
APPENDIX 6
Land Securities PLC
The Mortgaged Properties - Valuation by Sector
31 March 2022
FAIR VALUE
£
NET RENTAL INCOME
£ PA
GROSS RENTAL VALUE
£ PA
Cen Offices
OfficLondon
£6,640,470,000
£225,827,255
£411,243,288
OfficElsewhere in the UK
£23,470,000
-£260,126
£4,329,840
Shops and Shopping Centres
ShopLondon
£854,300,000
£42,340,979
£48,177,357
ShopElsewhere in the UK
£1,521,650,000
£115,176,156
£138,427,706
Reta Retail Warehouse and Food Superstores
£466,200,000
£28,114,676
£29,302,170
ResidResidential
£60,660,000
£1,029,985
£1,386,692
OtheLeisure and Hotels 
£875,549,000
£48,946,264
£57,753,575
Percentage by Tenure
100.0%
100.0%
100.0%
Total
£10,442,299,000
£461,175,189
£690,620,628
PROPERTY TYPE

--- Page 279 ---
258 
 
Chapter 13 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Contents 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title 
2. 
Exchanges of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
3. 
Status of Notes 
4. 
Security and Relationship with Issuer Secured Creditors 
5. 
Issuer Covenants 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
7. 
Indexation 
8. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
9. 
Payments 
10. 
Taxation 
11. 
Issuer Events of Default 
12. 
Enforcement Against Issuer 
13. 
Prescription 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
16. 
Notices 
17. 
Miscellaneous 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC (the "Issuer") has established a multicurrency programme 
(the "Programme") for the issuance of up to £7,000,000,000 Notes (the "Notes"). Notes issued 
under the Programme on a particular Issue Date comprise a Series (a "Series"), and each Series 
comprises one or more Classes of Notes (each a "Class"). Each Class may comprise one or 
more sub-classes (each a "Sub-Class"). 
A Class designation denotes priority ranking in point of security. First ranking Notes will be 
designated as "Class A Notes" or (if issued pursuant to a Class R Underwriting Agreement) as 
Class R1 Notes ("Class R1 Notes" and, together with the Class A Notes, the "Priority 1 Notes"), 
second ranking Notes will be designated as "Class B Notes" or (if issued pursuant to a Class R

--- Page 280 ---
259 
 
Underwriting Agreement) as Class R2 Notes ("Class R2 Notes" and, together with the Class R1 
Notes, the "Class R Notes", and the Class B Notes together with the Class R2 Notes, the 
"Priority 2 Notes") and any Notes issued in any Class or Classes of Notes designated as ranking 
below the Priority 2 Notes will be designated as the "Subordinated Notes". 
A Sub-Class of Notes may have economic terms that differ from the other Sub-Class(es) of Notes 
in the same Class and each Sub-Class may therefore be denominated in a different currency or 
have different interest rates and/or interest payment dates, maturity dates or other terms. Notes 
of any Sub-Class may be zero coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes"), fixed rate Notes ("Fixed 
Rate Notes"), floating rate Notes ("Floating Rate Notes"), index-linked Notes ("Indexed Notes"), 
or any other type of Note issued by the Issuer from time to time and may be denominated in 
sterling, euro, U.S. dollars or in other currencies subject to compliance with applicable law. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Sub-Class of Notes are these terms and 
conditions ("Conditions") as completed by a final terms relating to such Sub-Class substantially 
in the form of the pro forma final terms set out in the base prospectus as revised, supplemented 
or amended from time to time ("Base Prospectus") for the Notes ("Final Terms") or, in the case 
of Notes issued before 1 July 2005, a pricing supplement in which case, where the context 
requires or permits, a reference in these Conditions to Final Terms shall be a reference to such 
pricing supplement. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
The Final Terms for this Note complete these Conditions. Reference to "Final Terms" is to the 
Final Terms annexed to this Note. 
The Notes are subject to and have the benefit of a trust deed dated 3 November 2004 (the 
"Exchange Date") (the "Principal Trust Deed"), such Principal Trust Deed and any subsequent 
supplemental trust deeds, the last dated 20 July 2022 (the "Tenth Supplemental Trust Deed" 
and, together with the Principal Trust Deed and any subsequent supplemental trust deeds, the 
"Trust Deed", as amended, supplemented, restated and/or novated from time to time) between 
the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as trustee for the Noteholders (the "Note 
Trustee", which expression includes the trustee or trustees of the Trust Deed from time to time). 
The Notes have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of an amended and restated agency 
agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 20 July 2022 between the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar. As used herein, each of 
"Principal Paying Agent", "Paying Agents", "Agent Bank", "Transfer Agents" and/or 
"Registrar" means, in relation to the Notes, the persons specified in the Agency Agreement as 
the Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agents, Agent Bank, Transfer Agents and/or Registrar 
respectively and, in each case, any successor to such person in such capacity. The Notes may 
also have the benefit (to the extent applicable) of a calculation agency agreement (in the form or 
substantially in the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement, the "Calculation Agency 
Agreement") between, inter alios, the Issuer and any calculation agent appointed by the Issuer 
as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"). In these Conditions, "Agents" means the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer Agents, the Registrar 
and any Calculation Agent and "Agent" means any of them.

--- Page 281 ---
260 
 
On the Exchange Date, the Issuer entered into a loan agreement (the "Intercompany Loan 
Agreement") with LS Property Finance Company Limited ("FinCo") pursuant to which the Issuer 
will make loan advances to FinCo with the proceeds of any issue of Notes under the Programme. 
The obligation of FinCo to pay interest and/or repay principal under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement will exclusively support the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes and will be 
secured pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents. 
On the Exchange Date, the Issuer entered into an account bank and cash management 
agreement (the "Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement") with Lloyds Bank plc (the 
"Account Bank", which term shall include the successors or assignees thereof), Land Securities 
(Finance) Limited (the "Cash Manager"), FinCo, the Obligors, the Obligor Security Trustee (each 
as defined below) and the Note Trustee. 
On the Exchange Date, the Issuer entered into a deed of charge (the "Issuer Deed of Charge") 
with, among others, the Note Trustee in its capacity as trustee for the Issuer Secured Creditors 
(as defined below), pursuant to which the Issuer grants fixed and floating charge security over all 
its assets and undertakings (the "Issuer Security") to the Note Trustee for itself and on behalf of 
the Noteholders, any receiver appointed under the Issuer Deed of Charge, each Agent, the 
Account Bank and any Replacement Cash Manager and any other creditors who accede to the 
Issuer Deed of Charge from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof (together, the 
"Issuer Secured Creditors"). 
On the Exchange Date, the Issuer entered into a security trust and intercreditor deed (the 
"Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed") with the Note Trustee, Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited as security trustee for the Issuer and the other Obligor Secured Creditors (as defined in 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed) (the "Obligor Security Trustee"), the Obligors (as 
defined in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed) and the other Obligor Secured Creditors, 
pursuant to which the Obligor Security Trustee holds the Obligor Security on trust for the Obligor 
Secured Creditors (including, save as regards the floating charges contained in the Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed, the Issuer) and the Obligor Secured Creditors (including the Issuer) agree 
to certain intercreditor arrangements. 
On the Exchange Date, the Issuer entered into a floating charge agreement (the "Obligor 
Floating Charge Agreement") with the Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee and the 
Obligors, pursuant to which the Issuer has the benefit of a first ranking floating charge over the 
whole of each Obligor's undertaking, assets, property and rights whatsoever and wheresoever, 
present and future. 
On the Exchange Date, the Issuer entered into a common terms agreement (the "Common 
Terms Agreement") with the Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Obligors and the 
other Obligor Secured Creditors pursuant to which the Issuer has the benefit of certain 
representations, warranties and covenants made by the Obligors. 
On the Exchange Date, certain Obligors granted standard securities (the "Standard Securities") 
over their real estate properties in Scotland, the benefit of which are held on trust in accordance 
with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed.

--- Page 282 ---
261 
 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement and the 
Standard Securities secure (inter alia) the obligations of FinCo under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement, which (by virtue of the Issuer Deed of Charge) means that the Notes are indirectly 
secured by all the assets over which such security is created. The Issuer Deed of Charge enables 
the Note Trustee to exercise all of the Issuer's rights in respect of the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement and the security documents referred to above. 
The Obligors (who have granted such security) will be affiliates of the Issuer, including in particular 
FinCo and Land Securities PLC. 
On 20 July 2022 the Issuer entered into an amended and restated dealership agreement (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealership Agreement") with 
the Obligors and the dealers named therein (the "Dealers") in respect of the Programme, 
pursuant to which any of the Dealers may enter into subscription agreements in relation to 
Classes or Sub-Classes of Notes (other than any Class R Notes) issued by the Issuer, and 
pursuant to which the Dealers agree to subscribe for the relevant Classes or Sub-Classes of 
Notes. 
The Issuer may enter into an underwriting agreement (a "Class R Underwriting Agreement") 
with the underwriters named therein (the "Class R Underwriters"), pursuant to which the Class 
R Underwriters will agree to underwrite the issue and sale of Class R Notes. 
On the Exchange Date, the Issuer entered into a deed of covenant (the "Tax Deed of Covenant") 
with the Note Trustee, the Obligor Security Trustee, the Obligors and Land Securities Group PLC. 
The Trust Deed, the Notes (including the relevant Final Terms), the Agency Agreement, the Issuer 
Deed of Charge, the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, the Intercompany Loan Agreement, 
the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement, the Common Terms Agreement, the Account Bank and 
Cash Management Agreement and the Tax Deed of Covenant are together referred to as the 
"Issuer Transaction Documents". 
Terms not defined in these Conditions have the meaning set out in the Trust Deed. 
Certain statements in these Conditions are summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions appearing in the Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Agency Agreement, any 
Class R Underwriting Agreement, the Dealership Agreement or the other Issuer Transaction 
Documents. Copies of, inter alia, the Issuer Transaction Documents are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Paying Agents (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the specified offices of the Transfer Agents and the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) (each as defined below), save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Sub-Class, the 
relevant Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes 
of that Sub-Class and such Noteholder must provide evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the 
relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The Noteholders (as defined below) are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are deemed 
to have notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed and the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. In addition, the Noteholders are entitled 
to the benefit of, are bound by, and will be deemed to have notice of the provisions of the Issuer

--- Page 283 ---
262 
 
Deed of Charge, the Intercompany Loan Agreement, the Common Terms Agreement and the 
other Issuer Transaction Documents applicable to them. 
Any reference in these Conditions to a matter being "specified" means as the same may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 284 ---
263 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes will be issued either (i) in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), serially numbered in 
a Specified Denomination (as specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) in registered form 
("Registered Notes") serially numbered in the Specified Denomination or an integral 
multiple thereof. References in these Conditions to "Notes" include Bearer Notes and 
Registered Notes and all Sub-Classes, Classes and Series of Notes. 
Interest bearing Bearer Notes (other than Class R Notes) are issued with Coupons (as 
defined below) and, where appropriate, a Talon (as defined below) attached. After all the 
Coupons attached to, or issued in respect of, any Bearer Note which was issued with a 
Talon have matured, a coupon sheet comprising further Coupons (other than Coupons 
which would be void) and (if necessary) one further Talon will be issued against 
presentation of the relevant Talon at the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to Bearer Notes, Coupons and Talons (if any) passes by delivery. Title to Registered 
Notes passes by registration in the register (the "Register"), which the Issuer shall 
procure will be kept by the Registrar. 
In these Conditions, subject as provided below, each "Noteholder", "holder" and 
"Holder" (in relation to a Note) means (i) in relation to a Bearer Note, the bearer of any 
Bearer Note and (ii) in relation to a Registered Note, the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered. The expressions "Noteholder", "holder" and "Holder" 
also include the holders of the Coupons (which, in relation to Class A Notes, will be "Class 
A Coupons", in relation to Class B Notes, "Class B Coupons", in relation to the 
Subordinated Notes, "Subordinated Coupons" and, together, the "Coupons") (if any) 
appertaining to interest bearing Bearer Notes (the "Couponholders") and the expression 
Couponholders includes the bearers of Talons in relation to Coupons (which, in relation 
to Class A Notes, will be "Class A Talons", in relation to Class B Notes, "Class B 
Talons", in relation to the Subordinated Notes, "Subordinated Talons" and together, the 
"Talons") (if any) for further Coupons attached to such Notes (the "Talonholders"). 
The bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Note will (except as otherwise required by law) be deemed and treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on the relevant Note, or its theft or loss 
or any express or constructive notice of any claim by any other person of any interest 
therein other than, in the case of a Registered Note, a duly executed transfer of such 
Note in the form endorsed on the Note Certificate in respect thereof) and no person will 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
(c) 
Fungible Issues of Notes comprising a Sub-Class 
A Sub-Class of Notes may comprise a number of issues of Notes of such Sub-Classes 
in addition to the initial issue of such Sub-Class, each of which will be issued on identical

--- Page 285 ---
264 
 
terms and conditions save for the first Note Payment Date, the Issue Date and the Issue 
Price. Such further issues of the same Sub-Class will be consolidated with and form a 
single series with the prior issues of Notes of that Sub-Class. 
2. 
Exchanges of Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Notes 
Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
A Registered Note may upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Agency 
Agreement be transferred upon the surrender of the relevant Individual Note Certificate, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly completed and executed, at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent or the Registrar. However, a Registered Note may 
not be transferred unless (i) the principal amount of Registered Notes to be transferred 
and (ii) the remaining principal amount of the Registered Notes (if any) to be retained by 
the relevant transferor are, in each case, Specified Denominations. In the case of a 
transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by an Individual Note 
Certificate, a new Individual Note Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will 
be issued to the transferor within three Business Days (in the place of the specified office 
of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar) of receipt of such form of transfer. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Individual Note Certificates 
Each new Individual Note Certificate to be issued upon transfer of Registered Notes will, 
within three Business Days (in the place of the specified office of the Transfer Agent or 
the Registrar) of receipt of such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar stipulated in the form of transfer, or be mailed 
at the risk of the Noteholder entitled to the Individual Note Certificate to such address as 
may be specified in such form of transfer. For these purposes, a form of transfer received 
by the Registrar after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 9(b) below) in respect of 
any payment due in respect of Registered Notes shall be deemed not to be effectively 
received by the Registrar until the business day (as defined in Condition 9(g) below) 
following the due date for such payment. 
(d) 
No Charge 
The transfer of a Registered Note will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar 
or (as the case may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other 
duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
transfer.

--- Page 286 ---
265 
 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No transfer of a Registered Note may be registered during the period of 15 days ending 
on the due date for any payment of principal, interest, Interest Amount or Redemption 
Amount on that Note. 
3. 
Status of Notes 
(a) 
Status of Class A Notes and Class R1 Notes 
This Condition 3(a) is applicable only in relation to Notes that are specified as being a 
Sub-Class of Class A Notes or Class R1 Notes in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Class A Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Talons and the Class R1 Notes will be 
direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, secured in the manner described in 
Condition 4 (Security and Relationship with Issuer Secured Creditors) and rank pari 
passu and pro rata without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
Status of Class B Notes and Class R2 Notes 
This Condition 3(b) is applicable only in relation to Notes that are specified as being a 
Sub-Class of Class B Notes or Class R2 Notes in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any Class B Notes, Class B Coupons, Class B Talons and the Class R2 Notes will be 
direct and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, secured in the manner described in 
Condition 4 (Security and Relationship with Issuer Secured Creditors) and subordinated 
to the Class A Notes, Class A Coupons, Class A Talons and the Class R1 Notes and rank 
pari passu and pro rata without any preference among themselves. 
(c) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 3(c) is applicable only in relation to Notes that are specified as being a 
Sub-Class of Subordinated Notes in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Coupons and Subordinated Talons will be direct 
and unconditional obligations of the Issuer, secured in the manner described in Condition 
4 (Security and Relationship with Issuer Secured Creditors) and subordinated to the 
Class B Notes, Class B Coupons, Class B Talons and the Class R2 Notes and rank pari 
passu and pro rata without any preference among themselves. The precise ranking of 
the Subordinated Notes vis-à-vis any other Class of Subordinated Notes issued by the 
Issuer is as specified in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer may after the Issue Date issue further Classes or Sub-Classes of 
Subordinated Notes which rank in priority to, pari passu and pro rata with, or subordinate 
to, the Subordinated Notes existing at the time of such issue provided that the Issuer may 
only issue further Classes or Sub-Classes of Subordinated Notes which rank in priority to 
Subordinated Notes existing at the time of such issue if such issue has been approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders of any Affected Class.

--- Page 287 ---
266 
 
In these Conditions "Affected Class" means: 
(i) 
in relation to the proposed introduction or change of any Secondary Debt Rank 
or Primary Debt Rank, each Sub-Class of Notes which corresponds to an ICL 
Loan which, as a result of such introduction or change, will become subordinated 
in point of security to any other Subordinated ICL Loan or Subordinated ACF 
Loan to which it is not then subordinated; 
(ii) 
in relation to the proposed incurrence of any Subordinated Debt after a 
Subordinated Debt Split, each Sub-Class of Notes which corresponds to a 
Subordinated ICL Loan that will be subordinate in point of security to the 
Subordinated Debt proposed to be drawn; 
(iii) 
in relation to the proposed change of the Primary Debt Rank of any ICL Loan, 
the Sub-Class of Notes which corresponds to such Loan; and 
(iv) 
in relation to any proposal to use funds standing to the credit of a DCA Ledger in 
respect of an ICL Loan to Prepay any Loan other than such ICL Loan, the Sub-
Class of Notes which corresponds to such ICL Loan. 
(d) 
Note Trustee not responsible for monitoring compliance 
The Note Trustee shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance by the Issuer with 
any of its obligations under the Issuer Transaction Documents except by means of receipt 
of a certificate from the Issuer which will state, among other things, that no Issuer Event 
of Default is outstanding. The Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificates 
absolutely. The Note Trustee is not responsible for monitoring compliance by any of the 
parties with their respective obligations under the Issuer Transaction Documents. The 
Note Trustee may call for and is at liberty to accept as sufficient evidence a certificate 
signed by any two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, the Obligors (or any of them) or 
any other party to any Issuer Transaction Document to the effect that any particular 
dealing, transaction, step or thing is in the opinion of the persons so certifying suitable or 
expedient or as to any other fact or matter upon which the Note Trustee may require to 
be satisfied. The Note Trustee is in no way bound to call for further evidence or be 
responsible for any loss that may be occasioned by acting on any such certificate 
although the same may contain some error or is not authentic. The Note Trustee is 
entitled to rely upon any certificate believed by it to be genuine and will not be liable for 
so acting. 
4. 
Security and Relationship with Issuer Secured Creditors 
(a) 
Security 
As far as permitted by and subject to compliance with any applicable law and as 
continuing security for the payment and discharge of the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Notes and Coupons and in respect of the other Issuer Secured Creditors under the 
Issuer Transaction Documents (including the remuneration, fees, expenses and other 
claims of the Note Trustee under the Trust Deed, and of the Note Trustee and any 
Receiver appointed under the Issuer Deed of Charge, to any Replacement Cash Manager

--- Page 288 ---
267 
 
and the Account Bank under the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement and 
to the Agents under the Agency Agreement) (the "Issuer Secured Liabilities") the Issuer 
created the following security (the "Issuer Security") in favour of the Note Trustee for 
itself and on behalf of the other Issuer Secured Creditors (including, without limitation, 
the Note Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders) by execution of the Issuer Deed of Charge 
on the Exchange Date: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge over the Issuer Accounts; 
(ii) 
an assignment and assignation by way of security of the interest of the Issuer 
under each Issuer Transaction Document (other than the Trust Deed and the 
Issuer Deed of Charge); 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of security of the beneficial interest of the Issuer under the 
Obligor Transaction Documents; and 
(iv) 
a first floating charge over the whole of the Issuer's undertaking, assets, property 
and rights whatsoever and wheresoever, present and future, including its 
uncalled capital, 
all as more particularly set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
All Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme share in the Issuer Security as more 
particularly set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
(b) 
Relationship among Noteholders and with other Issuer Secured Creditors 
Except where expressly provided otherwise in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions, 
including Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), 
the Trust Deed contains provisions requiring the Note Trustee to have regard to the 
interests of the Noteholders equally as a single class as regards all rights, powers, trusts, 
authorities, duties and discretions of the Note Trustee, but requiring the Note Trustee in 
any such case to have regard only to the interests of the holders of the Most Senior Class 
of Notes then outstanding if, in the Note Trustee's opinion, there is a conflict between the 
interests of the holders of such Class and any other Class of Notes then outstanding. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, in the exercise of its rights, authorities 
and discretions under the Trust Deed, the Note Trustee is only required to have regard 
to the interests of the Noteholders or, as the case may be, the holders of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes then outstanding and not to the interests of the other Issuer Secured 
Creditors. 
The Trust Deed and these Conditions contain provisions limiting the powers of the holders 
of any Class of Notes other than the Most Senior Class of Notes, inter alia, to request or 
direct the Note Trustee to take any action or to pass an effective Extraordinary Resolution 
which may affect the interests of the holders of each of the other Classes of Notes ranking 
equally with or senior to such Class. Except in certain circumstances set out in the Trust 
Deed and these Conditions (including Condition 15 (Meetings of Noteholders,

--- Page 289 ---
268 
 
Modification, Waiver and Substitution)), the Trust Deed contains no such limitation on the 
powers of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes, the exercise of which will be 
binding on all such holders, irrespective of the effect thereof on their interests. 
In exercising its rights, powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions in accordance 
with this Condition 4, the Note Trustee shall disregard any Step-Up Amounts for the 
purposes of determining whether there are any Notes of a particular Class outstanding. 
In these Conditions, "Most Senior Class of Notes" means (i) any outstanding Class A 
Notes and Class R1 Notes, or (ii) if no Class A Notes or Class R1 Notes are then 
outstanding, any outstanding Class B Notes and Class R2 Notes, or (iii) if no Class A 
Notes, Class R1 Notes, Class B Notes or Class R2 Notes are then outstanding, the most 
senior outstanding Class of the Subordinated Notes, in each case, if instructing, directing 
or requesting the Note Trustee on any matter, acting together whether by means of an 
Extraordinary Resolution or a written instruction, direction or request of the holders of at 
least one quarter of the principal amount of the relevant Class of Notes then outstanding. 
(c) 
Relationship with Obligor Secured Creditors 
The Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed will include provisions relating to the holding of 
meetings between the providers of secured finance to the Obligors and Noteholders and 
voting on certain issues concerning the Obligors. 
(i) 
Debtholders' Meetings: On issues relating to the enforcement of the security 
interests granted by the Obligors, the acceleration of secured obligations owed 
by the Obligors, the removal of the Obligor Security Trustee and the appointment 
of any successor thereof, and the modification or waiver of the Financial 
Covenant (as defined in the Common Terms Agreement), the Obligor Security 
Trustee shall, in accordance with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, hold 
a Debtholders' Meeting, at which certain Class(es) or Sub-Class(es) of 
Noteholders who are Qualifying Debtholders for the purpose of such Debtholders' 
Meeting ("Qualifying Noteholders") are eligible to vote (the composition of the 
Qualifying Debtholders (and hence Qualifying Noteholders) in respect of a 
Debtholders' Meeting being prescribed in the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed). At any Debtholders' Meeting, the Note Trustee shall act as the 
Representative (as defined in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed) of such 
Qualifying Noteholders. The Note Trustee will vote on behalf of such Qualifying 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15(b) (Debtholders' Meetings) below, 
and any decision reached at a Debtholders' Meeting shall bind all Classes of 
Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Extraordinary Resolutions: On issues relating to the modification of, the consents 
under, or the waivers in respect of breaches or potential breaches of, the Obligor 
Transaction Documents (including any Basic Terms Modification, the creation or 
modification of Primary Debt Ranks or Secondary Debt Ranks, consent for the 
Obligors to incur Subordinated Debt (as defined in the Common Terms 
Agreement) which rank prior to, or pari passu with, any Subordinated Notes), the 
Obligor Security Trustee may, in accordance with the Security Trust and

--- Page 290 ---
269 
 
Intercreditor Deed, seek confirmation from the Note Trustee that the holders of 
the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding (or, in the case of a Basic Terms 
Modification, the holders of each Sub-Class of Notes, or in the case of the 
modification of Primary Ranks or the creation or modification of Secondary Debt 
Ranks, the holders of Notes comprised in any Affected Class) have passed an 
Extraordinary Resolution approving such modification, consent or waiver, in 
accordance with Condition 15(a) (Meetings of Noteholders). Any such 
Extraordinary Resolution shall bind all Noteholders. 
(d) 
Application Prior to Enforcement 
Prior to enforcement of the Issuer Security by the Note Trustee, the Cash Manager, on 
behalf of the Issuer, is required to apply funds available to the Issuer in accordance with 
the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments (as set out in the Issuer Deed of 
Charge). 
(e) 
Enforceable Security 
In the event of the Issuer Security becoming enforceable as provided in Condition 11(b) 
(Consequences of Notes becoming Due and Payable and Delivery of Note Enforcement 
Notice) below, the Note Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute 
such proceedings as it thinks fit to enforce its rights with respect to the Issuer Security, 
but it shall not be bound to do so unless instructed by the holders of the Most Senior 
Class of Notes then outstanding, and without any liability as to the consequence of such 
action and without having regard to the effect thereof on, or being required to account for 
such action to, any particular Noteholder, provided that the Note Trustee shall not be 
obliged to take any action unless it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
Although the Issuer holds certain floating charges granted by the Obligors under the 
Obligor Floating Charge Agreement (and the Note Trustee is an assignee by way of 
security of such floating charges pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge), the Issuer and 
the Note Trustee have agreed with the Obligor Security Trustee in the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement that any proceeds from the enforcement of the security contained in 
the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement shall be shared between the Issuer and the other 
Obligor Secured Creditors, by applying such proceeds towards the applicable priority of 
payments as set out in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
The Obligor Floating Charge Agreement also provides that the Note Trustee (as the 
assignee by way of security of the floating charges contained therein) is required to 
appoint an administrative receiver in respect of any Obligor if the Note Trustee has actual 
notice of an application for the appointment of an administrator or of the giving of notice 
of intention to appoint an administrator in respect of such Obligor, such appointment to 
take effect upon the final day by which the appointment must be made in order to prevent 
an administration from proceeding or (where an Obligor or the directors of an Obligor 
have initiated its administration) not later than that final day (and the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement provides that the Note Trustee shall agree that it is adequately 
indemnified and secured in respect of its making such appointment by virtue of its 
indemnification rights against the Issuer under the Issuer Deed of Charge and against

--- Page 291 ---
270 
 
the Obligors under the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement, and the security it has in 
respect of those rights). 
(f) 
Application After Enforcement 
After enforcement of the Issuer Security in accordance with Condition 4(e) (Enforceable 
Security), the Note Trustee shall (to the extent that such funds are available) use all 
monies received or recovered by it under the Issuer Deed of Charge (except proceeds in 
respect of the floating charge contained in the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement) to 
make payments in accordance with the Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments (as 
set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge). 
(g) 
Note Trustee not liable for security 
The Note Trustee will not be liable for any failure to make the usual investigations or any 
investigations which might be made by a security holder in relation to the property which 
is the subject of the Issuer Security, and shall not be bound to enquire into or be liable for 
any defect or failure in the right or title of the Issuer to the Issuer Security, whether such 
defect or failure was known to the Note Trustee or might have been discovered upon 
examination or enquiry or whether capable of remedy or not, nor will it have any liability 
for the enforceability of the Issuer Security whether as a result of any failure, omission or 
defect in registering or filing or otherwise protecting or perfecting such Issuer Security. 
The Note Trustee has no responsibility for the value of any Issuer Security. 
5. 
Issuer Covenants 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer has agreed to comply with 
the covenants set out in the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
The Note Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely on a certificate signed by two 
directors of the Issuer in relation to any matter relating to such covenants and to accept 
without liability any such certificate as sufficient evidence of the relevant fact or matter 
stated in such certificate. 
6. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
Each Note other than (i) Zero Coupon Notes and (ii) any Class R Note for so long as it is 
held by the Issuer bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding (as defined below) 
from the Interest Commencement Date (as defined below) at the Interest Rate (as defined 
below), such interest being payable in arrear on each Note Payment Date (as defined 
below). 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only 
of a Note, that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event

--- Page 292 ---
271 
 
interest will continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Interest Rate in 
the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the Relevant Date (as defined below). 
In the case of accrued interest on any Class of Notes other than the Most Senior Class 
of Notes (as defined in Condition 4(b) (Relationship among Noteholders and with other 
Issuer Secured Creditors) above) (or any accrued Note Step-Up Amount relating to the 
Most Senior Class of Notes), if, on any Note Payment Date prior to the delivery of a Note 
Enforcement Notice under Condition 11(a) (Default Events), there are insufficient funds 
available to the Issuer to pay such accrued interest or such accrued Note Step-Up 
Amount, the Issuer's liability to pay such accrued interest or accrued Note Step-Up 
Amount will be treated as not having fallen due and will be deferred until the earlier of: (i) 
the next following Note Payment Date on which the Issuer has, in accordance with the 
Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments, sufficient funds available to pay such 
deferred amounts (including any interest accrued thereon); and (ii) the Note Payment 
Date following the full and final repayment of all Notes which rank in priority to such Notes. 
Any deferred interest on a Sub-Class of Notes shall be payable pari passu and pro rata 
with deferred interest on all other Sub-Classes of Notes in that Class. Interest will accrue 
on such deferred interest at the rate otherwise payable on unpaid principal of such Notes. 
In this Condition 6, "Note Step-Up Amount" means, in relation to any Sub-Class of 
Notes, the amount of the interest payable in respect thereof which represents either (i) 
an increase in Margin equal to the Note Step-Up Rate (where Condition 6(f)(i) (Interest 
Rate Step-Up) applies), or (ii) the Note Step Up Rate (where Condition 6(f)(ii) (Interest 
Rate Step-Up) applies), from a specific date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Note Step-Up Rate" means the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms as such. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention and would 
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day (as defined below), then if the Business 
Day Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms is: 
(i) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Floating Rate Notes 
Subject to Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up) this Condition 6(c) is applicable only if 
the relevant Final Terms specifies the Notes as Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 293 ---
272 
 
Screen Rate Determination (EURIBOR) 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Notes for each Note Interest Period will, subject as provided in Condition 6(n) (Benchmark 
Replacement) below, be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA is specified as 
the Relevant Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable) on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Relevant Screen Page (as defined below) displays a rate which is a 
composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Agent Bank (or 
the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will determine the Relevant Rate (as defined 
in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) below); 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates (as defined in Condition 6(j) 
(Definitions) below) which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) below) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that Relevant Screen 
Page or, in the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that 
Relevant Screen Page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, Issuer (or a third party agent appointed by the Issuer) will: 
(1) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) below) to 
provide a quotation of the Relevant Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) 
below) interbank market (or, if appropriate, money market) in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; 
and 
(2) 
provide such quotations to the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) who shall determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; 
and 
(iv) 
if by 5:00pm (local time in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency) 
on the Business Day following the relevant Interest Determination Date fewer 
than two such quotations are provided as requested in Condition 6(c)(iii), the 
Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the rates (being the rates nearest to the Relevant Rate as determined 
by the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable)) quoted by the 
Reference Banks, requested and selected by the Issuer (or a third party agent 
appointed by the Issuer), at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of the Relevant Currency) on the first day of the relevant Note 
Interest Period (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) below) for loans in the

--- Page 294 ---
273 
 
Relevant Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
Note Interest Period and in the Representative Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(j) (Definitions) below),  
and the Interest Rate for such Note Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and 
the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined. However, if fewer 
than two such quotations are provided by 5:00pm (local time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre of the Relevant Currency) on the Business Day prior to the first day of the relevant 
Note Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes during such Note Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Note Interest 
Period. 
Screen Rate Determination (SONIA) 
If "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and the Relevant Rate specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, the Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each 
Note Interest Period will, subject as provided in Condition 6(n) (Benchmark Replacement) 
below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable). 
In this Condition 6(c): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to a Note Interest Period, will be calculated 
by the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) on each Interest Determination 
Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x 365
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Note Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Note Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 295 ---
274 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the relevant Note Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, where the Relevant Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is SONIA, in respect of any Note Interest Period, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Note Payment Date for such Note Interest Period (or the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are 
due and payable); 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Note Interest Period or Observation 
Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Note Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Note 
Interest Period (and the first Note Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the Note Payment Date for such Note Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" for any Note Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the number 
of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" 
(as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no such period is specified, five London 
Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for:

--- Page 296 ---
275 
 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Note Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 6(n) (Benchmark 
Replacement), be:  
(i) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (b) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five 
London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(ii) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA Reference Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the 
latest determined rate under (A). 
Subject to Condition 6(n) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Interest Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6(c), the Interest 
Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Note Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Note Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Note Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Note Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Note Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Note Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first Note Interest 
Period). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, but subject to Condition 6(n) (Benchmark Replacement) 
in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA reference 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA reference rate, the Agent 
Bank (or the Calculation Agent if applicable), as applicable, shall subject to receiving 
written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, follow such

--- Page 297 ---
276 
 
guidance to determine SONIA reference rate for so long as the SONIA reference rate is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
ISDA Determination 
If "ISDA Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate(s) applicable to the Notes 
for each Note Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Note Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) 
below)) that would be determined by the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent Bank (or the Calculation 
Agent, if applicable) were acting as calculation agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the 
Specified Duration (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) below); and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions; 
(D) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 298 ---
277 
 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Compounding with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lookback is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging 
with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method 
in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with Lockout is 
the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout 
Period Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(iv) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Note Interest 
Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(v) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable:

--- Page 299 ---
278 
 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
No interest shall be payable on any Class R Notes while held by the Issuer. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Subject to Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up), this Condition 6(d) is applicable only if 
the relevant Final Terms specifies the Notes as Fixed Rate Notes. 
The Interest Rate applicable to the Notes for each Note Interest Period will be the fixed 
rate specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Note Payment Date in respect of the Note Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Payments of Interest on any Note Payment Date will, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
(e) 
Indexed Notes 
Subject to Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up), this Condition 6(e) is applicable only if 
the relevant Final Terms specifies the Notes as Indexed Notes. 
Payments of principal on, and the interest payable in respect of, the Notes will be subject 
to adjustment for indexation as set out in Condition 7(a)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio) 
or Condition 7(b)(iii) (Application of the Index Ratio), as applicable. The Interest Rate 
applicable to the Notes for each Note Interest Period will be at the rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Interest Rate Step-Up 
(i) 
This Condition 6(f)(i) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Step-Up as applicable.  
(a) 
From and including the Note Step-Up Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Interest Rate in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes that are 
specified in the Final Terms as Fixed Rate Notes, Indexed Notes or Zero 
Coupon Notes will be determined in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 6(c) (Floating Rate Notes), save that the Margin shall be 
increased by the Note Step-Up Rate specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 300 ---
279 
 
(b) 
From and including the Note Step-Up Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Margin shall be increased by the Note Step-Up Rate specified 
in the Final Terms in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes that are specified 
in the Final Terms as Floating Rate Notes. 
(ii) 
This Condition 6(f)(ii) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the 
Fixed Rate Step-Up as applicable. From and including the Note Step-Up Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Interest Rate in respect of any Sub-
Class of Notes that are specified in the Final Terms as Fixed Rate Notes, Indexed 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes will be the rate specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the Accrual Yield specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) plus the Note Step-Up Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being 
rounded up); 
(ii) 
all figures will be rounded according to market convention; and 
(iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest 
unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up). For these purposes, "unit" 
means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, means 0.01 euro. 
(h) 
Calculations 
Unless an Interest Amount is otherwise specified in respect of such period in the relevant 
Final Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for 
such Note Interest Period will equal such Interest Amount, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of the Notes for each Note Interest Period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Interest Rate and: 
(i) 
 
(a) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note during that Note Interest Period; or  
(b) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form where there is no Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Specified Denomination of such Note; and

--- Page 301 ---
280 
 
(ii) 
the Day Count Fraction (as defined below),  
and in the case of Indexed Notes only, adjusted according to the indexation set out in 
Condition 7(a)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio) or Condition 7(b)(ii) (Application of the 
Index Ratio), as applicable).  
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts  
As soon as practicable after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date or 
such other time on such date as the Cash Manager or the Agent Bank (or the Calculation 
Agent, if applicable), as applicable, may be required to calculate any Redemption 
Amount, in the case of the Cash Manager, or obtain any quote or make any determination 
or calculation, in the case of the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable), the 
Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will determine the Interest Rate and 
calculate the amount of interest payable (the "Interest Amounts") for the relevant Note 
Interest Period (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any applicable Index Ratio to be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio) or 
Condition 7(b)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio), as applicable) and obtain such quote 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and the Cash Manager 
shall calculate the Redemption Amount. 
The Agent Bank will cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Note 
Interest Period and the relevant Note Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Redemption Amount, or any Principal Amount Outstanding to be notified to, in the case 
of Bearer Notes, the Paying Agents or, in the case of Registered Notes, the Registrar 
and, in each case, the Note Trustee, the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") and each other listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which the relevant Notes have then 
been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as possible after its 
determination but in no event later than (i) (in case of notification to Euronext Dublin and 
each other listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the 
relevant Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation) the 
commencement of the relevant Note Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in 
the case of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth 
Business Day after such determination. 
The Interest Amounts and the Note Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Note Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to Euronext Dublin and each other listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system on which the relevant Sub-Class or Class of 
Notes are for the time being listed, traded and/or quoted or by which they have been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11 (Issuer 
Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the 
Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously provided in accordance 
with this Condition 6 but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so

--- Page 302 ---
281 
 
calculated need be made unless otherwise required by the Note Trustee. The 
determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount and Redemption Amount, the 
obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the Agent 
Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable), the Cash Manager or, as the case may be, 
the Note Trustee pursuant to this Condition 6 or Condition 7 (Indexation), shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions and in the relevant Final Terms, unless the context otherwise 
requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below. 
"Business Day" means a day which is: 
(i) 
A day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
If TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; and  
(iii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Relevant Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
Relevant Currency or (b) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting a Note Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the

--- Page 303 ---
282 
 
number of Determination Periods that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods that would occur in one calendar year, 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Note Payment Date; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (2) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 304 ---
283 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 305 ---
284 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
"euro" means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the Issue 
Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and a Note 
Interest Period in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the day falling two Business Days in 
London prior to the first day of such Note Interest Period (or if the relevant currency is 
sterling the first day of such Note Interest Period) (as adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention (as defined above) specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
"Interest Rate" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the rate of interest payable 
from time to time in respect of such Notes and which is either specified as such in, or 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of, these Conditions and/or the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2000 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at 
the date of issue of the first Series of Notes of the relevant Sub-Class as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
"Issue Date" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the date specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Margin" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Floating Rate Notes, the rate per annum 
(or otherwise as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (expressed as a percentage) 
specified as such in item 15(xi) of the relevant Final Terms and, for the purposes of 
Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up), means the rate specified as such in item 16 of the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the final date on which the full principal amount of the Note is 
due and payable; 
"Note Interest Period" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the period 
beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the first Note Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and

--- Page 306 ---
285 
 
including) a Note Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Note 
Payment Date; 
"Note Payment Dates" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the dates specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities 
which adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing 
the European Communities (as amended), and "Participating Member States" means 
all of them; 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means, at any date (a) in relation to a Note, the 
principal amount of that Note upon issue less any repayment of principal made to the 
Holder(s) thereof and (b) in relation to any Sub-Class or Class, the aggregate principal 
amount of all Notes in such Sub-Class or Class less any repayment of principal made to 
the Holder(s) thereof, provided that, in the case of (b) for the purposes of Condition 15 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) only, it shall exclude 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by (1) the Issuer, any Obligor or 
any Non-Restricted Group Entity, (2) any person for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries or holding companies or any subsidiaries of any of its holding companies or 
(3) any person who has failed to surrender for repurchase any Class R Note on any Note 
Payment Date (other than where the Issuer was not obliged to repurchase the same);  
"Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the amount 
provided under Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation);  
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer (or a third party agent appointed by the Issuer) in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money market) which is most closely connected with the 
Relevant Rate; 
"Relevant Currency" means the currency specified as such or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which such Notes are denominated; 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes, the earlier of (a) the date 
on which all amounts in respect of such Notes have been paid, and (b) five days after the 
date on which all of the Principal Amount Outstanding (adjusted in the case of Indexed 
Notes in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio) or Condition 
7(b)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio), as applicable) has been received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices); 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Sub-Class of Notes, the 
financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the financial centre with which the Relevant Rate is most closely connected as 
determined by the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable);

--- Page 307 ---
286 
 
"Relevant Rate" means (i) SONIA or (ii) EURIBOR, in each case for a Representative 
Amount of the Relevant Currency for a period (if applicable) equal to the Specified 
Duration, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, or such 
other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace the same on that 
information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be 
nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of displaying comparable rates or prices; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to 
determine offered rates in respect of deposits in the Relevant Currency in the interbank 
market in the Relevant Financial Centre; 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date, the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms as such or, 
if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the time; 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) to be determined on an Interest Determination Date, the period or duration 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time 
equal to the relative Note Interest Period; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer system. 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of a Note Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Note Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Relevant Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Note Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Note Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 308 ---
287 
 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Relevant Rate. 
(l) 
Agent Bank, Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that there shall at all times be an Agent Bank (and a Calculation 
Agent, if applicable) and four Reference Banks selected by the Issuer acting through the 
Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) with offices in the Relevant Financial 
Centre if provision is made for them in these Conditions applicable to this Note and for 
so long as it is outstanding. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is 
unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the Issuer acting through 
the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will select another Reference 
Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. If the 
Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) is unable or unwilling to act as such 
or if the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) fails duly to establish the 
Interest Rate for any Note Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts or any 
other requirements, the Issuer will appoint a successor to act as such in its place. The 
Agent Bank may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. 
(m) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6, whether by the Principal Paying Agent, the Agent Bank (or the Calculation 
Agent, the Note Trustee or the Cash Manager, if applicable), shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, negligence, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent 
Bank, the Note Trustee, the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents 
and all Noteholders, Couponholders and other Issuer Secured Creditors and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Agent 
Bank or, if applicable, any Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(n) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 6(c) (Floating Rate Notes) if the Issuer 
determines that the relevant Relevant Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms has 
ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark 
ceasing to be calculated or administered when any Interest Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Relevant Rate (a 
"Benchmark Event"), then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Note Interest 
Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date"), a Successor Rate (as defined

--- Page 309 ---
288 
 
below) or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference 
Rate (as defined below) for purposes of determining the Interest Rate (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Notes; 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Reference Rate prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a 
Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
shall be the Relevant Rate for each of the future Note Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
6(n) (Benchmark Replacement)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) 
applies and the Issuer is unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding Note Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Interest Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a 
preceding Note Interest Period (subject, where applicable, to substituting the 
Margin that applied to such preceding Note Interest Period for the Margin that is 
to be applied to the relevant Note Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable)); 
for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to 
the relevant Note Interest Period only and any subsequent Note Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 6(n) (Benchmark Replacement)); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the 
above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable), may 
also specify amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement (such amendments being "Benchmark Amendments", which for the 
avoidance of doubt shall not be treated as being within the scope of the Basic 
Terms Modifications), including but not limited to the Day Count Fraction, 
Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Relevant Rate applicable to the Notes, 
and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a

--- Page 310 ---
289 
 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without 
an Adjustment Spread. Noteholder consent shall not be required in connection 
with effecting the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
or such other changes, including for the execution of any documents or other 
steps by the Trustee or the Agents (if required); 
(v) 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer (i) confirming that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, and (ii) certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and 
these Conditions), provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if 
in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce 
or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee in these Conditions or 
the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust 
deed) in any way. For the avoidance of doubt, any Benchmark Amendments 
which would impose more onerous obligations upon an Agent or expose it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Agency Agreement shall require such Agent's written 
consent; and 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), give notice thereof to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders, which shall specify the effective 
date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and any consequential Benchmark Amendments. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(n) (Benchmark Replacement): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero) or 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Relevant Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Relevant Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or

--- Page 311 ---
290 
 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been 
made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Relevant Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the 
Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion 
(as applicable), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Relevant Rate in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in 
respect of bonds denominated in the Relevant Currency and of a comparable duration to 
the relevant Note Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Relevant Rate; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a relevant rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the relevant rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the relevant rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
relevant rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the relevant rate, (c) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) (as applicable) determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the Relevant Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
Indexation

--- Page 312 ---
291 
 
(a) 
Indexation of RPI Indexed Notes 
This Condition 7(a) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies (i) that the 
Notes are Indexed Notes and (ii) that the applicable Index is RPI (such Notes, the “RPI 
Indexed Notes”). 
(i) 
Definitions  
"Base Index Figure" means (subject to Condition 7(a)(iii)(A) (Change in base)) the base index 
figure as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index" or "Index Figure" means, subject as provided in Condition 7(a)(iii)(A) (Change in base), 
the UK Retail Prices Index ("RPI") (for all items) published by the Office for National Statistics 
(January 1987 — 100) or any comparable index which may replace the UK Retail Prices Index 
for the purpose of calculating the amount payable on repayment of the Reference Gilt. Any 
reference in these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms to the “Index Figure applicable” 
to a month or date shall, subject in each case as provided in Condition 7(a)(iii) (Changes in 
Circumstances Affecting the Index) and 7(a)(v) (Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the 
Index): 
(A) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify the Index Figure applicable to a 
particular month, be construed as a reference to the Index Figure 
published in the seventh month prior to that particular month and relating 
to the month before that of publication; or 
(B) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify the Index Figure applicable to the first 
calendar day of any month, be construed as a reference to the Index 
Figure published in the second month prior to that particular month and 
relating to the month before that of publication; or 
(C) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify the Index Figure applicable to any 
other day in any month, be calculated by linear interpolation between (x) 
the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the month in which 
the specified day falls, calculated as described in sub-paragraph (B) 
above, and (y) the Index Figure applicable to the first calendar day of the 
month following the month in which the specified day falls, calculated as 
described in sub-paragraph (B) above; 
"Index Ratio" applicable to any month or date, as the case may be, means the Index Figure 
applicable to such month or date, as the case may be, divided by the Base Index Figure and 
rounded to the nearest fifth decimal place (0.000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Limited Index Ratio" means (a) in respect of any month or date, as the case may be, prior to 
the relevant Issue Date (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions)), the Index Ratio for that month 
or date, as the case may be; (b) in respect of any Limited Indexation Month or Limited Indexation 
Date after the relevant Issue Date, the product of the Limited Indexation Factor for that month or 
date, as the case may be, and the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the 
month or date, as the case may be, 12 months prior thereto; and (c) in respect of any other month,

--- Page 313 ---
292 
 
or date, as the case may be, the Limited Index Ratio as previously calculated in respect of the 
most recent Limited Indexation Month or Limited Indexation Date; 
"Limited Indexation Date" means any date falling during the period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for which a Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
"Limited Indexation Factor" means, in respect of a Limited Indexation Month or Limited 
Indexation Date, as the case may be, the ratio of the Index Figure applicable to that month or 
date, as the case may be, divided by the Index Figure applicable to the month or date, as the 
case may be, 12 months prior thereto, provided that (a) if such ratio is greater than the Maximum 
Indexation Factor (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to 
such Maximum Indexation Factor and (b) if such ratio is less than the Minimum Indexation Factor 
(if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms, it shall be deemed to be equal to such Minimum 
Indexation Factor; 
"Limited Indexation Month" means any month specified in the relevant Final Terms for which a 
Limited Indexation Factor is to be calculated; 
"Limited Indexed Notes" means RPI Indexed Notes to which a Maximum Indexation Factor 
and/or a Minimum Indexation Factor (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) applies; and 
"Reference Gilt" means the index-linked Treasury Stock specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms for so long as such stock is in issue, and thereafter such issue of index-linked Treasury 
Stock determined to be appropriate by a gilt-edged market maker or other adviser selected by the 
Issuer (an "Indexation Adviser"). 
(ii) 
Application of the Index Ratio  
Each payment of interest and principal in respect of the RPI Indexed Notes shall be the amount 
provided in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, multiplied by the Index Ratio or 
(in the case of Limited Indexed Notes) the Limited Index Ratio applicable to the month or date, as 
the case may be, in or on which such payment falls to be made and rounded in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) (Rounding). 
(iii) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index  
(A) 
Change in base: If at any time and from time to time the Index is changed 
by the substitution of a new base therefor, then with effect from the month 
from and including that in which such substitution takes effect or the first 
date from and including that on which such substitution takes effect, as 
the case may be,(I) the definition of "Index" and "Index Figure" in 
Condition 7(a)(i) (Definitions) shall be deemed to refer to the new date or 
month in substitution for January 1987 (or, as the case may be, to such 
other date or month as may have been substituted therefor), and (II) the 
new Base Index Figure shall be the product of the existing Base Index 
Figure (specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the Index Figure 
immediately following such substitution, divided by the Index Figure 
immediately prior to such substitution.

--- Page 314 ---
293 
 
(B) 
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (A) of the definition of 
Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure which is normally published 
in the seventh month and which relates to the eighth month (the 
"relevant month") before the month in which a payment is due to be 
made is not published on or before the fourteenth business day before 
the date on which such payment is due (the "date for payment"), the 
Index Figure applicable to the month in which the date for payment falls 
shall be (I) such substitute index figure (if any) as the Issuer considers 
(acting solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) to have been 
published by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank 
of England, as the case may be, for the purposes of indexation of 
payments on the Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one 
or more issues of index-linked Treasury Stock selected by an Indexation 
Adviser or (II) if no such determination is made by such Indexation 
Adviser within seven days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, 
the substitute index figure last determined pursuant to Condition 
7(a)(iii)(A) (Change in base)) before the date for payment.  
(C) 
Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (B) and/or (C) of the 
definition of Index Figure is applicable: If the Index Figure relating to any 
month (the "calculation month") which is required to be taken into 
account for the purposes of the determination of the Index Figure for any 
date is not published on or before the fourteenth business day before the 
date on which such payment is due (the "date for payment"), the Index 
Figure applicable for the relevant calculation month shall be (I) such 
substitute index figure (if any) as the Issuer considers (acting solely on 
the advice of the Indexation Adviser) to have been published by the 
United Kingdom Debt Management Office or the Bank of England, as the 
case may be, for the purposes of indexation of payments on the 
Reference Gilt or, failing such publication, on any one or more issues of 
index-linked Treasury Stock selected by an Indexation Adviser or (II) if 
no such determination is made by such Indexation Adviser within seven 
days, the Index Figure last published (or, if later, the substitute index 
figure last determined pursuant to Condition 7(a)(iii)(A) (Change in base)) 
before the date for payment;  
(iv) 
Application of Changes 
Where the provisions of Condition 7(a)(iii)(B) (Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (A) 
of the definition of Index Figure is applicable) or Condition 7(a)(iii)(C) (Delay in publication of Index 
if sub-paragraph (B) and/or (C) of the definition of Index Figure is applicable) apply, the 
determination of the Indexation Adviser as to the Index Figure applicable to the month in which 
the date for payment falls or the date for payment, as the case may be, shall be conclusive and 
binding. If, where an Index Figure has been applied pursuant to Condition 7(a)(iii)(B)(II) or 
Condition 7(a)(iii)(C)(II), as applicable, the Index Figure relating to the relevant month or relevant 
calculation month, as the case may be, is subsequently published while a Note is still outstanding, 
then:

--- Page 315 ---
294 
 
(A) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest in respect of such Note 
other than upon final redemption of such Note, the principal or interest 
(as the case may be) next payable after the date of such subsequent 
publication shall be increased or reduced by an amount equal to 
(respectively) the shortfall or excess of the amount of the relevant 
payment made on the basis of the Index Figure applicable by virtue of 
Condition 7(a)(iii)(B)(II) or Condition 7(a)(iii)(C)(II), below or above the 
amount of the relevant payment that would have been due if the Index 
Figure subsequently published had been published on or before the 
fourteenth business day before the date for payment; and 
(B) 
in relation to a payment of principal or interest upon final redemption, no 
subsequent adjustment to amounts paid will be made. 
(v) 
Cessation of or Fundamental Changes to the Index 
(A) 
If (I) the Note Trustee has been notified by the Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable) that the Index has ceased to be 
published or (II) any change is made to the coverage or the basic 
calculation of the Index which constitutes a fundamental change which 
would, in the opinion of the Note Trustee acting solely on the advice of 
the Indexation Adviser, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
relevant Noteholders, the Note Trustee will give written notice of such 
occurrence to the Issuer, and the Issuer and the Note Trustee (acting 
solely on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) together shall seek to 
agree for the purpose of the Notes one or more adjustments to the Index 
or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the intention that 
the same should leave the Issuer and the relevant Noteholders in no 
better and no worse position than they would have been had the Index 
not ceased to be published or the relevant fundamental change not been 
made. 
(B) 
If the Issuer and the Note Trustee (acting solely on the advice of the 
Indexation Adviser) fail to reach agreement as mentioned above within 
20 business days following the giving of notice as mentioned in 
paragraph (A), a bank or other person in London shall be appointed by 
the Issuer and the Note Trustee or, failing agreement on the making of 
such appointment within 20 business days following the expiry of the 20-
business-day period referred to above, by the Note Trustee (acting solely 
on the advice of the Indexation Adviser) (in each case, such bank or 
other person so appointed being referred to as the "Expert"), to 
determine for the purpose of the Notes one or more adjustments to the 
Index or a substitute index (with or without adjustments) with the intention 
that the same should leave the Issuer and the relevant Noteholders in no 
better and no worse position than they would have been had the Index 
not ceased to be published or the relevant fundamental change not been 
made. Any Expert so appointed shall act as an expert and not as an 
arbitrator and all fees, costs and expenses of the Expert and of any

--- Page 316 ---
295 
 
Indexation Adviser and of any of the Issuer and the Note Trustee in 
connection with such appointment shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(C) 
The Index shall be adjusted or replaced by a substitute index as agreed 
by the Issuer and the Note Trustee (acting solely on the advice of the 
Indexation Adviser) or as determined by the Expert pursuant to the 
foregoing paragraphs, as the case may be, and references in these 
Conditions to the Index and to any Index Figure shall be deemed 
amended in such manner as the Note Trustee and the Issuer agree are 
appropriate to give effect to such adjustment or replacement. Such 
amendments shall be effective from the date of such notification and 
binding upon the Issuer, the other Issuer Secured Creditors, the Note 
Trustee and the Noteholders, and the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of such 
amendments as promptly as practicable following such notification. 
(b) 
Indexation of HICP Indexed Notes 
This Condition 7(b) is applicable only if the relevant Final Terms specifies (i) that the 
Notes are Indexed Notes and (ii) that the applicable Index is HICP (such Notes, the "HICP 
Indexed Notes" and, together with the RPI Indexed Notes, "Indexed Notes"). 
(i) 
Definitions 
"Base Index Figure" means the Base Index Figure specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Index" or "Index Level" means, subject as provided in Condition 7(b)(iii), the Non-revised Index 
of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco or relevant Successor Index (as defined in Condition 
7(b)(iii)(C)), measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco, 
expressed as an index and published by Eurostat (the "HICP"). The first publication or 
announcement of a level of such index for a calculation month (as defined in Condition 7(b)(iii)(B)) 
shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such calculation month will not be 
used in any calculations. Any reference in these Conditions to the "Index Level applicable" to 
any day ("d") in any month ("m") shall, subject as provided in Condition 7(b)(iii), be calculated as 
follows: 
I d = HICP m-3 + 
m
q
nbd
 x (HICP m-2 – HICP m-3) 
where: 
"I d" is the Index Level for the day d; 
"HICP m-2" is the level of HICP for month m-2; 
"HICP m-3" is the level of HICP for month m-3;

--- Page 317 ---
296 
 
"nbd" is the actual number of days from and excluding the first day of month m to but including 
day d; and 
"q m" is the actual number of days in month m; 
"Index Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
"Index Determination Date" means, in respect of any date for which the Index Level is required 
to be determined, the fifth Index Business Day prior to such date; 
"Index Ratio" applicable to any date means the Index Level applicable to the relevant Index 
Determination Date divided by the Base Index Figure and rounded to the nearest fifth decimal 
place (0.000005 being rounded upwards); and 
"Related Instrument" means an inflation-linked note selected by the Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable) that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
with a maturity date which falls on (A) the same day as the Maturity Date, (B) the next longest 
maturity date after the Maturity Date if there is no such note maturing on the Maturity Date, or (C) 
the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no note defined in (A) or (B) is selected by 
the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable). The Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, 
if applicable) will select the Related Instrument from such of those inflation linked notes issued on 
or before the relevant Issue Date and, if there is more than one such inflation-linked note maturing 
on the same date, the Related Instrument shall be selected by the Agent Bank (or the Calculation 
Agent, if applicable) from such of those inflation linked notes. If the Related Instrument is 
redeemed the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) will select a new Related 
Instrument on the same basis, but selected from all eligible notes in issue at the time the originally 
selected Related Instrument is redeemed (including any note for which the redeemed originally 
selected Related Instrument is exchanged). 
(ii) 
Application of the Index Ratio 
Each payment of interest and principal in respect of the HICP Indexed Notes shall be the amount 
provided in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions, multiplied by the Index Ratio 
applicable to the date on which such payment falls to be made and rounded in accordance with 
Condition 6(g) (Rounding). 
(iii) 
Changes in Circumstances Affecting the Index 
(A) 
Rebasing of the Index: If the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for the 
purposes of determining the Index Level applicable to any date falling on 
or after the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Agent 
Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) shall make such 
adjustments as are made by the calculation agent (or any other party 
performing the function of a calculation agent (whatever such party's title))

--- Page 318 ---
297 
 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Instrument to the 
levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the 
same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased. Any such 
rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made. 
(B) 
Delay in publication of Index: 
(I) 
If the Index Level relating to any month (the "calculation 
month") which is required to be taken into account for the 
purposes of the determination of the Index Level applicable to 
any date (the "Relevant Level") has not been published or 
announced by the day that is five Business Days before the date 
on which the relevant payment is due (the "Affected Payment 
Date"), the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) 
shall determine a substitute Index Level (the "Substitute Index 
Level"), to be used in place of the Relevant Level for the relevant 
calculation month, by using the following methodology: 
(1) 
if applicable, the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) will take the same action to determine the Substitute 
Index Level for the Affected Payment Date as that taken by the 
calculation agent (or any other party performing the function of a 
calculation agent (whatever such party's title)) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Instrument; 
(2) 
if (1) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for the 
Affected Payment Date for any reason, then the Agent Bank (or 
the Calculation Agent, if applicable) shall determine the 
Substitute Index Level as follows: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level) 
where:  
"Base Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any flash estimates) published or 
announced by Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) in respect of the 
month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Index (excluding any flash estimates) published or 
announced by Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) prior to the month 
for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined; and  
"Reference Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any flash estimates) published or 
announced by Eurostat (or any successor entity which publishes such index) in respect of the 
month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of which the Latest Level was 
published or announced.

--- Page 319 ---
298 
 
(II) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or 
after the day that is five Business Days prior to the Affected 
Payment Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any 
calculations to be made pursuant to this Condition 7(b), and the 
Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this Condition 
7(b)(iii)(A) will be the definitive Index Level for the relevant 
calculation month. 
(C) 
Cessation of publication:  
(I) 
If the Index Level has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months or Eurostat announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index then the Agent Bank 
(or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) shall determine a 
successor index (the "Successor Index") in lieu of any 
previously applicable Index by using the following methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an Early Termination Event (as 
defined below) has occurred pursuant to Condition 7(b)(iii)(C)(II) 
below) a successor index has been designated by the 
calculation agent (or any other party performing the function of a 
calculation agent (whatever such party's title)) pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of the Related Instrument, such successor 
index shall be the Successor Index for the purposes of all 
subsequent payments of interest and/or principal in respect of 
the Notes, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may 
previously have been determined under paragraphs (2), (3) or 
(4) below; or 
(2) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph 
(1) above (and no Early Termination Event has occurred 
pursuant to Condition 7(b)(iii)(C)(II) below), and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by Eurostat (or 
any successor entity which publishes the Index) specifying that 
the Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified 
by Eurostat (or any such successor), and the Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable) determines that such 
replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the previously applicable Index, such replacement 
index shall be the Successor Index from the date that such 
replacement index comes into effect; or 
(3) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraphs 
(1) or (2) above (and no Early Termination Event has occurred 
pursuant to Condition 7(b)(iii)(C)(II) below), the Agent Bank (or 
the Calculation Agent, if applicable) shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the

--- Page 320 ---
299 
 
Index should be. If between four and five responses are 
received, and of those four or five responses, three or more 
leading independent dealers state the same index, this index will 
be deemed the Successor Index. If three responses are 
received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the 
same index, this index will be deemed the Successor Index. If 
fewer than three responses are received, the Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable) will proceed to paragraph (4) 
below;  
(4) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs 
(1), (2) or (3) above on or before the fifth Index Business Day 
prior to the next Affected Payment Date the Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable) will determine an appropriate 
alternative index for such Affected Payment Date, and such 
index will be the Successor Index. 
(II) 
If the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) 
determines that there is no appropriate alternative index as 
referred to in Condition 7(b)(iii)(C)(I)(4), the Issuer and the Note 
Trustee shall, in conjunction with the Agent Bank (or the 
Calculation Agent, if applicable), determine an appropriate 
alternative index and, if the Issuer and the Note Trustee, in 
conjunction with the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable), do not reach agreement on an appropriate 
alternative index within a period of ten Business Days, then an 
"Early Termination Event" will be deemed to have occurred and 
the Issuer will redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 
8(d). 
(A) 
Material Modification Prior to Note Payment Date: If, on 
or prior to the day that is five Business Days before a 
Note Payment Date, Eurostat announces that it will 
make a material change to the Index then the Agent 
Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if applicable) shall make 
any such adjustments to the Index consistent with 
adjustments made to the Related Instrument. 
(B) 
Manifest Error in Publication: If, within thirty days of 
publication, the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) determines that Eurostat (or any successor 
entity which publishes the Index) has corrected the level 
of the Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable) will notify the Issuer and the Note Trustee of 
(1) that correction, (2) the amount that is payable as a 
result of that correction and (3) take such other action

--- Page 321 ---
300 
 
as it may deem necessary to give effect to such 
correction. 
Any amendments to the Index made pursuant to this Condition 7(b)(iii) shall be binding 
on the Issuer Secured Creditors, the Note Trustee, the Noteholders and the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of such 
amendments as promptly as practicable following their determination 
8. 
Redemption, Purchase and Cancellation 
(a) 
Scheduled Partial and Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
will be redeemed at its Principal Amount Outstanding (in the case of Indexed Notes as 
adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio) or Condition 
7(b)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio), as applicable) on the date or dates (or, in the case 
of Floating Rate Notes, on the Note Payment Date(s)) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms plus accrued but unpaid interest (other than in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) 
and, in the case of Indexed Notes, as adjusted in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) 
(Application of the Index Ratio or Condition 7(b)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio), as 
applicable).  
(b) 
Optional Redemption 
Subject as provided below and if an Issuer Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Note Trustee 
and all of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Issuer may 
(prior to the Maturity Date) redeem any Sub-Class of the Notes in whole or in part (but on 
a pro rata and pari passu basis only) on any Optional Redemption Date at their 
Redemption Amount (provided that Floating Rate Notes may not be redeemed before the 
date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms) as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of Fixed Rate Notes:  
(A) 
if Swap Mid Curve Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Redemption Amount the Redemption Amount will be an amount equal to 
the higher of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes or the 
relevant portion thereof to be redeemed and (ii) an amount calculated 
with reference to the remaining Duration of the Notes by multiplying the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such Notes by that price (expressed as 
a percentage) (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Note Trustee 
by the Financial Adviser (and rounded to three decimal places (0.0005 
being rounded upwards)) at which the Gross Redemption Yield on the 
Notes on the Relevant Date (as defined below) is equal to the 
Redemption Rate (as defined below), plus, in either case, accrued but 
unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Notes to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption, provided that, in any case where 
Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up) applies, from and including the

--- Page 322 ---
301 
 
date which is two years prior to the Maturity Date, the Redemption 
Amount shall be equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes 
or the relevant portion thereof to be redeemed plus accrued but unpaid 
interest on such amount to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(b)(i)(A): 
 
"Duration" means, in relation to the relevant Notes, the remaining period 
(expressed in years) between the date of redemption for such Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(i)(A) and the Maturity Date, or in any case 
where Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up) applies, the Note Step-Up 
Date, in each case determined by reference to the remaining days in 
such period divided by 365 (rounded to three decimal places); 
 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means a yield calculated on the basis 
indicated by the Joint Index and Classification Committee of the Institute 
and Faculty of Actuaries, as reported in the Journal of the Institute of 
Actuaries, Volume 105, Part 1, 1978, page 18 or such other basis as the 
Note Trustee may approve; 
 
"Interpolated Rate" is the rate that will be determined by the Mid-Swap 
Financial Adviser to be used as the Relevant Mid-Swap Rate: 
(1) 
by way of reference to the mid-swap rate on the Mid-Swaps 
Screen Page for the tenor that exactly matches the Duration of 
the Notes (the "Exact Quotation"); or 
(2) 
if the Interpolated Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above, by way of reference to: 
(A) 
the mid-swap rate on the Mid-Swaps Screen Page for 
the tenor most closely matched to the Duration of the 
Notes which is shorter than such Duration or, in the case 
where Notes have a Duration of less than 1 year, zero 
(such shorter tenor (expressed in years) referred to as 
the "Lower Duration" (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, shall be zero where the Duration in relation to the 
Notes is less than 1 year)) (the "Lower Quotation"); and 
(B) 
the mid-swap rate on the Mid-Swaps Screen Page for 
the tenor most closely matched to the remaining 
Duration of the Notes which is longer than such Duration 
(such longer tenor (expressed in years) referred to as 
the "Higher Duration") (the "Higher Quotation"). 
 
The Mid-Swap Financial Adviser will then calculate the 
Interpolated Rate by:

--- Page 323 ---
302 
 
(i) 
subtracting the Lower Quotation in sub-
paragraph (A) above from the Higher Quotation 
in sub-paragraph (B) above and multiplying the 
result of that subtraction by the Maturity Weight; 
and 
(ii) 
adding the result of (i) to the Lower Quotation; 
"Maturity Weight" means the amount, expressed as a percentage (and 
rounded to three decimal places), calculated as: 
(i) 
the Duration minus the Lower Duration, divided by 
(ii) 
the Higher Duration, minus the Lower Duration; 
"Mid-Swap Financial Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute, or other independent financial adviser 
experienced in the international debt capital markets, nominated by the 
Issuer and approved by the Note Trustee which has been appointed at 
the Issuer's cost; provided that none of the Agents nor the Note Trustee 
shall be obliged to perform such role; 
"Mid-Swaps Screen Page" means: 
(i) 
the page on which rates for sterling mid-swap rates (specifically 
being the mid-rate for a pound sterling fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap where the floating leg pays overnight SONIA 
compounded in arrears for twelve months annually and the fixed 
leg pays a fixed rate annually) appear, as published by ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (or any successor) ("ICE") on 
the Relevant Date and displayed as at 2.00 p.m. (London time) 
on such Relevant Date on such Bloomberg or Reuters page or 
the web-site maintained by ICE or, as the case may be, such 
other information service that may replace Bloomberg or 
Reuters, in each case as may be nominated by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited; or 
(ii) 
where the published sterling mid-swap rates for the Exact 
Quotation, failing which, Lower Quotation (except where the 
Duration is less than 12 months) and/or Higher Quotation are not 
available for the Relevant Date in accordance with paragraph (i) 
above, the sterling mid-swap rates of TP ICAP (specifically being 
the mid-rate for a pound sterling fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap where the floating leg pays overnight SONIA compounded 
in arrears for twelve months annually and the fixed leg pays a 
fixed rate annually), as published on the Bloomberg <ICAB> 
page as at 2.00 p.m. (London time) on the Relevant Date; or

--- Page 324 ---
303 
 
(iii) 
in the event neither (i) nor (ii) is available, any alternative or 
successor provider for the publication of such rate as is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
as determined by the Mid-Swap Financial Adviser; 
"Redemption Rate" means the aggregate of the Relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and (where specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Redemption 
Margin; 
"Relevant Date" means the date which is two Business Days prior to the 
publication or dispatch of the notice of redemption under this Condition 
8(b); and 
"Relevant Mid-Swap Rate" shall be the Interpolated Rate (converted to 
a semi-annual rate in accordance with market convention), as 
determined by the Mid-Swap Financial Adviser or, if a Mid-Swap 
Replacement Event (as defined in Condition 8(b)(i)(E) below) has 
occurred and is continuing at such time on the Relevant Date, the 
replacement rate determined in accordance with Condition 8(b)(i)(E) 
below, which replacement rate shall be converted (if applicable) to a 
semi-annual rate by the Mid-Swap Financial Adviser in accordance with 
market convention. 
(B)  
If Spens Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount will be an amount equal 
to the higher of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes 
or the relevant portion thereof to be redeemed and (ii) an amount 
calculated by multiplying the Principal Amount Outstanding of such 
Notes by that price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Note 
Trustee by a Financial Adviser) (and rounded to three decimal places 
(0.0005 being rounded upwards)) at which the Spens Gross Redemption 
Yield on the Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Spens Gross 
Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) 
at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin, all 
as determined by a Financial Adviser.  
(C) 
If Make-Whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount will be an amount 
calculated by the Agent Bank (or Calculation Agent, if applicable) equal 
to the higher of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes or the 
relevant portion thereof to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present 
values of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes to be 
redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of 
redemption on an annual basis at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the 
Redemption Margin.

--- Page 325 ---
304 
 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b)(i)(A), Condition 8(b)(i)(B) and Condition 8(b)(i)(C):  
"Financial Adviser" means any financial adviser appointed by the Issuer; 
"FA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities selected by a Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes 
and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if 
the Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the 
arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for 
such date of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the relevant Final Terms on 
the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;  
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the basis 
of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note is 
to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8(b); and  
"Spens Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield 
on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by a Financial Adviser on the basis 
set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating 
Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date"

--- Page 326 ---
305 
 
(published 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further 
amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an 
annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis as 
the Issuer may determine (acting solely on the advice of a Financial Adviser). 
(D) 
If Fixed Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount will be the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes (plus any premium for early 
redemption specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(E) 
If Swap Mid-Curve Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Redemption Amount and a Mid-Swap Replacement Event has occurred 
and is continuing at any time when the Redemption Amount falls to be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 8(b)(i)(A), this Condition 
8(b)(i)(E) shall apply. 
 
Terms defined in Condition 8(b)(i)(A) shall have the same meanings 
when used in this Condition 8(b)(i)(E). 
 
(1) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate for purposes of 
determining the Redemption Rate. 
 
(2) 
Redemption Rate Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that a Redemption Rate Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the Interpolated Rate, the Relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and/or the Redemption Rate (as applicable) and 
determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Redemption Rate Adjustment Spread, then 
such Redemption Rate Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate, the Interpolated Rate, the Relevant Mid-Swap Rate and/or 
the Redemption Rate (as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is 
unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology 
for 
determining, 
such 
Redemption 
Rate 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, Interpolated Rate, Relevant Mid-

--- Page 327 ---
306 
 
Swap Rate and/or Redemption Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without a Redemption Rate Adjustment Spread. 
 
(3) 
Mid-Swap Amendments 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Redemption Rate Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, 
and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) acting 
in good faith determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate, Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and/or Redemption 
Rate Adjustment Spread (such amendments being "Mid-Swap 
Amendments", which for the avoidance of doubt shall not be 
treated as being within the scope of the Basic Terms 
Modifications), and (ii) the terms of the Mid-Swap Amendments 
(including, but not limited to, the definitions of "Interpolated 
Rate", "Redemption Rate", "Mid-Swaps Screen Page", "Gross 
Redemption Yield", "Relevant Date" and/or the "Relevant Mid-
Swap Rate") applicable to the Notes, and the method for 
determining the Redemption Amount in relation to the Notes, in 
order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable), 
then the Issuer shall, subject to the provisions of the paragraph 
below and to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 
8(b)(i)(E)(4), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, to give effect to such 
Mid-Swap Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
Subject to the other provisions of this Condition 8(b)(i)(E) and 
the receipt by the Note Trustee of a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer (i) confirming that a Mid-Swap 
Replacement Event has occurred, and (ii) certifying that the Mid-
Swap Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be, the Note Trustee shall (at the 
expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with the 
Issuer in effecting any Mid-Swap Amendments (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the 
Trust Deed and these Conditions), provided that neither the Note 
Trustee nor the Agents shall be obliged so to concur if in the 
opinion of the Note Trustee or the Agents doing so would impose 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional

--- Page 328 ---
307 
 
duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the Note Trustee or the Agents 
in these Conditions, the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) or the Agency Agreement 
in any way. For the avoidance of doubt, any Mid-Swap 
Amendments which would impose more onerous obligations 
upon an Agent or expose it to any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective 
provisions afforded to the Agency Agreement shall require such 
Agent's written consent. 
 
(4) 
Notices 
The Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable), give notice thereof to the Note Trustee, the Agents 
and the Noteholders, which shall specify the effective date(s) for 
such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
(as applicable) and any consequential Mid-Swap Amendments. 
 
(5) 
Fallbacks 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the 
Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, as well as the appropriate 
Redemption Rate Adjustment Spread (if applicable). 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(b)(i)(E): 
"Alternative Mid-Swap Rate" means the rate that the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines has replaced the 
Relevant Mid-Swap Rate (or any relevant components thereof) in 
customary market usage in the derivatives markets, or, if the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the Relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate (or any relevant components thereof); 
"Independent Adviser" means, for the purpose of this Condition 
8(b)(i)(E), an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt 
capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant

--- Page 329 ---
308 
 
to this Condition 8(b)(i)(E), shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Agent Bank (or the Calculation Agent if 
applicable), the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 8(b)(i)(E); 
"Mid-Swap Replacement Event" means: 
(a) 
the relevant rates used to derive the Relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
do not appear on the Mid-Swaps Screen Page or cease to exist 
or if such rates have ceased to be published on the Mid-Swaps 
Screen Page as a result of such rates (or any component 
thereof) ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the relevant rates used to derive the Relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate (including any components thereof) that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing such rates 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such rates) and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the date specified in (b)(i) above; or 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the relevant rates used to derive the Relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate (including any components thereof) that such 
rates have been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the relevant rates used to derive the 
Relevant Mid-Swap Rate (including any components thereof) 
that such rates will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (d)(i) above; 
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the relevant rates used to derive the 
Relevant Mid-Swap Rate (including any components thereof) 
that means such rates will be prohibited from being used or that 
their use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
in each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (e)(i) above; 
(f) 
it has or will prior to the date specified for redemption become 
unlawful (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 and/or Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018,

--- Page 330 ---
309 
 
if applicable) for any Paying Agent, the Agent Bank, the 
Calculation Agent, the Note Trustee, the Mid-Swap Financial 
Adviser, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the 
relevant rates used to derive the Relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
(including any components thereof); or 
(g) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the relevant rates used to derive the 
Relevant Mid-Swap Rate (including any components thereof) 
that in the view of such supervisor, such rates are or will on or 
before a specified date, be no longer representative of an 
underlying market and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (g)(i) above. 
"Redemption Rate Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may 
be positive or negative or zero) or formula or methodology for calculating 
a spread, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (in 
each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate, 
the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the Interpolated Rate, the Relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and/or the Mid-Swap Redemption Rate (as applicable) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Relevant Mid-Swap Rate (or any component thereof) with the Successor 
Swap Rate or the Alternative Swap Rate (as applicable) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally 
recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate (or the relevant component thereof) with the Successor 
Mid-Swap Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate for which no such 
recommendation or option has been made (or made available) 
or in the case of an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (in each case acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is 
recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market 
usage in derivatives transactions which reference the Relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate (or any relevant component thereof), where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate 
or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such determination regarding customary market usage is 
made, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable)

--- Page 331 ---
310 
 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank, 
reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the 
currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Successor Mid-Swap Rate" means the rate that the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is a successor to 
or replacement of the Relevant Mid-Swap Rate (or any components 
thereof) which is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
If a Swap Mid-Curve Amount, Spens Amount, Make-Whole Amount or Fixed Amount is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the Redemption Amount, the Redemption Amount will also include 
accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, provided that, in any case where Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate 
Step-Up) applies, from and including the date which is two years prior to the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes or the relevant portion thereof to be redeemed plus 
accrued but unpaid interest on such amount to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(ii) 
in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the Redemption Amount will be the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes (plus any premium for early 
redemption specified in the relevant Final Terms) plus any accrued but unpaid 
interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption; 
(iii) 
in respect of Indexed Notes, the Redemption Amount will be the amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(b)(i) or Condition 8(b)(ii), as the case 
may be, multiplied by the Index Ratio or (in the case of Limited Indexed Notes)

--- Page 332 ---
311 
 
the Limited Index Ratio applicable to the month in which such payment falls to be 
made and rounded in accordance with Condition 6(g) (Rounding); and 
(iv) 
in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, the Redemption Amount will be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) and the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption, 
and where such calculation is to be made for a period which is less than a full year, such 
calculation shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms for 
the purposes of this Condition 8(b)(iv) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30/360, 
plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Notes to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In this Condition 8(b)(iv), "Accrual Yield" and "Reference Price" have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Final Terms. 
In any such case: 
(I) 
prior to giving any notice of redemption under this Condition 8(b), the Issuer shall 
provide to the Note Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer that 
it will have the funds, not subject to any interest (other than under the Issuer 
Security) of any other person, required to redeem the Notes as aforesaid and to 
pay any other amounts ranking in priority to such Notes on the relevant 
redemption date; and 
(II) 
where Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up) applies, any date of redemption 
falling on or after the Note Step-Up Date shall be required to be a Note Payment 
Date. 
(c) 
Optional Redemption as Result of Ratings Event 
Following the satisfaction of all conditions precedent in respect of a Ratings Event, the 
Issuer may seek to exercise its option to redeem the Notes by notifying the holders of 
each Sub-Class of Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of the occurrence of 
such Ratings Event and its intention to redeem the Notes if a Noteholders' Affirmation (as 
defined below) is passed. The Issuer shall also convene a meeting of each such Sub-
Class to take place at least 21 days following such notification. If at such meeting 75% or 
more by Principal Amount Outstanding of the Noteholders of the relevant Sub-Class of 
Notes vote in favour of such redemption on a specified date (a "Noteholders' 
Affirmation"), then the Issuer shall redeem such Sub-Class of Notes in whole (but not in 
part) on the Optional Redemption Date (provided that Floating Rate Notes may not be 
redeemed before the date (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms). If at such

--- Page 333 ---
312 
 
meeting, less than 75% of the Noteholders of the relevant Sub-Class vote in favour of 
such redemption, then the Issuer shall not redeem any of the Notes of such Sub-Class. 
Any redemption under this Condition 8(c) will be made (I) if the Notes are not Fixed Rate 
Notes, at the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 8(b)(ii), (iii) 
or (iv) or (II) if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, at a Redemption Amount equal to the 
higher of (i) their Principal Amount Outstanding and (ii) an amount calculated by 
multiplying the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Notes by that price (expressed as 
a percentage) (as reported in writing to the Issuer and the Note Trustee by a financial 
adviser selected by the Issuer) (and rounded to three decimal places (0.0005 being 
rounded upwards)) at which the Gross Redemption Yield (as defined below) on such 
Notes on the Reference Date (as defined below) is equal to the sum of (a) Gross 
Redemption Yield at 3:00 p.m. (London time) on the Reference Date on the Reference 
Gilt (as defined below) and (b) the Issue Spread for the relevant Notes (as per the relevant 
Final Terms), in each case plus accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Before giving any notification under this Condition 8(c), the Issuer shall provide to the 
Note Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer (a) stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption under this Condition 8(c) and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
been satisfied and (b) confirming that the Issuer will have the funds, not subject to any 
interest (other than under the Issuer Security) of any other person, required to redeem 
the Notes as aforesaid and to pay any other amounts ranking in priority to such Notes on 
the relevant redemption date.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8(c): the "Issue Spread" shall be the spread on the 
relevant Class of Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; "Gross Redemption 
Yield" means a yield calculated on the basis indicated by the Joint Index and 
Classification Committee of the Institute of Actuaries, as reported in the Journal of the 
Institute of Actuaries, Volume 105, Part 1, 1978, page 18 or such other basis as the Issuer 
may select (acting solely on the advice of a Financial Adviser); "Reference Date" means 
the date which is two Business Days prior to the dispatch of the notice of redemption 
under this Condition 8(c); and "Reference Gilt" means the Treasury Stock specified in 
the relevant Final Terms while that stock is in issue, and thereafter such UK government 
stock as the Issuer may, with the advice of three persons operating in the gilt-edged 
market (selected by the Issuer), determine to be appropriate. 
(d) 
Optional Redemption for Index Event or Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Optional Redemption for Index Events:  
(A) 
RPI Indexed Notes: In the case of RPI Indexed Notes, upon the 
occurrence of any Index Event (as defined below), the Issuer may, upon 
giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Note Trustee 
and the holders of the Indexed Notes in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the Indexed Notes of all Sub-
Classes on the Optional Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount,

--- Page 334 ---
313 
 
together with accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Notes up to (but excluding) the date on which such 
redemption occurs (such interest subject, in the case of Index Linked 
Interest Notes, to adjustment in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) or 
Condition 7(b)(ii), as applicable).  
For the purposes of this Condition 8(d)(i)(A), "Index Event" means (i) if the Index Figure for three 
consecutive months is to be determined on the basis of an Index Figure previously published as 
provided in Condition 7(a)(iii)(B) (Delay in publication of Index if sub-paragraph (A) of the definition 
of Index Figure is applicable) or Condition 7(c)(iii), as applicable, and the Issuer has been notified 
by the Principal Paying Agent that publication of the Index has ceased or (ii) notice is published 
by Her Majesty's Treasury, or on its behalf, following a change in relation to the Index, offering a 
right of redemption to the holders of the Reference Gilt (as defined in Condition 7(a)(i) (Definitions) 
above), and (in either case) no amendment or substitution of the Index has been advised by the 
Indexation Adviser to the Issuer and such circumstances are continuing. 
(B) 
HCIP Indexed Notes: In the case of HICP Indexed Notes, upon the 
occurrence of an Early Termination Event pursuant to Condition 
7(b)(iii)(C)(II), the Issuer will, upon giving not more than 60 nor less than 
30 days' notice to the Note Trustee and the holders of the Indexed Notes 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the Indexed Notes of all Sub-Classes on any day at the Redemption 
Amount together with accrued but unpaid interest on the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of such Notes up to (but excluding) the date on 
which such redemption occurs (such interest subject, in the case of Index 
Linked Interest Notes, to adjustment in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) 
or Condition 7(b)(ii), as applicable). 
Before giving any notice of redemption under this Condition 8(d)(i), the Issuer shall provide to the 
Note Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer (a) stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption under this Condition 8(d)(i) and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have been satisfied 
and (b) confirming that the Issuer will have the funds, not subject to any interest (other than under 
the Issuer Security) of any other person, required to redeem the Notes as aforesaid and to pay 
any other amounts ranking in priority to such Notes on the relevant redemption date. 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption for Taxation Reasons: If the Issuer would, on the next Note 
Payment Date, be obliged to deduct or withhold from any payment of interest or 
principal in respect of the Notes (other than in respect of default interest), any 
amount for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the United Kingdom or any political subdivision thereof, or any other 
authority thereof by reason of any change in tax law (or the application or official 
interpretation thereof) or (b) FinCo would, on or about the next interest payment 
date under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, be obliged to increase any sum 
payable by it to the Issuer under the Intercompany Loan Agreement as a result 
of FinCo being required to deduct or withhold any amount for or on account of 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of

--- Page 335 ---
314 
 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the United 
Kingdom or any political subdivision thereof, or any other authority thereof by 
reason of any change in tax law (or the application or official interpretation thereof) 
from that payment, then the Issuer may, upon giving not more than 60 days nor 
less than 30 days' notice to the Note Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued 
but unpaid interest thereon to (but excluding) the date of redemption (adjusted, 
in the case of Indexed Notes, in accordance with Condition 7(a)(ii) (Application 
of the Index Ratio) or Condition 7(b)(ii) (Application of the Index Ratio), as 
applicable) without premium or penalty. Before giving any notice of redemption 
under this Condition 8(d)(ii), the Issuer shall provide to the Note Trustee a 
certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer (a) stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption under this Condition 8(d)(ii) and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have been satisfied and (b) confirming that the Issuer will have the 
funds, not subject to any interest (other than under the Issuer Security) of any 
other person, required to redeem the Notes as aforesaid and to pay any other 
amounts ranking in priority to such Notes on the relevant redemption date. 
(e) 
Mandatory Redemption on Prepayment or Acceleration under the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed 
If the Issuer receives (or is to receive) any monies (a) pursuant to the Security Group 
Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) Priority of Payments or the Security Group 
Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments, (b) pursuant to the exercise 
of the P1 ICL Call Option (as defined in the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed) or (c) 
other than in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Optional Redemption), 8(c) (Optional 
Redemption as Result of Ratings Event) or 8(d) (Optional Redemption for Index Event or 
Taxation Reasons) above, in Prepayment of all or any ICL Loan under the Intercompany 
Loan Agreement, the Issuer shall, upon giving not more than 30 nor less than 10 days' 
notice to the Note Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), 
redeem all of the Notes of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes on their next respective Note 
Payment Dates at their Principal Amount Outstanding plus accrued but unpaid interest to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption or (where part only of such ICL Loan has been 
Prepaid) the proportion of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes which the prepayment amount 
bears to the amount of the relevant ICL Loan. Before giving any notice of redemption 
under this Condition 8(e), the Issuer shall provide to the Note Trustee a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is required to effect such redemption 
under this Condition 8(e) and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the obligation of the Issuer so to redeem have been satisfied. 
(f) 
Purchase of Notes (other than Class R Notes) by the Issuer 
The Issuer may not at any time purchase any of the Notes (other than Class R Notes in 
accordance with Condition 8(h) (Issue, repurchases and resales of Class R Notes by 
Issuer)).

--- Page 336 ---
315 
 
(g) 
Purchase of Notes by FinCo and other Obligors 
FinCo and any of the other Obligors (provided that such Obligor is ordinarily resident in 
the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax purposes) may at any time purchase Notes 
of any Class in accordance with applicable law and the provisions of the Common Terms 
Agreement. Any Notes purchased by FinCo may, at the option of FinCo, be surrendered 
to the Issuer. Upon surrender of any such Note (other than a Class R Note), the Note will 
be cancelled. 
If not all the Registered Notes are to be purchased, upon surrender of the existing 
Individual Note Certificate, the Registrar shall forthwith upon the written request of the 
Noteholder concerned issue a new Individual Note Certificate in respect of the Notes 
which are not to be purchased and despatch such Individual Note Certificate to the 
Noteholder (at the risk of the Noteholder and to such address as the Noteholder may 
specify in such request). 
(h) 
Issue, repurchases and resales of Class R Notes by Issuer 
(i) 
The Issuer may enter into a Class R Underwriting Agreement (as defined below) 
and issue Class R1 Notes and Class R2 Notes, in which case it may use the 
proceeds from the issue of the Class R Notes immediately to repurchase (but not 
cancel) such Class R Notes. The Issuer may only issue Class R Notes if it enters 
into a Class R Underwriting Agreement and if the aggregate nominal amount of 
Class R1 Notes issued is equal to the aggregate nominal amount of Class R2 
Notes issued. 
(ii) 
The Issuer will (save to the extent that Condition 8(h)(iii) applies and save where 
an Issuer Event of Default or a Potential Issuer Event of Default is outstanding) 
on any Note Payment Date falling on or prior to the Note Payment Date falling on 
or before the last day of the period agreed as being the period throughout which 
the underwriters will be bound to repurchase from the Issuer any Class R Notes 
(the "Underwriting Period") repurchase all Class R Notes outstanding on each 
Note Payment Date at a price which is equal to their Principal Amount 
Outstanding, plus accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of 
repurchase. The Issuer may at its option cancel, hold or resell all or any of the 
Class R Notes so purchased (or purchased by FinCo and surrendered to the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 8(g) (Purchase of Notes by FinCo and other 
Obligors) above) provided that it shall not on any Note Payment Date resell, or 
procure the resale of, more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Class R Notes or cancel Class R Notes such that the 
aggregate nominal amount of Class R1 Notes then outstanding and the 
aggregate nominal amount of Class R2 Notes then outstanding is unequal. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(h)(ii), the Issuer shall not, during 
the Underwriting Period, be obliged to repurchase from holders any Class R 
Notes in respect of which it holds insufficient funds to effect such repurchase in 
accordance with Condition 8(h)(ii), if such insufficiency arises as a result of the 
Class R Underwriters not being obliged to repurchase Class R Notes from the

--- Page 337 ---
316 
 
Issuer to finance such repurchase from holders by the Issuer, or as a result of 
any Class R Underwriter failing to honour its commitment under the Class R 
Underwriting Agreement to purchase Class R Notes from the Issuer. The Class 
R Notes to be repurchased on a Note Payment Date, in respect of which there 
are insufficient funds to effect such repurchase in full, shall be repurchased pro 
rata from the holders of the Class R Notes using such funds as are available for 
such purpose pursuant to the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
(iv) 
If, by virtue of the operation of Condition 8(h)(iii), the Issuer is not obliged to 
repurchase all the Class R Notes on any Note Payment Date, the Issuer shall, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware that it will not be 
repurchasing such Class R Notes by virtue of the operation of Condition 8(h)(iii) 
(and, in any event, by no later than 11.00 a.m. on the Note Payment Date upon 
which it would otherwise have repurchased such Class R Notes), give notice to 
the Class R Noteholders, the Note Trustee, the Rating Agencies and the Principal 
Paying Agent, in accordance with the provisions of Condition 16 (Notices), 
specifying the amount of Class R Notes which will not be repurchased on such 
Note Payment Date. 
(v) 
Any Class R Notes held by or on behalf of the Issuer at the close of business on 
the Note Payment Date falling at the end of the Underwriting Period shall be 
cancelled and any Class R Notes purchased by the Issuer on or after such Note 
Payment Date shall be cancelled immediately upon such repurchase. 
(vi) 
Definition of "Class R Underwriting Agreement" 
A Class R Underwriting Agreement shall mean an underwriting agreement entered into with 
underwriters whose short-term and long-term ratings are at least equal to the Minimum Short 
Term Ratings and the Minimum Long Term Ratings (each as defined in or for the purposes of the 
Common Terms Agreement) from each of the Rating Agencies rating the Class R Notes pursuant 
to which: 
(A) 
such underwriters agree during the Underwriting Period to purchase and 
repurchase from the Issuer on request all or any Class R Notes then in 
issue on (subject to (B) below in the case of certain repurchases) such 
terms as are agreed between them; 
(B) 
the only condition that may apply to the repurchase of Class R Notes by 
the underwriters up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount not 
exceeding that of all Class R Notes then in circulation shall be that no 
Issuer Event of Default or Potential Issuer Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing; and 
(C) 
if (but for any Obligor Event of Default or Potential Obligor Event of 
Default, as defined in the Common Terms Agreement) FinCo would be 
obliged under the Common Terms Agreement to refinance, in whole or 
in part, any ICL Loan (as defined in or for the purposes of the Common 
Terms Agreement) corresponding to any Class R1 Notes under the

--- Page 338 ---
317 
 
Intercompany Loan Agreement (which corresponds to any Class R1 
Notes) with another ICL Loan from the Issuer (which is to be financed by 
the repurchase price payable by the underwriters for Class R2 Notes), 
the underwriters are obliged (subject only to (B) above, and 
notwithstanding any Obligor Event of Default or Potential Obligor Event 
of Default) to repurchase Class R2 Notes from the Issuer in an amount 
sufficient to finance the making of such ICL Loan. 
(vii) 
Maturity of Class R Notes 
Subject to satisfying the Ratings Test, the Class R Notes may mature on a date falling after the 
end of the Underwriting Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
In respect of all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, the Bearer Notes or the Registered Notes 
shall be surrendered to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, for cancellation and, if so surrendered, will be cancelled forthwith 
(together with, in the case of Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(j) 
Subordination of principal 
In the case of principal on any Class of Notes other than the Most Senior Class of Notes, 
if, on any Note Payment Date prior to the delivery of a Note Enforcement Notice under 
Condition 11(a) (Default Events), there are insufficient funds available to the Issuer in 
accordance with the Issuer Payment Priorities to pay such principal due, the Issuer's 
liability to pay such principal will be treated as not having fallen due and will be deferred 
until the earlier of: (i) the next following Note Payment Date on which the Issuer has, in 
accordance with the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments, sufficient funds 
available to pay such deferred amounts (including any interest accrued thereon); and (ii) 
the Note Payment Date following the full and final repayment of all Notes which rank in 
priority to such Notes. Any deferred principal on a Sub-Class of Notes shall be payable 
pro rata and pari passu with deferred principal on all other Sub-Classes of Notes in such 
Class. Interest will accrue on such deferred principal at the rate otherwise payable on 
unpaid principal of such Notes. 
(k) 
Limited right of redemption or repurchase by the Issuer 
If 80% or more in nominal amount of Notes of a Sub-Class of Notes then outstanding 
have been redeemed or repurchased pursuant to this Condition 8, the Issuer may, on not 
less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to Noteholders (given within 30 days after the 
relevant redemption or repurchase date) redeem or repurchase (or procure the purchase 
of), at its option, the remaining Notes of such Sub-Class of Notes in whole but not in part 
at a price equal to the Redemption Amount thereof plus, if appropriate, interest accrued

--- Page 339 ---
318 
 
to but excluding the Note Payment Date on which such redemption, repurchase or 
purchase, as the case may be, occurs. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments to the Noteholders of principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts 
or other amounts payable on redemption) and interest (or, as the case may be, Interest 
Amounts) in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 9(f) (Unmatured Coupons 
and Unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 9(f) (Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States of America by transfer 
to an account denominated in the currency in which such payment is due which is 
maintained by the payee with, or (in the case of Notes in definitive form only) a cheque 
payable in that currency drawn on, a bank in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (or, as the case may be Redemption Amounts or other amounts 
payable on redemption) in respect of any Registered Note shall be made by cheque 
(denominated in the currency in which such payment is due) drawn on, or, upon 
application by a holder (or the first named of joint holders) of such Registered Note to the 
specified office of the Registrar not later than the fifteenth day before the due date for any 
such payment (the "Record Date"), by transfer to an account (denominated in the 
currency in which such payment is due) maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
Relevant Financial Centre upon surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, 
endorsement) of the relevant Individual Note Certificates at the specified office of the 
Registrar. 
Payments of interest (or, as the case may be Interest Amounts) in respect of any 
Registered Note shall be made by cheque (denominated in the currency in which such 
payment is due) drawn on, or, upon application by a holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of such Registered Note to the specified office of the Registrar not later than the 
relevant Record Date, by transfer to an account (denominated in the currency in which 
such payment is due) maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Relevant Financial 
Centre and (in the case of interest payable on redemption) upon surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Individual Note Certificates at 
the specified office of the Registrar. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States of America 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, 
payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in 
New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if:

--- Page 340 ---
319 
 
(i) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States of America with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices outside the United States of 
America is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted by the law of the United States of America, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the 
Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any laws implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(e) 
Appointment of the Agents 
The Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar appointed by 
the Issuer (and their respective specified offices) are listed in the Agency Agreement. The 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Agent, and to appoint additional or other Agents, 
provided that the Issuer will at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes), (ii) a Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), (iii) an Agent Bank or 
Calculation Agent (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes or Indexed Notes) and (iv) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar in any 
particular place, a Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and/or Registrar, as applicable, having 
its specified office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, which, while any Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, 
shall be in Ireland. Notice of any such variation, termination or appointment will be given 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, upon the due date for 
redemption of any Note which is a Bearer Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note, 
unless it has all unmatured Coupons attached), unmatured Coupons relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them.

--- Page 341 ---
320 
 
(ii) 
Upon the date for redemption of any Note, any unmatured Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iii) 
Where any Note, which is a Bearer Note and is a Fixed Rate Note, is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talons 
relating to it, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing unmatured 
Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment and 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(iv) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a Note Payment Date, interest 
accrued from the preceding Note Payment Date or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, or the Interest Amount payable on such date for 
redemption shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if 
appropriate) of the relevant Note and Coupon. 
(g) 
Non-Business Days 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, if any date for payment in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next following business day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to any 
further interest or other payment sum in respect of such delay. In this paragraph, 
"business day" means a day which (subject to Condition 13 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits): 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation, and  
(B) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; and 
(iii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Relevant Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
Relevant Currency or (b) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day.

--- Page 342 ---
321 
 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Note Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further coupon sheet but excluding any 
Coupons which may have become void pursuant to Condition 13 (Prescription)). 
10. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons will be made (whether by the Issuer, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Note Trustee) without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature 
unless the Issuer, any Paying Agent or the Registrar or, where applicable, the Note 
Trustee is required by applicable law to make such a withholding or deduction. In that 
event, the Issuer, such Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Note Trustee, as the case may 
be, shall make such payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and 
shall account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or 
deducted. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Note Trustee will 
be obliged to make any additional payments to the Noteholders or the Couponholders in 
respect of such withholding or deduction. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons for, or on 
account of, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
11. 
Issuer Events of Default 
(a) 
Default Events 
If an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below) occurs and is continuing, then the Note 
Trustee may, at its discretion, at any time (in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed), having certified (in the case of Condition 11(a)(ii)) in writing that in its opinion the 
happening of such event is materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Most 
Senior Class of Notes and shall, upon the Note Trustee being (i) so requested in writing 
by holders of at least one quarter in principal amount of the Most Senior Class of Notes 
then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Condition 
15 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution)) of the holders of the 
Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding and (ii) indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction, give notice (a "Note Enforcement Notice") to the Issuer and the 
Noteholders declaring the Notes to be immediately due and repayable. 
Each of the following will constitute an "Issuer Event of Default" under the Notes:

--- Page 343 ---
322 
 
(i) 
if default is made for a period of six days in the payment of any sum due in respect 
of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding (or any Sub-Class of them) 
(other than the payment of any Note Step-Up Amount); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its obligations (other than payment 
obligations referred to in (i) above) under the Notes (including these Conditions) 
or the Issuer Transaction Documents and, if the Note Trustee considers that such 
default can be remedied, such failure continues for a period of 30 days (or such 
longer period as the Note Trustee may permit) following the service by the Note 
Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (or any analogous proceedings) save for 
the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other 
similar arrangement on terms approved by the Note Trustee or sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then 
outstanding; or 
(iv) 
if (other than as referred to in (v) below) (1) any other proceedings are initiated 
against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar laws and such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith, (2) an administrative receiver 
or other receiver, administrator or other similar official is appointed in relation to 
the Issuer or in relation to, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer, (3) an encumbrancer 
(other than the Note Trustee) takes possession of, in the opinion of the Note 
Trustee, the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the 
Issuer or (4) a distress or execution or other process is levied or enforced upon 
or sued out against, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and in any of the 
foregoing cases (other than in relation to the circumstances described in (2) 
where no grace period shall apply) such order, appointment, possession or 
process (as the case may be) is not discharged or stayed or does not cease to 
apply within 14 days; or 
(v) 
if the Issuer or its directors (or any of them) initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself (except for the purposes of any amalgamation, 
merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement referred to in 
(iii) above) (including, without limitation, the giving of notice of intention to appoint 
an administrator or the filing of an application for administration by the Issuer or 
any of the directors of the Issuer) under any applicable liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, composition, reorganisation, readjustment or other similar laws or 
makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally; or 
(vi) 
if the Issuer becomes unable to pay its debts as they fall due or is adjudicated or 
found bankrupt.

--- Page 344 ---
323 
 
(b) 
Consequences of Notes becoming Due and Payable and Delivery of Note Enforcement 
Notice 
Upon delivery of a Note Enforcement Notice in accordance with Condition 11(a) (Default 
Events) above, all Classes of the Notes then outstanding shall immediately become due 
and repayable at their Principal Amount Outstanding together with accrued interest as 
provided in the Trust Deed and the Issuer Security shall become enforceable by the Note 
Trustee in accordance with the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
(c) 
Confirmation of no Issuer Event of Default 
The Issuer shall provide written confirmation to the Note Trustee, on an annual basis, that 
no Issuer Event of Default has occurred. 
12. 
Enforcement Against Issuer 
No Noteholder is entitled to take any action against the Issuer or any assets of the Issuer 
to enforce its rights in respect of the Notes or to enforce any of the Issuer Security. The 
Note Trustee will act (subject to Condition 4(e) (Enforceable Security)) on the instructions 
of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding and the Note Trustee 
shall not be bound to take any such action unless it is indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction against all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities, claims and demands to which it 
may thereby become liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
Neither the Note Trustee nor the Noteholders may institute against, or join any person in 
instituting against, the Issuer any bankruptcy, winding-up, re-organisation, arrangement, 
insolvency or liquidation proceeding (except for the appointment of a receiver and 
manager pursuant to the terms of the Issuer Deed of Charge and subject to the Trust 
Deed) or other proceeding under any similar law for so long as any Notes are outstanding 
or for two years and a day after the latest Maturity Date on which any Note of any Series 
is due to mature. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes or Coupons (which, for this 
purpose, shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6(j) (Definitions)) in respect thereof. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
If any Note, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws and requirements of Euronext Dublin or any other 
relevant exchange on which Notes are listed (in the case of listed Notes) (and each other 
listing authority, stock exchange and or quotation system upon which the relevant Notes 
have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation), at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such

--- Page 345 ---
324 
 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (in 
addition to a meeting of Noteholders held pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Optional 
Redemption as Result of Ratings Event)) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust 
Deed and any other Issuer Transaction Document (excluding the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement, save insofar as they relate to the 
Issuer) to which the Note Trustee is a party or over which it has security. Any modification 
may (subject to the other terms of this Condition 15(a)) be made if sanctioned by a 
resolution passed at a meeting or meetings of the relevant Noteholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the Trust Deed and these Conditions by a majority of not 
less than 662/3 per cent. of the votes cast (an "Extraordinary Resolution") at such 
meeting or meetings. Such a meeting may be convened by the Note Trustee or the Issuer, 
and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of the relevant 
Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth in nominal amount of the relevant Notes for 
the time being outstanding. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. (or 75 per cent. in the 
case of a meeting of Noteholders convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution in 
relation to a Basic Terms Modification (as defined in the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed) (save as regards any meeting convened by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 8(c) 
(Optional Redemption as Result of Ratings Event)) in respect of the Notes and the other 
Transaction Documents) in principal amount of the relevant Notes for the time being 
outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders, whatever the principal amount of the relevant Notes held or represented (or 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount 
of the relevant Notes for the time being outstanding, in the case of a meeting of 
Noteholders convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution in relation to a Basic Terms 
Modification). Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all of the Noteholders and Couponholders whether present or not. 
In addition, (i) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Noteholders who for the 
time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders under the Trust 
Deed, holding not less than 662/3 per cent. in principal amount of the relevant Notes 
outstanding or (ii) (in the case of Notes in the form of a Global Note or a Global Note 
Certificate) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 662/3 per cent. in principal amount 
of the relevant Notes outstanding, will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution 
and will be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders whether or not they

--- Page 346 ---
325 
 
participated. A resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Note Trustee shall, if requested in writing by Noteholders holding Notes having in 
aggregate a Principal Amount Outstanding of at least 50% of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all the Notes, notify the Issuer of the Noteholders' desire for a 
meeting between the Issuer and the Noteholders to discuss the asset backing for the 
Notes and any issues directly relevant thereto. The Issuer shall, following receipt of such 
a notice from the Note Trustee, give to the Noteholders notice in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices) of a meeting to be held in London for such purpose falling not 
earlier than 30 days and not later than 60 days after receipt by it of the notice from the 
Note Trustee. All Noteholders shall be entitled to attend any such meeting and to raise 
with the Issuer's representatives present at such meeting (who shall include at least one 
director) any questions which relate directly to the asset backing for the Notes. 
In the absence of any Obligor Event of Default or Issuer Event of Default, the Note Trustee 
(and the Noteholders) shall not be entitled to require the Issuer to convene more than 
one such meeting in any period of 12 months. 
A Rating Agency may, on request, attend meetings of Noteholders at which an 
Extraordinary Resolution is to be considered unless the Noteholders at such meeting vote 
to exclude them in accordance with the Trust Deed. Any Rating Agency present at such 
a meeting must leave the meeting when the Noteholders cast their votes on the relevant 
Extraordinary Resolution. A Rating Agency may not attend any other type of Noteholder 
meeting. 
(b) 
Debtholders' Meetings 
Pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Issuer has assigned by way of security its 
interest in respect of the advances to FinCo under the Intercompany Loan Agreement 
and the security therefor to the Note Trustee for the benefit of, inter alios, the Noteholders. 
Accordingly the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed provides that the relevant 
Qualifying Noteholders shall be entitled to instruct the Note Trustee to vote in 
Debtholders' Meetings instead of the Issuer on certain proposals relating to the Obligors 
and the Obligor Secured Creditors. Such proposal, if duly approved in such Debtholders' 
Meetings shall be a "Secured Creditor Instruction". 
Any Noteholder who is a Qualifying Noteholder will vote at a Debtholders' Meeting solely 
by instructing the Note Trustee to vote on its behalf as its Representative (as defined in 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed) in such Debtholders' Meeting. In any 
Debtholders' Meeting, voting shall be determined on a pound-for-pound basis by 
reference to the Principal Amount Outstanding owed to each of the relevant Qualifying 
Debtholders, so that all votes in favour of the proposal and against the proposal from the 
Qualifying Noteholders and the other Qualifying Debtholders (who are not Noteholders) 
are considered on an aggregated basis, irrespective of whether a majority of such 
Qualifying Noteholders are in favour of or against the proposal.

--- Page 347 ---
326 
 
If any Noteholder is a Qualifying Noteholder, then for the purpose of voting in such 
Debtholders' Meeting, the Note Trustee shall convene a meeting of the Qualifying 
Noteholders of any relevant Class or Sub-Class in accordance with the Trust Deed to 
consider the proposed Secured Creditor Instruction and to instruct the Note Trustee how 
to vote on each Qualifying Noteholder's behalf on such proposal. After obtaining the 
instruction of the Qualifying Noteholders who are present at such meeting, the Note 
Trustee shall vote in the Debtholders' Meeting in accordance with such instructions. 
The Obligor Security Trustee shall, pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, 
request the Note Trustee to confirm that the quorum requirement for any meeting of 
Qualifying Noteholders had been satisfied, that is, one or more persons holding or 
representing at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the relevant Notes for the time 
being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting of Qualifying Noteholders, one or more 
persons being or representing Qualifying Noteholders, whatever the principal amount of 
the relevant Notes held or represented. 
Irrespective of the result of voting at a meeting of Noteholders in relation to a proposed 
Secured Creditor Instruction, any Secured Creditor Instruction duly approved at a 
Debtholders' Meeting shall be binding on all of the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(c) 
Modification, consent and waiver 
As more fully set out in the Trust Deed (and subject to the conditions and qualifications 
therein), the Note Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders of any Sub-Class, 
concur with the Issuer and any other relevant parties in making (i) any modification of 
these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Issuer Transaction Document (excluding 
the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement and the Servicing Agreement save 
insofar as they relate to the Issuer) which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is 
made to correct a manifest error or an error in respect of which an English Court could 
reasonably be expected to make a rectification order; (ii) any other modification of and 
the granting of any consent under, or waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Issuer Transaction Document 
or other document (other than a Basic Terms Modification or a change in respect of the 
Financial Covenant) which is, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the holders of the Most Senior Class of Notes then outstanding; and 
(iii) any modification of these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Issuer Transaction 
Documents or other document (other than a Basic Terms Modification or a change in 
respect of the Financial Covenant) if such modification is made for an Accepted 
Restructuring Purpose or pursuant to Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes (as defined 
in or for the purposes of the Common Terms Agreement) and no Ratings Event occurs 
in respect of the proposed modification. Any such modification, consent, waiver or 
authorisation shall be binding on all Noteholders and the holders of all relevant Coupons 
and, in each case, if the Note Trustee so requires, notice thereof shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter. 
No Extraordinary Resolution in respect of a Basic Terms Modification or a change in 
respect of the Financial Covenant shall be binding on the Note Trustee or the Noteholders 
(or any of them) unless the Obligor Security Trustee has confirmed to the Note Trustee

--- Page 348 ---
327 
 
that such modification has also been approved by each of the other providers of finance 
to the Obligors in accordance with the relevant credit facility agreements between FinCo 
(or any other Obligor) and the other providers of such finance. 
The Note Trustee, in exercising its discretion to concur in making any modification, 
granting any consent under or waiver for authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of these Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Issuer Transaction Document (other 
than a Basic Terms Modification or a change in respect of the Financial Covenant), shall 
be entitled to have regard to the Ratings Test (as defined in the Common Terms 
Agreement) and it may consider the Ratings Test to be an appropriate test or the only 
appropriate test to apply in that circumstance in exercising its discretion. 
(d) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
As more fully set forth in the Trust Deed (and subject to the conditions and qualifications 
therein), the Note Trustee may also agree with the Issuer, without reference to the 
Noteholders, to the substitution of another corporation in place of the Issuer as principal 
debtor in respect of the Trust Deed and the Notes of all Series. 
16. 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will be posted to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the date of posting. Other 
notices to Noteholders will be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper having 
general circulation in Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times). The Issuer shall 
also ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner that complies with the rules 
and regulations of Euronext Dublin and any other listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice (other than to 
holders of Registered Notes as specified above) shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers. Couponholders will be deemed for 
all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Bearer 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 16. 
The Note Trustee will also provide a Rating Agency, at its request from time to time, with 
all notices, written information and reports that the Note Trustee sends or makes available 
to all Noteholders of any Class or Sub-Class except to the extent that such notices, 
information or reports contain information confidential to third parties.  
17. 
Miscellaneous 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Trust Deed, the Issuer Deed of Charge (except in respect of certain terms that may 
relate to the creation, subsistence or enforcement of security in assets governed by law 
other than English law), the Notes, the Coupons, the Talons (if any) and the other Issuer

--- Page 349 ---
328 
 
Transaction Documents are, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with such documents shall be, governed by English law. 
(b) 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes or the Trust 
Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 350 ---
329 
 
Chapter 14 
Pro Forma Final Terms 
The Final Terms in respect of each Sub-Class of Notes will be substantially in the following form 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms.  
[NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129, 
AS AMENDED FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW]1   
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “EU 
Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)]/[EU MiFID II]]; and (ii) all channels for 
                                                     
1 Only include this language where unlisted Notes are being issued

--- Page 351 ---
330 
 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [date] 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC 
£7,000,000,000 Multicurrency Programme for the issuance of Notes (the “Programme”) 
Issue of [Sub-Class] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Sub-Class] [Title of Notes] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800ZNMO2OSVLXAK89 
Part A - Contractual Terms 
Defined terms used herein shall bear the same meanings ascribed to them in the Conditions set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus 
dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). [This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.]2  The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com/). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Sub-Class of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under an Offering Circular or Base Prospectus issued prior to the current 
Base Prospectus.] 
                                                     
2  Where the Note is (i) not the subject of a public offer which requires the publication of a prospectus under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and (ii) not listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and not admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin or on any other regulated market in the EEA, all references to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation and final terms for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation, shall be deleted.

--- Page 352 ---
331 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the [Offering Circular/Base Prospectus] dated [2 November 2004]/[18 
September 2006]/[15 July 2016]/[2 August 2017] which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 20 July 2022. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all relevant information]2. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
sub paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
 
(ii) 
Sub-Class Number: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days 
after 
the 
Issue 
Date/exchange 
of 
the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 26 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Relevant Currency or Currencies: 
[  ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[  ] 
(ii) 
Sub-Class: 
[  ] 
5. 
(i) 
Issue Price: 
[  ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
6. 
Yield: 
 
Indication of yield: 
[  ] (Fixed Rate Notes only)

--- Page 353 ---
332 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield 
7. 
Specified Denominations: 
[  ] 
 
3Note – Where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].  No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination 
above 
[€199,000].” 
 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted 
to trading on a European Economic Area 
exchange; and (ii) only offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is not required to be 
published 
under 
the 
EU 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
the 
€100,000 
or 
equivalent 
minimum denomination is not required.) 
 
(in the case of Registered Notes, this means 
the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made). Notes which have a 
maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies), and in any 
case all Notes will have a minimum 
denomination of not less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date (if different from the 
Issue Date): 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will 
not be relevant for certain Notes, for example 
Zero Coupon Notes) 
                                                     
3  Delete if notes being issued are in registered form

--- Page 354 ---
333 
 
9. 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or for Floating Rate Notes - Note 
Payment Date falling in [the relevant month 
and year]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[  ] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[EURIBOR/SONIA] +/- [  ] per cent.  
Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon]  
[Indexed Linked Interest] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
(in 
accordance with Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate 
Step-Up) (see paragraph 17 below)] 
12. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount] 
 
[Indexed Linked Redemption] 
13. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call Option][Not Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[       ] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable subject 
to Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up) (see 
paragraph 17 below)] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Note Payment Date 
(ii) 
Issue Spread: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[  ] in each year][Not Applicable] (insert regular 
Note Payment Dates, ignoring issue date or

--- Page 355 ---
334 
 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon – only relevant where day count 
fraction is Actual/ Actual (ICMA)) 
(iv) 
Note Payment Date(s): 
[  ], [  ], [  ] and [  ] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Date 
Convention 
and 
applicable 
Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted] 
(v) 
First Note Payment Date: 
[  ] 
(vi) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[  ] per [  ] in Nominal Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form)
 
(vii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form)
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual ICMA]  
[Actual/Actual or Actual/Actual - ISDA] 
[Actual/365 or Actual/Actual]  
[Actual/365 fixed] [Actual/360]  
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis]  
[30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(ix) 
Reference Gilt: 
[  ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable subject 
to Condition 6(f) (Interest Rate Step-Up) (see 
paragraph 17 below)] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Note Payment Dates: 
[  ], [  ], [  ] and [  ] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below/ not subject to 
any 
adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention in (iii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable 
(ii) 
First Note Payment Date: 
[      ]

--- Page 356 ---
335 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest, Interest Amount(s) 
and Redemption Amount (if 
not the Agent Bank): 
[   ] 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
– 
Relevant Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
 
[[ ] month [ EURIBOR]] 
– 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
– 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days]  [Not 
Applicable] 
– 
Observation 
Shift 
Period: 
[5 / [     ] [London Banking Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(NB: 
A 
minimum 
of 
5 
relevant 
business/banking days should be specified for 
the Lag Period or Observation Shift Period, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Agent Bank)
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[  ] 
– 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[  ] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
ISDA Definitions  
[2000 ISDA 
Definitions] / [2021 ISDA 
Definitions]

--- Page 357 ---
336 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
[  ] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[  ] 
– 
Reset Date: 
[  ] 
– 
Compounding 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days (must 
be an amount not less than 5)] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (must be an 
amount not less than 5) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
(must be an amount not less than 5) 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
– 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
– 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days (must 
be an amount not less than 5)] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business days (must be an 
amount not less than 5)

--- Page 358 ---
337 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days 
(must be an amount not less than 5) 
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Note Interest Period) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Note Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
note interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][  ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA][Actual/365 
or 
Actual/Actual - ISDA] [Actual/365 fixed] 
[Actual/360] [30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis][30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
(xiii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(xiv) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[  ] 
(xv) 
Relevant Time: 
[  ] 
(xvi) 
Specified Duration: 
[  ] 
(xvii) 
Representative Amount: 
[  ] 
17. 
Interest Rate Step-Up (Condition 
6(f)) 
[Floating Rate Step-Up Applicable] / [Fixed 
Rate Step-Up Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Note Step-Up Rate: 
[  ] per cent.

--- Page 359 ---
338 
 
(ii) 
Note Step-Up Date: 
[insert date prior to Maturity Date] 
(iii) 
Margin 
(for 
purposes 
of 
Condition 6(f)): 
[  ] per cent. 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[  ] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] [Actual/360] [Actual/365] 
19. 
Indexed Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[RPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Base Index Figure: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Index Figure applicable to: 
[particular month: paragraph (A) of the 
definition of “Index Figure applicable” applies] 
[first calendar day of any month: paragraph 
(B) of the definition of “Index Figure 
applicable” applies] [[ ]] in any month: 
paragraph (C) of the definition of “Index Figure 
applicable” applies] 
(iv) 
Interest Rate: 
[  ] 
(v) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest, Interest Amount and 
Redemption Amount(s) (if not 
the Agent Bank): 
[   ] 
(vi) 
Note Payment Dates: 
[   ], [   ], [   ] and [   ] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention 
and 
applicable 
Business

--- Page 360 ---
339 
 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business 
Day”]/not adjusted] 
(vii) 
First Note Payment Date: 
[   ] 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(ix) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
 
(x) 
Minimum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(xi) 
Maximum Indexation Factor: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(xii) 
Limited Indexation Month(s): 
[   ] 
(xiii) 
Reference Gilt: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
ICMA] 
[Actual/365 
or 
Actual/Actual - ISDA] [Actual/365 fixed] 
[Actual/360] [30/360 or 360/360 or Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 or Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
20. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount(s): 
[As calculated pursuant to Condition 8(b) the 
[Swap Mid Curve Amount / Spens Amount / 
Make-Whole Amount / Fixed Amount plus 
premium]] [in the case of Optional Date(s) 
falling [on [  ]] / [in the period from and 
including [insert date 3 months prior to 
maturity] / [other date] to but excluding [date]] 
[and as calculated pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
the [Swap Mid Curve Amount / Spens Amount 
/ Make-Whole Amount/ Fixed Amount plus [●] 
premium] [in the case of Optional Redemption

--- Page 361 ---
340 
 
Date(s) falling [on [  ] / in the period from and 
including [date] to but excluding [date]] [●] 
(iii) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert 
applicable 
Reference 
Bond/FA 
Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[   ] 
(v) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[  ] per cent/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[  ][Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount 
As set out in Condition 8(a), [    ] per [  ] 
Nominal Amount [adjusted, in the case of 
Indexed Notes, in accordance with Condition 
7(a)(ii)/7(b)(ii)] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption as a result of a Ratings 
Event or on the occurrence of an 
Index Event or for tax reasons or on 
event of default: 
As set out in [[Condition 8(c) (Optional 
Redemption 
as 
Result 
of 
Ratings 
Event)]/[Condition 
8(d)(i) 
(Optional 
Redemption for Index Events:)]/[Condition 
8(d)(ii) (Optional Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons)]/[Condition 11(b) (Issuer Event of 
Default)]/[   ]] 
 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 
per cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the 
Early Redemption Amount is likely to be par 
(but 
consider). 
If, 
however, 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration 
should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be.) 
STATUS AND RANKING OF THE NOTES 
 
23. 
Class: 
[Class A Notes/Class B Notes/Class R1 
Notes/ Class R2 Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
24. 
Priority: 
[Priority 
1 
Notes/Priority 
2 
Notes/Subordinated Notes]

--- Page 362 ---
341 
 
25. 
If Subordinated Notes, ranking in 
relation 
to 
other 
Classes 
of 
Subordinated Notes: 
[specify] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
(a) 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered/Bearer and  Registered] 
(i) 
If issued in Bearer 
form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [  ] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note/for tax 
reasons] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [  ] days’ notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [  ] days’ notice/at any time/ 
in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note/for tax reasons] 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes in 
paragraph 7 includes language substantially 
to the following effect: “[EUR100,000] and 
integral multiples of [EUR1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [EUR199,000].”) 
(ii) 
If 
issued 
in 
Registered form: 
[Global Note Certificate exchangeable for 
Individual Note Certificates] 
 
[Restricted Note] 
(b) 
New Global Note/NSS: 
[Yes][No] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the end dates of Note Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest as previous reference to Note 
Payment Dates relates]

--- Page 363 ---
342 
 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
ICL LOAN TERMS 
 
29. 
ICL Loan: 
[Insert currency and amount] 
30. 
Governing law of relevant ICL Loan: 
[  ] 
31. 
Interest rate on relevant ICL Loan: 
(Exceeding the rate payable on the Notes 
which are the subject of these Final Terms by 
a margin of 0.01% per annum) 
32. 
ICL Loan Payment Dates: 
[  ] 
 
(N.B. this should normally be five Business 
Days prior to the Note Payment Date) 
33. 
Term of relevant ICL Loan: 
[  ] 
34. 
Priority ranking of relevant ICL Loan: 
[  ] 
35. 
Loan to value ratio: 
[  ] 
36. 
Party responsible for calculating the 
rate of interest, interest amount(s) and 
redemption amount: 
[  ] 
37. 
Banks with which the main accounts 
are held: 
[  ] 
38. 
Relationship between the Issuer and 
FinCo and details of the principle 
terms of that relationship: 
[  ] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
_______________________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 364 ---
343

--- Page 365 ---
344 
 
Part B 
Other Information 
1. 
LISTING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Dublin /None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to Euronext 
Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official 
List and trading on its regulated market.] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(N.B. Where documenting a fungible issue 
need to indicate that original Notes are 
already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[  ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are 
expected to be] rated [insert details] by [Fitch 
Ratings Limited/S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited/Moody’s Investors Service Limited]. 
 
[Each of ][defined terms] [is established in the 
[European Economic Area/United Kingdom] 
and is registered under CRA Regulations]. 
 
[Add a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if previously published by the ratings 
provider.] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflicting one, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
“Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests”]

--- Page 366 ---
345 
 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer:
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give 
Details if reasons for offer are different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus] [An amount equal 
to the net proceeds of the Notes will be used to 
finance projects and activities that promote climate-
friendly and/or other environmental purposes or 
sustainable or social activities (either in those words 
or otherwise) (“Green Projects”)] 
 
(N.B.: If a reason for the offer is included then a 
representation must be added to the subscription 
agreement stating that the proceeds will be used as 
specified in the Final Terms.) 
(ii) 
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[   ] 
5. 
[PERFORMANCE OF INDEX, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT 
AND 
ASSOCIATED 
RISKS 
AND 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING (Index-Linked Notes only)] 
[Need to include details of electronic means where information relating to performance 
and volatility of the index can be obtained, whether free of charge, and a clear and 
comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the 
underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.] 
(i) 
Name of underlying 
Index: 
[U.K. Retail Prices Index (RPI) (all items) published by 
the Office of National Statistics] / [Non-revised index 
of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco, measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union 
excluding tobacco published by Eurostat (HICP)] 
(ii) 
Information about the 
Index, its volatility and 
past 
and 
future 
performance can be 
obtained from: 
More information on [RPI][HICP] can be found at 
[www.statistics.gov.uk 
/ 
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/hicp/data/database 
/ replacing website] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[  ]

--- Page 367 ---
346 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system 
other than Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional 
Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[  ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in 
a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)]4  
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
                                                     
4  Include this text for registered Notes

--- Page 368 ---
347 
 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)5] 
. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method 
of 
distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names 
of Managers/Class R 
Underwriters: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] [In connection with the 
issue of the Notes, [name of stabilising institution] may 
over-allot or effect transactions which stabilise or 
maintain the market price of the Notes at a level which 
might not otherwise prevail. Such stabilising, if 
commenced, may be discontinued at any time / Not 
Applicable 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
                                                     
5  Include this text for registered Notes

--- Page 369 ---
348 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
8. 
GREEN BONDS 
 
(i) 
Green Bonds: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(ii) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name 
of third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
(iii) 
[Date of third party 
opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 370 ---
349 
 
Chapter 15 
Form of the Notes 
Form and Exchange – Bearer Notes 
Each Sub-Class of Notes (or part thereof) issued in bearer form will be issued either as a 
Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Talons attached, or as a Permanent Global Note, 
without Coupons or Talons attached, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms which, 
in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the of the relevant Sub-Class 
of Notes to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes to a common depositary for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of a Sub-Class of Notes (or part thereof) issued in bearer 
form will also specify whether the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable in relation 
to the Notes. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes are in NGN form, the 
applicable Final Terms will also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to 
be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being represented by “Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a 
Permanent Global Note, without Coupons or Talons attached, not earlier than 40 days after the 
Issue Date of the relevant Sub Class of Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership of principal and interest. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note 
unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In 
addition, payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without 
such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of 
such Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or

--- Page 371 ---
350 
 
(in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(a) 
presentation (if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) and 
(in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified 
Office (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
receipt by the Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, 
within 15 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the aggregate initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note and any Temporary 
Global Note representing a fungible Sub-Class of Notes with the Sub-Class of Notes represented 
by the first Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note”, and if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business and no successor clearing system is available; or 
(d) 
if the Issuer certifies to the Note Trustee that it has become or will, on the next Note 
Payment Date for interest or principal, become subject to adverse tax consequences 
which would not be suffered if the Notes were not represented by a Permanent Global 
Note. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at 
the Specified Office of the Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary

--- Page 372 ---
351 
 
Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 
40 days after the Issue Date of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note so 
exchanged to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the presentation (and, in the case 
of final exchange, surrender) of the Temporary Global Note at the Specified Office of the Paying 
Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange but not earlier than 40 days after 
the issue of such Notes. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(c) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify “in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note”, and if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of public holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so and no successor clearing system is available; or 
(d) 
if the Issuer certifies to the Note Trustee that it has become or will, on the next Note 
Payment Date, become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be 
suffered if the Notes were not represented by a Permanent Global Note. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at 
the Specified Office of the Paying Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The Conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the Conditions set out in Chapter 13 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, page 258, above and 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those Conditions.

--- Page 373 ---
352 
 
The Conditions applicable to any Global Note will differ from those Conditions which would apply 
to the Definitive Note to the extent described under Chapter 16 “Summary of Provisions relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form”, page 358, below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), Coupons and 
Talons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the relevant Final Terms: “Any United 
States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange 
or redemption of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated 
as ordinary income. 
Form and Exchange – Registered Notes 
Global Certificates 
Registered Notes held in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or another clearing system) 
will be represented by a Global Note Certificate which will be deposited with a common depositary 
or, if the Global Note Certificates are held under the NSS, a common safekeeper, as the case 
may be, for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or such other relevant clearing system). 
Where the Global Note Certificates issued in respect of any Sub-Class of any Notes are intended 
to be held under the NSS, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Note 
Certificates are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any 
indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes of the relevant Sub-Class of Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. The common safekeeper for a Global Note Certificate held under the NSS will either by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Exchange for Individual Note Certificates 
The Global Note Certificate will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Note 
Certificates if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or other relevant clearing system) is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business, or (b) at any time at the request of the 
registered Holder if so specified in the Final Terms. 
Whenever the Global Note Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Note Certificates, such 
will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Note

--- Page 374 ---
353 
 
Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered Holder of the 
Global Note Certificate to the Registrar or the Transfer Agents (as the case may be) of such 
information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Note Certificates (including the 
names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Note Certificates are to be 
registered and the principal amount of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the 
Global Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent (as the case 
may be). Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Notes scheduled 
thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such 
indemnity as the Registrar or the Transfer Agents (as the case may be) may require in respect of 
any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with 
such exchange. 
Transfer Restrictions under Regulation S 
Each purchaser of an interest in a Temporary Global Note, a Permanent Global Note, a Regulation 
S Global Note Certificate or a Regulation S Individual Note Certificate (together, for the purposes 
of this sub-section, the Notes) and each subsequent purchaser of such an interest or Certificate 
in resales prior to the expiration of the applicable distribution compliance period (within the 
meaning of Regulation S), by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be 
deemed to have represented, warranted, acknowledged and agreed that: 
(a) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and 
(a) is not a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S and is located outside the United 
States (within the meaning of Regulation S) and (b) is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a 
person acting on behalf of such affiliate. 
(b) 
The Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States (within the meaning of the Securities Act), and the Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(c) 
If it should resell or otherwise transfer the Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution 
compliance period, it will do so only (a) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 
903 or 904 of Regulation S or (b) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it and 
any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or the account of a QIB, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. state 
securities laws. 
(d) 
It acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Note Certificates and the Regulation S 
Individual Note Certificates will bear a legend in substantially the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THE NOTES EVIDENCED BY THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF

--- Page 375 ---
354 
 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THE NOTES EVIDENCED BY THIS 
SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE RE-OFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE 
DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH 
TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM OR NOT SUBJECT TO SUCH REGISTRATION.” 
(e) 
The purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Note Trustee, the 
Arranger and their affiliates and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
(f) 
It understands that Registered Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S will initially be 
represented by one or more Regulation S Global Note Certificates. Prior to the expiration 
of the distribution compliance period with respect to such Notes, before any interest in 
the Regulation S Global Note Certificates may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Rule 144A 
Global Certificate, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification 
(in the form provided in the Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable 
securities laws. 
Form of Restricted Notes, Transfer Restrictions and Exchange 
Form of Restricted Notes 
Any Restricted Notes issued under the Programme will be issued in registered, restricted form 
(“Restricted Notes”). 
Restricted Notes will be represented by interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate, which will be 
deposited with, and registered in the name of, a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Restricted Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer and will 
not be fungible with Restricted Notes of the same Sub-Class which are issued in bearer form. 
Transfer Restrictions under Rule 144A  
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deemed to have represented and agreed that this Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms were personal to it and did not constitute an offer to any other person 
or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire Restricted Notes other than 
pursuant to Rule 144A. Distribution of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms, or 
disclosure of any of their contents to any person other than such offeree and those persons, if 
any, retained to advise it with respect thereto is unauthorised and any disclosure of any of their 
contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited.  
Each purchaser or transferee of Restricted Notes (or beneficial interest therein) by accepting 
delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Restricted Notes will be deemed to have represented, 
warranted, acknowledged and agreed that: 
(a) 
The purchaser and each person for which it is acting (a) is a QIB, (b) is aware that the 
sale of such Restricted Notes (or beneficial interest therein) to it is being made in reliance

--- Page 376 ---
355 
 
on Rule 144A, (c) is acquiring such Restricted Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs as to which the purchaser 
exercises sole investment discretion and such purchaser or transferee has full power to 
make, and does make, the acknowledgements, representations and agreements on 
behalf of each such account contained in (1) to (5) herein, and (d) will provide notice of 
the transfer restrictions described in this section “— Transfer Restrictions under Rule 
144A” to any subsequent transferees.  
(b) 
The purchaser understands and agrees that such Restricted Notes have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority 
of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and that such Restricted Notes may 
be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (a) to the Issuer; (b) pursuant 
to a registration statement that has been declared effective under the Securities Act; (c) 
for so long as the notes are eligible for resale under Rule 144A, to a person that it and 
any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs as to which the purchaser exercises sole 
investment discretion in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A; or (d) to a 
non-U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) in an offshore transaction complying with 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S; or in each case in accordance with all applicable 
securities laws including the securities laws of any state of the United States. 
(c) 
The purchaser is not purchasing such Restricted Notes with a view toward the resale, 
distribution or other disposition thereof in violation of the Securities Act. The purchaser 
understands that an investment in the Restricted Notes involves certain risks, including 
the risk of loss of its entire investment in the Restricted Notes under certain 
circumstances. The purchaser has had access to such financial and other information 
concerning the Issuer and the Restricted Notes as it deemed necessary or appropriate in 
order to make an informed investment decision with respect to its purchase of the 
Restricted Notes, including an opportunity to ask questions of, and request information 
from, the Issuer. 
(d) 
In connection with the purchase of the Restricted Notes: (a) none of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, or any affiliate thereof, the Note Trustee, or any person acting on behalf of the 
foregoing, is acting as a fiduciary or financial or investment advisor for the purchaser; (b) 
the purchaser is not relying (for purposes of making any investment decision or otherwise) 
upon any advice, counsel or representations (whether written or oral) of the Issuer, the 
Arranger, or any affiliate thereof, the Note Trustee, or any person acting on behalf of the 
foregoing, other than in this Base Prospectus and any representations expressly set forth 
in a written agreement with such party; (c) none of the Issuer, the Arranger or any affiliate 
thereof, the Note Trustee, or any person acting on behalf of the foregoing, has given to 
the purchaser (directly or indirectly through any other person) any assurance, guarantee 
or representation whatsoever as to the expected or projected success, profitability, return, 
performance, result, effect, consequence or benefit (including legal, regulatory, tax, 
financial, accounting or otherwise) as to an investment in the Restricted Notes; (d) the 
purchaser has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial 
and accounting advisors to the extent it has deemed necessary, and it has made its own 
investment decisions (including decisions regarding the suitability of any transaction 
pursuant to the Trust Deed) based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such

--- Page 377 ---
356 
 
advisors as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by the Issuer, the 
Arranger, or any affiliate thereof, the Note Trustee, or any person acting on behalf of the 
foregoing; (e) the purchaser has evaluated the rates, prices or amounts and other terms 
and conditions of the purchase and sale of the Restricted Notes with a full understanding 
of all of the risks thereof (economic and otherwise), and it is capable of assuming and 
willing to assume (financially and otherwise) those risks; (f) the purchaser is a 
sophisticated investor; and (g) the purchaser understands that these acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements are required in connection with U.S. securities laws and 
it agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer, the Arranger, any affiliate thereof, 
and the Note Trustee from and against all losses, liabilities, claims, costs, charges and 
expenses which they may incur by reason of its failure to fulfil any of the terms, conditions 
or agreements set forth above or by reason of any breach of its representations and 
warranties herein. 
(e) 
The purchaser understands that pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer has 
agreed that the Restricted Notes will be represented by one or more Rule 144A Global 
Certificates that will bear a legend substantially in the form set out below: 
THE NOTES EVIDENCED BY THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. NEITHER THE 
NOTES EVIDENCED BY THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION 
HEREIN MAY BE RE-OFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH 
REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT 
SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION. 
THE HOLDER OF THE NOTES EVIDENCED BY THIS SECURITY, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY 
INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED NOTES, TO OFFER, SELL 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTES, PRIOR TO THE DATE (THE “RESALE 
RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE”) THAT IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR ANY AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF THIS SECURITY (OR ANY 
PREDECESSOR OF SUCH SECURITY), ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT 
TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR 
RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON 
IT AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A 
“QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 
(D) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 
OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO 
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE AND OTHER SECURITIES LAW.

--- Page 378 ---
357 
 
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL NOTE WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE TRUST DEED 
HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A 
DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS 
PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITARY, TO 
THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR 
PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE 
DEPOSITARY OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITARY (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO THE 
DEPOSITARY OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITARY), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER 
USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL 
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, THE DEPOSITARY OR ITS 
NOMINEE, HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. 
TRANSFERS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN 
WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF THE DEPOSITARY OR TO A 
SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR’S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF 
PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE TRUST DEED 
REFERRED TO ON THE REVERSE HEREOF. 
EACH PURCHASER OF NOTES EVIDENCED BY THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST 
HEREIN AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PURCHASER OF NOTES 
EVIDENCED BY THIS SECURITY OR BOOK-ENTRY INTERESTS HEREIN A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. 
The purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Note Trustee, the 
Arranger and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the 
foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Restricted Notes may be 
relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A.

--- Page 379 ---
358 
 
Chapter 16 
Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
CLEARING SYSTEM ACCOUNTHOLDERS 
References in the Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of the 
relevant Global Note or the person shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as the 
holder of the Global Note Certificate. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, as being entitled to an interest in a Global 
Note or a Global Note Certificate (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to such Accountholder and in 
relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note or Global Note Certificate. The extent to 
which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under a Global 
Note or Global Note Certificate will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to 
time. As long as the relevant Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Note Certificate, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under 
the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the 
Global Note or the registered holder of the Global Note Certificate, as the case may be. 
AMENDMENT TO CONDITIONS 
Global Notes will contain provisions that apply to the Notes which they represent, some of which 
will modify the effect of the Conditions of the Notes as set out in this Base Prospectus. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
• 
Meetings: The holder of a Global Note shall be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of 
each minimum denomination of Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged. 
• 
Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note represented by a Global Note that is required by 
the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by a 
reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
• 
Notices: So long as any Notes are represented by Global Notes, notices in respect of 
those Notes may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for communication by them to entitled account holders in substitution for publication in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in Ireland. Such notices shall be deemed to have 
been received by the Noteholders on the day of delivery to such clearing systems. 
• 
Business Day: in the case of a Global Note or a Global Note Certificate, shall be: if the 
currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) city or cities

--- Page 380 ---
359 
 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day 
which is a day on which dealing in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the currency of payment and in each (if any) additional 
city or cities specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
• 
Record Date: Each payment in respect of a Global Note Certificate will be made to the 
person shown as the Holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant 
clearing system) on the Clearing System Business Day before the relevant due date for 
such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing System Business Day” means a day 
on which each clearing system for which the Global Note Certificate is being held is open 
for business. 
ELECTRONIC CONSENT 
In respect of any Global Note held on behalf of, or Global Note Certificate registered in the name 
of any nominee for, one or more of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, a resolution may be 
passed by way of electronic consents as further detailed in Condition 15(a).

--- Page 381 ---
360 
 
Chapter 17 
Description of the Swap Counterparties 
The information contained herein with respect to the Swap Counterparties relates to and has been 
obtained from each Swap Counterparty, respectively. Delivery of this Base Prospectus shall not 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of a Swap Counterparty since 
the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to herein is correct as of any time 
subsequent to its date. 
SANTANDER, S.A. (London Branch)  
Banco Santander, S.A., London Branch, acting through its office at 2 Triton Square, Regent’s 
Place, London NW1 3AN. Registered Address: Paseo de Pereda 9-12, 39004 Santander, Spain. 
Registered with the Bank of Spain (Banco de España) under registration number 0049 with CIF 
A-39000013. Registered in Spain, Banco Santander, S.A., London Branch is authorised and 
regulated by the Bank of Spain and is deemed authorised under the UK Temporary Permissions 
Regime by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Banco Santander, S.A., London Branch is subject 
to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority.” 
HSBC BANK PLC 
HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries form a group providing a range of banking products and 
services. 
HSBC Bank plc (formerly Midland Bank plc) was formed in England in 1836 and subsequently 
incorporated as a limited company in 1880. In 1923, the company adopted the name Midland 
Bank Limited, which it held until 1982 when it re-registered and changed its name to Midland 
Bank plc. In 1992, Midland Bank plc became a wholly owned subsidiary undertaking of HSBC 
Holdings plc, whose Group Head Office is at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. HSBC Bank 
plc adopted its current name, changing from Midland Bank plc, in 1999. 
HSBC serves customers worldwide from offices in 64 countries and territories in its geographical 
regions: Europe, Asia, North America, Latin America, and Middle East and North Africa.  
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and is regulated by 
the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA. HSBC Bank plc’s principal place of 
business in the United Kingdom is 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ. 
LLOYDS BANK CORPORATE MARKETS PLC 
Lloyds 
Bank 
Corporate 
Markets 
plc 
("Lloyds 
Bank 
Corporate 
Markets") 
(LEI 
213800MBWEIJDM5CU638) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group plc (together 
with its subsidiary undertakings from time to time, "Lloyds Banking Group"), was incorporated 
under the laws of England and Wales on 28 September 2016 (registration number 10399850) 
and is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the PRA.  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets’ registered office is at 25 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7HN, 
United Kingdom.

--- Page 382 ---
361 
 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets was created in response to the Financial Services (Banking 
Reform) Act 2013, which took effect from 1 January 2019 and requires the separation of certain 
commercial banking activities and international operations from the rest of the Lloyds Banking 
Group. 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets and its subsidiaries provides deposit taking, lending and 
transaction banking products and services to customers (both new and existing) and is also 
responsible for the provision of certain wholesale banking products and services (including loan 
markets, bonds and asset securitisation and elements of foreign exchange, commodities and rate 
management).  Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets has a client-led strategy, focused on UK based 
clients and international clients with a link to the UK. 
Additional information on Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets, and Lloyds Banking Group’s approach 
to ring-fencing, is available from Investor Relations, Lloyds Banking Group, 25 Gresham Street, 
London 
EC2V 
7HN 
or 
from 
the 
following 
internet 
website 
address: 
http://www.lloydsbankinggroup.com.  The information on this website does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
MUFG SECURITIES EMEA PLC 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc (“MUS(EMEA)”) was incorporated in England and Wales on 11 
February, 1983, pursuant to the Companies Act 1948 as a company with liability limited by shares. 
MUS(EMEA) was re-registered as a public limited company on 3 August, 1989. MUS(EMEA)’s 
registered office is located at Ropemaker Place, 25 Ropemaker Street, London EC2Y 9AJ, and 
its telephone number is 44 20-7628-5555. MUS(EMEA)’s registration number is 01698498. 
MUS(EMEA) is authorised by the PRA and regulated by the FCA and the PRA in the UK. 
Mitsubishi UFJ Securities Holdings Co., Ltd. (“MUSHD”), owns 100 per cent. of the shares in 
MUS(EMEA). MUSHD is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. 
(“MUFG”). 
MUS(EMEA) is a principal part of the securities and capital markets arm of MUFG and provides 
a wide range of services in the worldwide securities and derivatives businesses to governments, 
their monetary authorities and central banks, state authorities, supranational organisations and 
corporations. MUS(EMEA) is also engaged in market making and dealing in securities in the 
international securities markets, in swaps and various other derivative instruments and in the 
management and underwriting of issues of securities and securities investment. 
BNP PARIBAS 
BNP Paribas is a French multinational bank and financial services company with its registered 
office located at 16 boulevard des Italiens 75009 Paris, France, and its corporate website in 
English is http://www.bnpparibas.com/en.  BNP Paribas, together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries (the "BNP Paribas Group") is a global financial services provider, conducting retail, 
corporate and investment banking, private banking, asset management, insurance and 
specialized and other financial activities throughout the world. It operates in 65 countries and has 
nearly 190,000 employees, including almost 145,000 in Europe. BNP Paribas SA is the parent 
company of the BNP Paribas Group.

--- Page 383 ---
362 
 
SUMIMOTO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION 
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC) is a top-tier Japanese bank and core member of 
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG), a Tokyo-based bank holding company ranked 
amongst the largest 25 banks globally by assets under management. The Sumitomo and Mitsui 
companies began as family businesses in Japan and later became banks; Mitsui in Tokyo in 1876 
and Sumitomo in Osaka in 1895. The first European branch of Sumitomo Bank opened in London 
in 1918. SMBC was established in 2001 following the merger of Sumitomo and Sakura banks, 
the latter was formed following the earlier mergers of Mitsui, Taiyo and Kobe banks.  
The Japanese Financial Services Agency (JFSA) is the 'home' regulator of Sumitomo Mitsui 
Banking Corporation (SMBC) and has a shared responsibility for regulating branches with the 
'host' regulator of individual branches. Whilst the JFSA does not have direct responsibility for 
individual overseas subsidiaries, it does regulate them indirectly through its responsibilities for 
SMBC as a whole.

--- Page 384 ---
363 
 
Chapter 18 
Taxation 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident, and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives 
from the Notes.  
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION 
The comments below are of a general nature and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
They are not, and do not purport to constitute, legal or tax advice. 
The following is a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of current United Kingdom law and 
published HMRC practice relating only to the United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of 
payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax purposes) in respect of 
the Notes. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications of acquiring, 
holding or disposing of the Notes. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Noteholders 
depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. The 
comments are made on the assumption that there will be no substitution of the Issuer pursuant 
to the Trust Deed or Condition 15(d) (Substitution of the Issuer) and do not consider the tax 
consequences of any such substitution. 
Prospective Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of 
other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes, whether or not such payments 
may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the 
United Kingdom. 
Prospective Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position or who may be liable to 
taxation in any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom should consult their own professional 
advisers. 
United Kingdom Withholding Tax on Payments of Interest on the Notes 
Payments of interest on the Notes may be made without deduction of or withholding on account 
of United Kingdom income tax provided that the Notes are and continue to be listed on a 
“recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange. The Issuer’s 
understanding of current HMRC published practice is that the Notes will satisfy this requirement 
if they are officially listed in the Republic of Ireland in accordance with provisions corresponding 
to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin. 
Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a 
“recognised stock exchange”, interest on the Notes will be payable without withholding or 
deduction on account of United Kingdom tax.  
Interest on the Notes may also be paid without withholding or deduction on account of United 
Kingdom tax where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days and those Notes do not form 
part of a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding 
for more than 364 days.

--- Page 385 ---
364 
 
In other cases, an amount must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Notes that 
has a United Kingdom source on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate 
(currently 20%), subject to any other available exemptions and reliefs. However, where an 
applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be 
withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the 
Noteholder without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). Where interest has been paid to a Noteholder 
subject to a deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax and such a double tax 
treaty applies, the Noteholder may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted pursuant to 
the provisions of that double tax treaty. 
REPUBLIC OF IRELAND 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the 
ownership and disposition of Notes and the receipt of interest thereon. This summary deals only 
with Notes held beneficially as capital assets and does not address special classes of Noteholders 
such as dealers in securities or those holding the Notes as part of a trade. This summary is not 
exhaustive and Noteholders are advised to consult their own tax advisors with respect of the 
taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the 
assumption that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not carry on 
a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency or have any other connection with Ireland, other 
than the listing of the notes on Euronext Dublin. The summary is based on current Irish taxation 
legislation and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
Irish withholding tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Issuer to operate any withholding tax on payments 
of interest on the Notes except where the interest has an Irish source. The interest could be 
considered to have an Irish source, where, for example, the payment constitutes yearly interest 
and such interest is paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the Notes are secured on 
Irish situate assets. The mere offering of the Notes to Irish investors or the listing of the Notes on 
Euronext Dublin will not cause the interest to have an Irish source. 
In certain circumstances, collection agents and other persons receiving interest on the Notes in 
Ireland on behalf of a Noteholder, will be obliged to operate a withholding tax. 
Taxation of interest  
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Noteholder and a non-resident 
Noteholder holding Notes through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to Irish taxes, including 
potentially the universal social charge and social insurance contributions on the amount of the 
interest received from the Issuer. Credit against Irish tax on the interest received may be available 
in respect of foreign withholding tax deducted by the Issuer.  
Taxation of capital gains 
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Noteholders and non-resident Noteholders holding Notes 
through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to Irish tax on capital gains on any gains arising

--- Page 386 ---
365 
 
on a disposal of Notes. Reliefs and allowances may be available in computing the Noteholder’s 
liability. 
Stamp Duty 
Transfers of Notes should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided the transfers do not relate 
to Irish land or buildings or shares in or securities of an Irish registered company. 
Capital acquisitions tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if 
either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or 
ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland 
irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Notes are regarded as 
property situate in Ireland. The Notes should only be considered property situate in Ireland if the 
register of Noteholders is maintained in Ireland or, to the extent that the Notes are issued in bearer 
form, the bearer certificates are located in Ireland.  
Provision of Information 
Noteholders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Notes is paid to them 
by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent then the relevant person may be required 
to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the payment and certain details relating 
to the Noteholder. Where the Noteholder is not Irish resident, the details provided to the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by them to the tax authorities of the 
jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident for taxation purposes.  
Automatic exchange of information (AEOI)  
To the extent that the Issuer may be a Reporting Financial Institution under FATCA and/or the 
Common Reporting Standard it may require Noteholders to provide it with certain information in 
order to comply with its AEOI obligations which information may be provided to the UK tax 
authorities who may in turn exchange that information, in the case of CRS, with the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, “a foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect

--- Page 387 ---
366 
 
to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, 
if additional Notes (as described under Condition 1(c) (Form, Denomination, Title – Fungible 
Issues of Notes comprising a Sub-Class)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding 
under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in 
Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.  
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s 
Proposal”) for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate.  
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary 
market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to 
be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established 
in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” 
in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting 
with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument 
which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. 
It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 388 ---
367 
 
Chapter 19 
Subscription and Sale 
A. 
Dealership Agreement 
Notes (other than any Class R Notes) may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any 
one or more of NatWest Markets and any other Dealer appointed from time to time (the 
“Dealers”). The arrangements under which Notes (other than any Class R Notes) may 
from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, any Dealer are 
set out in a dealership agreement dated 14 March 2005 as amended and restated on 20 
July 2022 (the “Dealership Agreement”) made between, inter alios, the Issuer, the 
Principal Obligor, the Arranger and each Dealer and the Subscription Agreements relating 
to each Sub-Class of Notes issued. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision 
for the price at which Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination 
of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series, Class or 
Sub-Class of Notes. 
In the Dealership Agreement, the Issuer, failing which the Principal Obligor and/or each 
of the Additional Obligors, have agreed to reimburse the Arranger and the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and maintenance of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Dealership Agreement. The Issuer has 
agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. The Principal Obligor and each of the other Obligors party to the Dealership 
Agreement (acting jointly and severally) have also agreed to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
B. 
Class R Underwriting Agreements 
The Issuer may (but is not obliged to) enter into underwriting arrangements in relation to 
the issue of Class R Notes. The Conditions provide that the Issuer may not issue Class 
R Notes otherwise than in conjunction with the entry into of a Class R Underwriting 
Agreement (as defined in Condition 8(h)(vi)) (Definition of “Class R Underwriting 
Agreement”). 
Pursuant to a Class R Underwriting Agreement, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) 
at its option from time to time during the Underwriting Period (as defined in Condition 
8(h)(ii)) (Issue, repurchases and resales of Class R Notes by Issuer), without the consent 
of Noteholders, to resell, or procure the resale of, up to 50% of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Class R1 Notes and the Class R2 Notes on any Note Payment 
Date, on the satisfaction of certain conditions. These conditions will include, in particular, 
the delivery to the Class R Underwriters of a certificate to the effect that no Issuer Event 
of Default or Potential Issuer Event of Default has occurred and is subsisting immediately 
prior to the resale of such Class R Notes. This is the only permitted condition in the case 
of a resale of Class R Notes in an aggregate amount not exceeding the aggregate amount 
of Class R Notes then in circulation.

--- Page 389 ---
368 
 
The Conditions will provide that, at any time that any Class R Notes are in circulation, the 
Issuer shall repurchase such Class R Notes from the holders thereof provided that, if such 
Class R Underwriters are not then under an obligation to repurchase such Class R Notes 
from the Issuer on the same Note Payment Date or, if they are, they do not provide to the 
Issuer the purchase price therefor, the Issuer is not under an obligation to repurchase 
such Class R Notes. 
If, pursuant to the Intercompany Loan Agreement, it becomes necessary to repay on any 
Note Payment Date any part of a Revolving R1 ICL Loan with the proceeds of a Revolving 
R2 ICL Loan any Class R Underwriting Agreement will provide that the Issuer will on that 
Note Payment Date not be able to resell Class R1 Notes to the Class R Underwriters 
save to the extent to which the proceeds thereof could be lent to FinCo. The amount of 
the Revolving R1 ICL Loan that shall be lent to FinCo in such circumstances will be that 
(if any) which, on the basis of the latest P1 Debt Test, will ensure that the T1 Threshold is 
not breached. 
The Class R Underwriters in respect of the Class R2 Notes will, however, be obliged at 
the Issuer’s request to repurchase Class R2 Notes from the Issuer in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Class R1 Notes which were 
(as described above) not permitted to be resold. 
Minimum Ratings 
FinCo will be required to ensure that each Class R Underwriter is an entity which has the Minimum 
Short Term Ratings (from each of the Rating Agencies). 
If any Class R Underwriter ceases to have such Minimum Short Term Ratings from any of the 
Rating Agencies, such Class R Underwriter shall within 30 days of such downgrade take such 
action, at its own expense, satisfactory to such Rating Agency so that the rating assigned to the 
Class R1 Notes by such Rating Agencies is not adversely affected by the downgrade. 
Selling Restrictions  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, 
or in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons, except certain QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A and to certain non-US 
persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each of the Dealers and the Class R Underwriters has also represented and agreed in the 
Dealership Agreement (as the same may be supplemented or modified by agreement of the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to any Sub-Class of Notes as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms) and will represent and agree in any Class R Underwriting Agreement (as the case may 
be) that it has not offered or sold, or in the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered, and will not 
offer, sell or, in the case of Notes in bearer form, deliver, any Notes (i) as part of their distribution

--- Page 390 ---
369 
 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Sub-Class 
of which such Notes are part within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S or Rule 144A and, accordingly, that: 
(a) 
neither it nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged 
or will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to 
the Notes;  
(b) 
it and its affiliates have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement 
of Regulation S; and 
(c) 
neither it nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged 
or will engage in any general solicitation or any general advertising (as those terms are 
used in Rule 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in connection with offers 
and sales of the Notes in the United States. 
Each Dealer and Class R Underwriter has undertaken in the Dealership Agreement (as the same 
may be supplemented or modified by agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in 
relation to any Sub-Class of Notes as set out in the relevant Final Terms) and will undertake in 
any Class R Underwriting Agreement (as the case may be) that, at or prior to confirmation of sale, 
it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration which purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period (other than 
resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or notice in substantially the following form: 
“The Securities covered hereby have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction in the United States, and may not be offered, sold or, in 
the case of Notes in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days 
after completion of the distribution of the Sub-Class of which such Notes are part except in either 
case in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S or Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Terms 
used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.” 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of the Notes in the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in compliance with 
Rule 144A or pursuant to another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 391 ---
370 
 
Ireland 
Further each Dealer and Class R Underwriter has represented and agreed in the Dealership 
Agreement, or will represent and agree in any Class R Underwriting Agreement (as the case may 
be) that: 
(a) 
it has not underwritten and it will not underwrite or place Notes otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) 
Regulations 2017 (as amended) including without limitation Regulation 5 (Requirement 
for authorization) thereof and will conduct itself in accordance with any codes of conduct 
drawn up pursuant thereto and the provisions of the Investor Intermediaries Act 1995 (as 
amended) and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);  
(b) 
it has not underwritten and it will not underwrite or place Notes, otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and 
any codes of conduct made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); 
(c) 
it has not underwritten and will not underwrite or place or do anything in Ireland in respect 
of Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, 
the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland (as amended) and any 
rules and guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 by the Central 
Bank; 
(d) 
it has not underwritten and will not underwrite or place or otherwise act in Ireland in 
respect of Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse 
Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended), the Market Abuse Directive or Criminal Sanctions for 
market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU) (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued 
(or deemed issued) by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014; 
(e) 
any issue of the Notes with a legal warranty of less than one year will be carried out in 
strict compliance with the Central Bank’s implementation notice for credit institutions BSD 
C 01/02 of 12 November 2002 (as may be amended, replaced or updated from time to 
time) and issued pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended); 
(f) 
in respect of any Notes that are not listed on any recognised stock exchange: 
(i) 
its action in any jurisdiction will comply with the then applicable laws and 
regulations of that jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
it will not knowingly offer to sell such Notes to an Irish resident, or to persons 
whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and it will not knowingly distribute or cause 
to be distributed in Ireland any offering material in connection with such Notes; 
and 
(g) 
in connection with offers or sales of Notes, it has only issued or passed on, and will only 
issue or pass on, in Ireland, any document received by it in connection with the issue of

--- Page 392 ---
371 
 
such Notes to persons who are persons to whom the documents may otherwise lawfully 
be issued or passed on. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area . For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “EU MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
and Class R Underwriter will be required to represent and agree in the Dealership Agreement, or 
will represent and agree in any Class R Underwriting Agreement (as the case may be), that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers in or Class R Underwriters nominated by the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation,

--- Page 393 ---
372 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer or Class R Underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression “EU Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Propsectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer and Class R Underwriter will be required to represent and agree 
in the Dealership Agreement, or will represent and agree in any Class R Underwriting Agreement 
(as the case may be), that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in the United Kingdom:

--- Page 394 ---
373 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers in or Class R Underwriters 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer or Class R Underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Class R Underwriters has represented in the Dealership Agreement 
and will represent in any Class R Underwriting Agreement (as the case may be), inter alia, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.

--- Page 395 ---
374 
 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified 
as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer and Class R Underwriter has represented and agreed and each further Dealer and 
Class R Underwriter appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possess, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of 
Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which 
it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Note Trustee nor 
any of the other Dealers or Class R Underwriters shall have any responsibilities therefor. No action 
has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the Dealers or the Class R Underwriters represents that 
Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes 
any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 396 ---
375 
 
Chapter 20 
General Information 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the Notes thereunder were duly 
authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 29 October 
2004. The increase of the Maximum Amount and the update of the Programme for 2006 
were duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 14 
September 2006. The update of the Programme on the date of this Base Prospectus was 
duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 14 July 
2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.   
2. 
It is expected that each Sub-Class of Notes which is to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of, and listed on, Euronext Dublin will be admitted and listed separately 
as and when issued, subject only (in the case of Bearer Notes) to the issue of the 
Temporary Global Notes, or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Notes. Admission to 
trading on the regulated market of, and listing on, Euronext Dublin in respect of the Notes 
is expected to be granted on or shortly after the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
estimated expense of admission to trading on the regulated market of, and listing on, 
Euronext Dublin is €11,640. 
3. 
However, Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of, or be listed on, Euronext Dublin or any 
other regulated market in a Member State of the European Union or the United Kingdom 
or any stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers (or Class R Underwriters) may agree. 
4. 
It is expected that Notes issued under the Programme will be accepted for clearance 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If any Notes are to clear through an 
additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information for each Sub-Class 
of Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
5. 
Neither the Issuer, FinCo or Land Securities Group PLC is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer or FinCo or Land Securities Group PLC are 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or 
have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer, FinCo or the Landsec Group.  
6. 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Issuer has not entered into any contracts or 
arrangements not being in its ordinary course of business.  
7. 
Since the date of its incorporation, FinCo has not entered into any contracts or 
arrangements not being in its ordinary course of business. 
8. 
CBRE Limited of registered address Henrietta House, Henrietta Place, London, W1G 
0NB are the independent valuers of the Landsec Group and the Security Group Estate 
and have valued the assets of the entire Security Group Estate. The Valuation has been

--- Page 397 ---
376 
 
prepared in accordance with the version of the RICS Valuation – Global Standards 
(incorporating the International Valuation Standards) and the UK national supplement (the 
Red Book) current as at the valuation date. The properties have been valued by a valuer 
who is qualified for the purpose of the valuation in accordance with the Red Book.   At the 
request of the Issuer, CBRE Limited has given and not withdrawn its written consent to 
the inclusion herein of its report or review or references to it, as applicable, in the form 
and context in which it appears for the purpose of the Base Prospectus. CBRE Limited 
has no material interest in the Issuer or FinCo. 
9. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of FinCo 
since 31 March 2022, the end of the last financial period for which the audited financial 
statements of FinCo have been published.   
10. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer 
or the Landsec Group since 31 March 2022, the end of the last financial period for which 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer and the Landsec Group have been 
published. 
11. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of FinCo since 31 March 
2022, the date of its last published audited financial statements.  
12. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or Land 
Securities Group PLC since 31 March 2022, the date of the last published audited 
financial statements of the Issuer and Land Securities Group PLC. 
13. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, copies of 
the following documents will, when published or executed, be available for inspection at 
https://landsec.com/investorsdebt-investors/corporate-debt-structure, save where an 
alternate location is stated below:  
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer (accessible at 
https://find-and-update.company-
information.service.gov.uk/company/05193511/filing-history), FinCo 
(accessible at https://find-and-update.company-
information.service.gov.uk/company/05163698/filing-
history), and Land Securities Group PLC (accessible at https://find-and-
update.company-information.service.gov.uk/company/04369054/filing-history); 
(b) 
copies of the following documents: 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes the 
latest Valuation of the Estate as set out in Chapter 12 “Valuation of the 
Estate”, as at 31 March 2022, page 257, above); 
(ii) 
any Final Terms relating to the Notes which are admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (in the case of any Notes which are not admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation

--- Page 398 ---
377 
 
system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders); and 
(iii) 
the Trust Deed; 
(c) 
copies of the following documents, which may be inspected in physical form 
during usual business hours (upon the giving of at least 24 hours’ notice) at the 
Specified Offices of the Irish Paying Agent and at the registered office of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Issuer Deed of Charge; 
(iii) 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
(iv) 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed; 
(v) 
the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement; 
(vi) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
(vii) 
the Initial Standard Securities; 
(viii) 
the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement; 
(ix) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant; 
(x) 
any transfers of Mortgaged Properties owned by Obligors that are 
partners in UK partnerships or are incorporated in Jersey; 
(xi) 
the Trust Agreements for each such title; and 
(xii) 
the Beneficiary Undertakings in relation to Mortgaged Properties 
beneficially owned by Obligors that are UK partnerships or are 
incorporated in Jersey. 
14. 
Ernst & Young LLP are the independent auditors of the Issuer, FinCo and Land Securities 
Group PLC and have audited the financial statements of each of the Issuer, FinCo and 
Land Securities Group PLC for each of the financial years ended 31 March 2021 and 31 
March 2022 and, in each case, reported thereon without qualification. Ernst & Young LLP 
is registered to perform audit work by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales. Ernst & Young LLP’s address is 1 More London Place, London SE1 2AF, 
United Kingdom. 
15. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the

--- Page 399 ---
378 
 
Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business 
activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 400 ---
379 
 
Glossary of Defined Terms 
The following terms that are used in this Base Prospectus have the following meanings: 
“Acceleration” 
means an acceleration of the Secured Obligations (or 
equivalent action) including, in the case of: 
 
(a) 
any Loan (other than any Contingency Bond), the 
declaration that the principal amount thereof is 
immediately due and payable on demand and the 
making of a demand therefor; 
 
(b) 
any Contingency Bond, demanding that the liability of 
each Obligor thereunder be immediately collateralised 
by paying to the Obligor Security Trustee a sum equal 
to the maximum contingent liability thereunder; 
 
(c) 
any Swap Agreement, the early termination of any 
obligations (whether by reason of an event of default, 
termination event or other right of early termination) 
thereunder; or 
 
(d) 
any finance lease, the termination of the same by the 
lessor or the demand by the same for the prepayment 
of all amounts due to accrue thereunder, 
 
(and “Accelerate” shall be construed accordingly). 
“Accepted Restructuring 
Purpose” 
means the purpose of achieving efficiencies in financing the 
business operations of the Security Group in anticipation of, 
or in accordance with, potential or actual changes in (i) law 
or regulation (including, without limitation the introduction of 
real estate investment trusts or property investment funds or 
investment vehicles of a similar nature in the United Kingdom 
whether or not in accordance with suggestions set out in the 
HM Treasury and Inland Revenue (now HMRC) consultation 
paper dated March 2004 entitled “Promoting more flexible 
investment in property – a consultation”), (ii) practice in 
relation to the management, holding, or development of, 
providing Services in relation to or investment in property or 
(iii) the taxation law relating to the management, holding, or 
development of, providing Services in relation to or 
investment in property. 
“Account Bank” 
means Lloyds Bank plc, acting in such capacity through its 
office at Bailey Drive, Gillingham Business Park, Gillingham, 
Kent ME8 0LS, or such other entity or entities appointed as 
account bank from time to time, subject to and in accordance

--- Page 401 ---
380 
 
with the terms of the Account Bank and Cash Management 
Agreement. 
“Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement” 
means the account bank and cash management agreement 
dated 3 November 2004 and entered into between the 
Obligors, the Issuer, the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, 
the Servicer, the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note 
Trustee. 
“Accounting Principles 
Confirmation” 
means the confirmation required by the Common Terms to 
be provided by the Rating Agencies in certain circumstances 
in order for any Proposed Accounting Principles to be 
adopted by the Obligors. See “— Changes in Applicable 
Accounting Principles”, page 131, above. 
“Accounts” 
means the Issuer Accounts and the Obligor Accounts. 
“ACF” 
means an authorised credit facility. 
“ACF Agreement” 
means the Initial ACF Agreement, an Existing ACF 
Agreement or a Further ACF Agreement. 
“ACF Loan” 
means the principal amount of each borrowing or contingent 
liability or other form of Financial Indebtedness of an Obligor 
under an ACF Agreement. 
“ACF Loan Payment Date” 
means, for any ACF Loan, any date for the payment of 
interest thereon or the repayment of principal thereof. 
“ACF Provider” 
means an Initial ACF Provider or a Further ACF Provider. 
“ACF Providers’ 
Confirmation” 
means, in respect of any matter, a confirmation from a 
Representative (of one or more ACF Providers) that it has 
been duly instructed on such matter by such ACF Provider 
(or the requisite instructing group of ACF Providers) in 
accordance with the relevant ACF Agreement. 
“Acquisition” 
means the introduction into the Estate (by way of purchase 
or otherwise) of any legal or beneficial interest in any real 
estate and includes any acquisition of shares in any 
company or other entity which owns any such interest in any 
real estate property which shall be treated as the acquisition 
of the interest in the real estate property in question (and 
“Acquire” shall be construed accordingly). 
“Actually Prepay” 
means, in respect of:

--- Page 402 ---
381 
 
 
(a) 
a Non-Contingent Loan which is not a Revolving Loan, 
to repay all or part of the principal of such Financial 
Indebtedness at a time when such principal would not 
have been due or repayable but for the delivery of a 
voluntary notice of prepayment by the relevant 
borrower; or 
 
(b) 
a Non-Contingent Loan which is a Revolving Loan, to 
repay (and not concurrently redraw under the same 
Loan facility) principal on such loan prior to the service 
of a Loan Acceleration Notice, 
 
and “Actually Prepaying”, “Actual Prepayment” and 
“Actually Prepaid” are to be construed accordingly. 
“Additional Assets” 
with respect to any Obligor, means assets which are included 
in such Obligor’s balance sheet (as contained in its Latest 
Accounts), excluding: 
 
(a) 
real estate; 
 
(b) 
rental income, service charges or other income or 
recoveries relating to real estate; 
 
(c) 
an Obligor Account (excluding a Collection Account 
and any Operating Account) or the debt represented 
thereby; 
 
(d) 
prepayments or accruals (including amounts arising 
by reason of UITF 28); 
 
(e) 
intercompany debtor balances, guarantees or bonds 
or Monetary Claims owing between Obligors; and 
 
(f) 
an asset over which any Encumbrance (other than any 
floating charge) has been created. 
“Additional Calculation Date” 
means, in respect of any Proposed Additional Transaction, 
each Business Day (selected by the Obligors in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement) upon which the 
Additional Tier Tests are conducted. See “— The Additional 
Tier Tests and Headroom Tests”, page 127, above. 
“Additional LTV” 
means, in respect of any Proposed Additional Transaction, 
the modified LTV calculated on the relevant Additional 
Calculation Date (which assumes, for the purposes of such 
calculation, that such transaction completed as of such date).

--- Page 403 ---
382 
 
“Additional Mortgaged 
Property” 
means a Nominated Eligible Property which has become part 
of the Estate following the satisfaction of the relevant 
conditions set out in the Common Terms Agreement, 
described in “— Additional Mortgaged Properties”, page 90, 
above. 
“Additional Obligor” 
means each nominated Eligible Obligor which has executed 
(among other things) an Obligor Accession Deed, 
immediately following the countersignature of that deed by 
the Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee. 
“Additional Projected ICR” 
means, in respect of any Proposed Additional Transaction, 
the modified Projected ICR calculated on the relevant 
Additional Calculation Date (which assumes, for the 
purposes of such calculation, that such transaction 
completed as of such date). 
“Additional Tier 
Determination Date” 
means, in respect of the Additional Tier Tests conducted in 
respect of any Proposed Additional Transaction: 
 
(a) 
if such Additional Tier Tests will result in a more 
restrictive Covenant Regime applying, the date 
immediately before the relevant Proposed Completion 
Date; or 
 
(b) 
if such Additional Tier Tests will result in the same or a 
less restrictive Covenant Regime applying, the date 
upon which all elements of such transaction are 
completed. 
“Additional Tier Test” 
means, in respect of each Proposed Additional Transaction, 
the calculations of the Additional LTV, the Additional 
Projected ICR and (if the Obligors have elected to calculate 
the Pro Forma Historical ICR in respect of that proposed 
transaction) the Pro Forma Historical ICR. 
“Adjusted Principal Amount” 
means, in respect of any Financial Indebtedness, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of such indebtedness, as 
calculated in accordance with the principles set out in 
paragraphs (a) to (d) (inclusive) of the definition of “Security 
Group Net Debt Outstanding”. 
“Affected Class” 
means: 
 
(a) 
in relation to the proposed introduction or change of 
any Secondary Debt Rank or Primary Debt Rank, 
each Sub-Class of Notes which corresponds to a 
Subordinated ICL Loan which, as a result of such

--- Page 404 ---
383 
 
introduction or change, will become subordinated in 
point of security to any other Subordinated ICL Loan 
or Subordinated ACF Loan to which it is not then 
subordinated; 
 
(b) 
in relation to the proposed incurrence of any 
Subordinated Debt after a Subordinated Debt Split, 
each Sub-Class of Notes which corresponds to a 
Subordinated ICL Loan that will be subordinate in 
point of security to the Subordinated Debt proposed to 
be drawn; 
 
(c) 
in relation to the proposed change of the Primary Debt 
Rank of any ICL Loan, the Sub-Class of Notes which 
corresponds to such Loan; and 
 
(d) 
in relation to any proposal to use funds standing to the 
credit of a DCA Ledger in respect of an ICL Loan to 
Prepay any Loan other than such ICL Loan, the Sub-
Class of Notes which corresponds to such ICL Loan. 
“Agency Agreement” 
means the amended and restated agency agreement dated 
20 
July 
2022 
(as 
amended 
and 
restated 
and/or 
supplemented from time to time) and entered into between 
the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agents and the Note Trustee. 
“Agent Bank” 
means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, acting through 
its office at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, or such other entity or entities appointed 
as agent bank from time to time, subject to and in accordance 
with the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
“Agents” 
means the Paying Agents, the Agent Bank, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agent or any other agent appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
“Aggregate Credit Balance” 
means the sum of: 
 
(a) 
the aggregate credit balances (if any) on all Operating 
Accounts (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Collection Accounts); 
 
(b) 
the credit balances (if any) on the Collection Accounts 
(to the extent that the same exceeds the aggregate of 
all outstanding Rental Loans and Servicer Loans); and

--- Page 405 ---
384 
 
 
(c) 
any sum which would, but for any technical or 
administrative error in the transmission of funds only, 
be standing to the credit of a Collection Account or an 
Operating Account. 
“Aggregate Projected 
Development Cost” 
means, at any time, the aggregate projected actual cost to 
the Obligors (excluding finance charges or allocation of 
overheads) of carrying out all Development Projects (as 
determined by the Obligors acting in good faith), to the extent 
that such cost is committed pursuant to building contracts in 
respect of Development Projects and would be committed 
pursuant to the proposed building contract which has 
resulted in the requirement to run the Development Test; 
such projected cost to exclude provisions for contingencies, 
sums already spent and costs which are to be met by a third 
party pursuant to a forward funding or forward sale 
agreement in respect of which any condition precedent to the 
commencement of the Development Projects has been 
satisfied. 
“Agreed Form of Certificate 
of Title or Report on Title” 
means a certificate of title or report on title, in substantially 
the form of the document entitled “Form of Report on Title” 
initialled (for identification purposes only) on or about the 
Exchange Date by the Principal Obligor and the Obligor 
Security Trustee, such other form of certificate of title or 
report on title as may be approved by the Obligor Security 
Trustee or the then current City of London Law Society 
approved form of certificate on title. 
“Agreed Form of Global 
Consent Letter” 
means a global consent letter in respect of a Nominated 
Eligible Property (which, in the case of a Nominated Eligible 
Property located in England or Wales is to be lodged at the 
Land Registry following completion of an Additional 
Mortgaged Property transaction in accordance with 
“Additional Mortgaged Properties”, page 71 above, in the 
form agreed between the Obligors and the Obligor Security 
Trustee from time to time. 
“Agreed Form of Legal 
Opinion” 
means the legal opinions required to be given in respect of 
certain matters under the Common Terms Agreement or the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, from time to time, in 
the forms agreed between the Obligors and the Obligor 
Security Trustee from time to time (or, in the case of Further 
Credit Assets, between the Obligors, the Obligor Security 
Trustee and the Rating Agencies).

--- Page 406 ---
385 
 
“Agreed Form of RM 
Security Structure 
Documents” 
means the forms of RM Security Structure Documents 
entered into on the Exchange Date in respect of the Initial 
RM Properties, or such other forms of RM Security Structure 
Documents as may be agreed between the Obligors and the 
Obligor Security Trustee from time to time. 
“Agreed Form of Security” 
means: 
 
(a) 
in the case of property situated in England and Wales, 
a first-ranking charge by way of a legal mortgage; 
 
(b) 
in the case of property situated in Scotland, a 
Standard Security; 
 
(c) 
in the case of property situated outside England, 
Wales and Scotland, such other form of security as 
may be agreed from time to time between the Obligors 
and the Obligor Security Trustee as being, for the 
purposes of the Common Terms Agreement and the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, equivalent in all 
material respects to a first-ranking charge by way of a 
legal mortgage over property situated in England and 
Wales; 
 
(d) 
in the case of shares, such form of security as (in the 
case of shares in companies incorporated in England 
and Wales, Scotland or Jersey) is customarily used to 
create a first ranking fixed charge or (in the case of 
shares in any other companies) may be agreed from 
time to time between the Obligors and the Obligor 
Security Trustee as being, for the purposes of the 
Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed, equivalent in all material respects 
to a first ranking fixed charge over shares in 
companies incorporated in England and Wales; or 
 
(e) 
in the case of any Further Credit Asset, such form of 
security as has been agreed between the Obligors, the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies in 
respect of that Further Credit Asset. 
“Agreed Form of Security 
Document” 
means a document which creates an Agreed Form of 
Security and which is in a form agreed between the Obligors 
and the Obligor Security Trustee from time to time. 
“Allocated Debt” 
means, in relation to a Mortgaged Property, the Security 
Group Net Debt Outstanding (as calculated as of the latest 
Tier Test Calculation Date) multiplied by a fraction, the

--- Page 407 ---
386 
 
numerator of which is the Market Value of the relevant 
Mortgaged Property and the denominator of which is the 
Total Collateral Value (as calculated as of the latest Tier Test 
Calculation Date). 
“Allocated Debt Amount” 
means, in relation to a Mortgaged Property, 130% of the 
Allocated Debt relating thereto. 
“Amortisation Determination 
Date” 
means a day which is: 
 
(a) 
the second Business Day preceding the first day upon 
which the Obligors become required to Prepay Non-
Contingent Loans in accordance with a Mandatory 
Prepayment 
Provision 
(other 
than 
the 
DPA 
Prepayment Provision); and 
 
(b) 
as of which there is no continuing obligation to make 
Prepayments in accordance with any other Mandatory 
Prepayment 
Provision 
(other 
than 
the 
DPA 
Prepayment Provision). 
“Amortisation Schedule” 
means, at any date, a notional quarterly amortisation 
schedule (calculated on a 25-year mortgage annuity basis, 
irrespective of the actual maturity of any Loans then 
outstanding with payment dates falling on successive 
Financial Quarter Dates throughout the 25-year period) in 
respect of an amount of debt equal to the Adjusted Principal 
Amount of Priority 1 Debt and Priority 2 Debt incurred 
pursuant to Non-Contingent Loans outstanding at such date 
(ignoring any such debt that has been Collateralised other 
than pursuant to any of the Mandatory Prepayment 
Provisions), assuming an interest rate over the 25-year 
period equal to the then current yield to maturity (at the time 
of preparation of such schedule) on the UK gilt with the 
maturity closest to the end of that period plus 1% and 
rounded up to the nearest 1/2%. 
“Applicable Accounting 
Principles” 
means either generally accepted accounting principles in the 
United Kingdom (as applied by the Obligors as of the 
Exchange Date) or such other accounting principles as may 
be adopted by the Obligors for certain purposes under the 
Obligor Transaction Documents in accordance with the 
Common Terms Agreement. See “— Changes in Applicable 
Accounting Principles”, page 131, above. 
“Approved Blocked Account” 
means any Obligor Account (other than the Income 
Replacement Account and any Development Account) so

--- Page 408 ---
387 
 
designated as a blocked account by the Obligors and 
approved as such by the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Approved Firm” 
In relation to a required legal opinion, means a firm of lawyers 
from the panel of lawyers agreed between the Principal 
Obligor and the Obligor Security Trustee from time to time, 
the firm proposed by the Obligors in respect of that legal 
opinion to be specifically approved for that purpose by the 
Obligor Security Trustee in advance; for these purposes the 
initial agreed panel is (a) in relation to matters of English law, 
Slaughter and May, Clifford Chance LLP, Allen & Overy LLP, 
Linklaters, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, Ashurst, SJ 
Berwin, Nabarro Nathanson (now CMS Cameron McKenna 
Nabarro Olswang LLP), Dechert LLP, Eversheds LLP, 
Stephenson Harwood LLP, DAC Beachcroft LLP, Walker 
Morris LLP (in respect of Trinity, Leeds only) and Berwin 
Leighton Paisner LLP; (b) in relation to matters of Scots law, 
Dundas & Wilson CS LLP, Tods Murray and DLA Piper 
Scotland LLP; and (c) in relation to matters of Jersey law, 
Mourant de Feu and Carey Olsen, in each case including 
successors to these firms or any firm arising as a result of a 
merger entered into by one or more of these firms. 
“Approved Jurisdiction” 
in respect of an Obligor, a proposed Additional Obligor or a 
partnership of Obligors means: 
 
(a) 
as to the management or tax residence of such 
Obligor or 
proposed Additional Obligor or 
a 
partnership of Obligors that is incorporated or 
established in England and Wales, Scotland or Jersey: 
England and Wales or Scotland; or 
 
(b) 
as to the place of incorporation, establishment or tax 
residence of such Obligor or proposed Additional 
Obligor (in each case, outside Great Britain): any 
jurisdiction nominated by such Obligor in respect of 
which (1) legal (including as to insolvency and 
security) opinions satisfactory to the Rating Agencies 
can (on the basis of applicable laws and the 
interpretation thereof) be given in respect of, among 
other things, its ownership (were it to be an Obligor) of 
Mortgaged Properties and (2) a tax opinion (or tax 
opinions) satisfactory to the Rating Agencies can be 
given to the Obligor Security Trustee and the Dealers 
addressing relevant tax issues arising from the 
introduction into the Security Group of such proposed 
Additional Obligor and its intended activities. (Note 
that such opinions were delivered to the Obligor

--- Page 409 ---
388 
 
Security Trustee by Jersey counsel in connection with 
the addition to the Estate of certain Mortgaged 
Properties held by Jersey Property Unit Trusts.) 
“Approved Property Manager 
List” 
means the list of property managers, each of which shall be 
a suitable company in the business of real estate acting 
through an individual who shall be a fellow of the Royal 
Institution of Chartered Surveyors of at least 10 years’ 
experience of commercial property in the United Kingdom, 
agreed between the Principal Obligor and the Obligor 
Security Trustee from time to time (or, in the absence of 
agreement, such list as formulated by the Obligor Security 
Trustee). 
“Auditors” 
means PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Ernst & Young LLP or 
such other international or other leading United Kingdom firm 
of auditors chosen by the Principal Obligor and notified to the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Note Trustee from time to 
time. 
“Authorised Signatory” 
means an officer of any of the Obligors who appears on the 
list of authorised signatories for the purpose of executing 
certificates pursuant to the Common Terms Agreement and 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed (other than 
Compliance Certificates, the certification of Dormant Obligor 
status and any other certificate which is specifically required 
to be given by the directors) which has been delivered by the 
Obligors to the Obligor Security Trustee (as such list may be 
amended or updated by a director of the Principal Obligor 
from time to time). 
“Available Cash” 
means, in respect of the Security Group Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments on any day, all amounts (other than 
Swap Excluded Amounts) that can be, and are, drawn that 
day from loan facilities which may be applied, and the sum 
of all credit balances on all Obligor Accounts to the extent 
available to be withdrawn in accordance with the Obligor 
Transaction Documents, in each case for the purpose of 
making payments in respect of the Security Group Pre-
Enforcement Priority of Payments (and to the extent that 
funds in certain Obligor Accounts may be withdrawn for the 
purpose of making payments under a particular item in the 
Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the 
Obligor shall be entitled to apply such funds as have been 
withdrawn as Available Cash towards payment of such 
particular item in the Security Group Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments).

--- Page 410 ---
389 
 
“Basic Terms Modifications” 
has the meaning given to it in “— Basic Terms Modifications”, 
page 183, above. 
“Bearer Notes” 
means those Notes issued in bearer form. 
“Beneficiary Undertaking” 
means a deed so entitled whereby an Obligor (or Obligors 
who are partners in a partnership that is not itself an Eligible 
Obligor) that own(s) the beneficial interest in a Mortgaged 
Property give(s) certain undertakings to, among others, the 
Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Blocking Right” 
has the meaning given to it in “— Blocking Rights”, page 197, 
above. 
“Business Day” 
means, unless the context otherwise requires, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business in 
London. 
“Buyback” 
means, in respect of an ICL Loan, the deemed repayment of 
all or part of the principal of such ICL Loan in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement upon the acquisition (by 
FinCo) of Notes which correspond to such Loan, the 
surrender of such Notes to the Issuer and their cancellation. 
See “— Prepayment of Non-Contingent Loans”, page 115, 
above. 
“Calculation Agency 
Agreement” 
means an agreement pursuant to which any calculation 
agent is appointed, which is in the form of or substantially in 
the form of Schedule 1 to the Agency Agreement, and which 
sets out the responsibilities of the calculation agent and the 
circumstances in which the appointment may be terminated.
“Calculation Agent” 
means a calculation agent appointed in respect of any Notes, 
and named in the relevant Final Terms as such, under a 
Calculation Agency Agreement. 
“Calculation Certificate” 
means a certificate as to the results of one or more of the 
Calculation Tests delivered by the Obligors to the Obligor 
Security Trustee under the Common Terms Agreement from 
time to time. See “— Calculation Certificates”, page 130, 
above.  
“Calculation Date” 
means a Scheduled Calculation Date, an Additional 
Calculation Date, an Optional Calculation Date or a 
Transaction LTV Calculation Date.

--- Page 411 ---
390 
 
“Calculation Period” 
means a Historical Calculation Period or a Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period. 
“Calculation Test” 
means the Tier Tests, the P1 Debt Test, the Additional Tier 
Tests, the Transaction LTV Test and the Headroom Tests. 
“Cash Manager” 
means Land Securities (Finance) Limited in its capacity as 
cash manager for the Obligors and the Issuer, or such other 
entity or entities appointed as cash manager from time to 
time, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the 
Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement. 
“Central Bank” 
means the Central Bank of Ireland in its capacity as 
competent authority pursuant to the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
“Certificate of Title” 
means: 
 
(a) 
in relation to a Mortgaged Property introduced or to be 
introduced to the Estate on or before the Exchange 
Date, a certificate of title prepared by Nabarro 
Nathanson (now CMS Cameron McKenna Nabarro 
Olswang LLP) or Dechert LLP (in the case of 
Mortgaged Properties located in England or Wales) or 
Dundas & Wilson CS LLP (in the case of Mortgaged 
Properties located in Scotland); and 
 
(b) 
in relation to any Additional Mortgaged Property, a 
certificate of title prepared by an Approved Firm. 
 
(c) 
 
“CGT Group” 
means a group for the purposes of section 170 of the 
Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992. 
“CHAPS” 
means the Clearing House Automated Payments System. 
“Change of Control Event” 
means either of (a) the acquisition of control of Land 
Securities Group PLC by one or more persons acting in 
concert (where “control” means the ability to direct the affairs 
of Land Securities Group PLC (whether by virtue of the 
ownership (direct or indirect) of shares and/or by contract 
and/or by any other means) (excluding any such acquisition 
of control pursuant to a scheme of arrangement or 
composition pursuant to which the beneficial owners of the 
shares of any company which directly or indirectly owns the 
shares of Land Securities Group PLC are substantially the 
same persons as those who beneficially held the shares of

--- Page 412 ---
391 
 
Land Securities Group PLC prior to such scheme or 
composition), or (b) the members of the Security Group are 
no longer under the Common Control of Land Securities 
Group PLC. 
“Change of Control Period” 
means the period between the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Event (unless the Ratings Test has been satisfied in 
respect of such event) and the first Ratings Affirmation to 
occur after such event. 
“Change of Control 
Prepayment Provision” 
means the provision of the Common Terms Agreement that 
will require the Obligors to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in 
accordance with the most recent Amortisation Schedule for 
so long as certain LTV thresholds are breached while a 
Change of Control Period applies and either the T1 Covenant 
Regime or the T2 Covenant Regime applies. See “— Due to 
breach of LTV threshold during Change of Control Period”, 
page 120, above. 
“Charged Property” 
means the property, assets, rights and undertaking of each 
Obligor that are the subject of the security interests created 
in or pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents. 
“Class” 
means: 
 
(a) 
in respect of Notes, a reference to a class of Notes, 
being the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class 
R1 Notes, the Class R2 Notes or any class of 
Subordinated Notes designated as a Class of Notes 
pursuant to a Final Terms; 
 
(b) 
in respect of Noteholders, Noteholders holding a 
particular Class of Notes; 
 
(c) 
in respect of ACF Providers, the ACF Providers of ACF 
Loans ranking in point of security pari passu with each 
other (and in the case where multiple ACF Providers 
(under a single ACF Agreement) are making multiple 
ACF Loans ranking in multiple points of security, an 
ACF Provider shall belong to a Class of ACF Providers 
to the extent it has made an ACF Loan ranking in a 
particular point of security, together with other ACF 
Providers making ACF Loans ranking at the same 
point of security under different ACF Agreements (if 
any)); 
 
(d) 
in respect of Debtholders, a Class of ACF Providers 
together with the Class of Noteholders holding Notes

--- Page 413 ---
392 
 
in respect of which the corresponding ICL Loans rank 
pari passu with the ACF Loans from such Class of ACF 
Providers; and 
 
(e) 
in respect of Qualifying Debtholders, a Class of 
Debtholders who are Qualifying Debtholders. 
“Class A Notes” 
means any Notes designated as such pursuant to a Final 
Terms and issued on the Exchange Date or thereafter. 
“Class B Notes” 
means any Notes designated as such pursuant to a Final 
Terms and issued after the Exchange Date. 
“Class R Agent” 
means any agent for any Class R Underwriter acting in such 
capacity. 
“Class R Notes” 
means Class R1 Notes and/or Class R2 Notes (as the 
context requires). 
“Class R1 Notes” 
means revolving notes designated as such pursuant to a 
Final Terms and issued after the Exchange Date. 
“Class R2 Notes” 
means revolving notes designated as such pursuant to a 
Final Terms and issued after the Exchange Date. 
“Class R Underwriters” 
means any underwriter of the Class R Notes appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in accordance with a Class R 
Underwriting Agreement. 
“Class R Underwriting 
Agreement” 
means any underwriting agreement entered into after the 
Exchange Date between, inter alios, one or more 
underwriters, FinCo and the Issuer. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” 
means Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
“Collateralise” 
means, with respect to any Non-Contingent Loan, to deposit, 
into the Debt Collateralisation Account, an amount in respect 
of all or part of the principal amount outstanding of such Non-
Contingent Loan and “Collateralisation” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Collection Account” 
means one or more accounts designated as a “Collection 
Account”, held in the name of Land Securities (Finance) 
Limited and maintained with the Account Bank pursuant to 
the terms of the Account Bank and Cash Management 
Agreement, or such other account(s) so designated in the 
name of Land Securities (Finance) Limited as may be 
opened, with the consent of the Obligor Security Trustee, at

--- Page 414 ---
393 
 
any branch of the Account Bank or at an Eligible Bank in 
replacement of such account(s). 
“Common Control” 
means, in relation to the Obligors, (a) the control of all of the 
Obligors by any one person, (b) the majority of the board of 
directors of all the Obligors being the same individuals and/or 
legal entities or (c) the management of the Mortgaged 
Properties of each Obligor being contracted to the same 
external manager (other than any Property Manager), where, 
in the case of (a) above, “control” means the ability to direct 
the affairs of all the Obligors whether by virtue of the 
ownership (direct or indirect) of shares and/or by contract 
and/or by any other means. 
“Common Control Covenant” 
means the T1 Covenant of the Obligors not to permit any 
Obligor to cease to be under Common Control except in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Common 
Terms Agreement (which provisions are described in “— 
Released Obligors”, page 87, above). 
“Common Depositary” 
means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
“Common Safekeeper” 
means Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg in its capacity 
as common safekeeper or a person nominated by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg to perform the role of common 
safekeeper. 
“Common Terms Agreement” 
means the common terms agreement dated 3 November 
2004 and entered into between, inter alios, the Original 
Obligors, the Issuer, the Obligor Secured Creditors, the Note 
Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“Compliance Certificate” 
means each of the certificates to be given to, inter alios, the 
Obligor Security Trustee and the Rating Agencies pursuant 
to the covenants described in “— Compliance Certificate”, 
page 151, above.  
“Concentration Limits” 
means the Sector Concentration Limit, the Geographic 
Concentration Limit and the Tenant Concentration Limit. 
“Conditions” 
means, in respect of Notes issued under the Programme, the 
terms and conditions applicable to such Notes as contained 
in the Trust Deed as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (in each case as construed together with the relevant 
Final Terms). 
“Contingency Bond” 
means an ACF Loan by way of a Performance Bond or other 
contingent liability of any of the Obligors (other than under

--- Page 415 ---
394 
 
the Guarantees, but including any contingent liability referred 
to in paragraph (i) of the definition of Financial 
Indebtedness). 
“Coupon” 
means an interest coupon appertaining to a Definitive Note 
(other than a Zero Coupon Note) and includes, where 
applicable, the Talon(s) appertaining thereto and any 
replacements for Coupons and Talons issued pursuant to 
Condition 14 (Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons). 
“Couponholders” 
means the several persons who are, for the time being, 
holders of the Coupons. 
“Covenant Regimes” 
means the T1 Covenant Regime, the T2 Covenant Regime, 
the Initial T3 Covenant Regime and the Final T3 Covenant 
Regime. 
“Creditor Accession Deed” 
means a deed (in the form set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement) pursuant to which any proposed creditor of the 
Security Group may accede to the Common Terms 
Agreement and the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed in 
the capacity of an Obligor Secured Creditor. 
“Dangerous Substance” 
means any substance capable (whether alone or in 
combination with any other) of causing serious pollution or 
contamination, harm or damage to property or to the 
Environment. 
“Day One Loan” 
means the amount outstanding as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus under the loan agreement dated 3 November 
2004 and entered into between LSF (as lender) and LSP (as 
borrower) in connection with the establishment of this 
Programme. 
“DCA Ledgers” 
means the sub-ledgers established and maintained by the 
Cash Manager on behalf of the Obligors in respect of 
amounts standing to the credit of the Debt Collateralisation 
Account from time to time in accordance with the Common 
Terms Agreement and the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement. See “— Collateralisation”, page 
117, above. 
“Dealers” 
means any dealers appointed by the Issuer from time to time 
under the Dealership Agreement, and references to the 
“relevant Dealer(s)” means, in relation to any Sub-Class of 
Notes (other than Class R Notes), the Dealer or Dealers with

--- Page 416 ---
395 
 
whom the Issuer has agreed the issue of the Notes of such 
Sub-Class. 
“Dealership Agreement” 
means the amended and restated dealership agreement 
related to the Programme dated 2 August 2017 (as amended 
and restated and/or supplemented from time to time) and 
entered into between, inter alios, certain financial institutions 
as dealers and the Issuer. 
“Dealing” 
means any voluntary act (which includes any Acquisition and 
any Disposal, the entering into or varying of any Leasing 
Agreement, the entering into of any Development Contract, 
exercising any right under, or the varying or surrendering of 
any such contract and carrying out any Development or other 
works in respect thereof) and “Deal” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Debt Collateralisation 
Account” 
means the account designated as the “Debt Collateralisation 
Account”, held in the name of FinCo and maintained with the 
Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank and 
Cash Management Agreement, or such other account as 
may be opened, with the consent of the Obligor Security 
Trustee, at any branch of the Account Bank or at an Eligible 
Bank to replace such designated account. 
“Debtholder” 
means a Noteholder or an ACF Provider. 
“Debtholders’ Meeting” 
means a meeting of Debtholders, held in accordance with the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
“Debt Ranks” 
means the Primary Debt Ranks and the Secondary Debt 
Ranks. 
“Deduction Amount” 
means, in respect of any relevant Obligor, the lower of 
£600,000 and 20% of the value of such Obligor’s Additional 
Assets, such value to be determined by reference to such 
Obligor’s Latest Accounts. 
“Deemed Disposal” 
means, in respect of any Mortgaged Property, an Obligor 
which holds such Mortgaged Property ceasing to be under 
Common Control. 
“Deemed Disposal Proceeds” 
means, in relation to the Deemed Disposal of one more 
Mortgaged Properties, an amount equal to the lower of the 
aggregate of the Allocated Debt Amount for each such 
Mortgaged Property and the aggregate of the Market Values 
of such properties.

--- Page 417 ---
396 
 
“Deemed Tax Borrowings” 
means, in summary, the sum of (a) the amount of unpaid 
Disposal Tax in excess of £50,000,000 (subject to 
Transaction Indexation) and (b) the amount of unpaid 
Transaction Tax in excess of £50,000,000 (subject to 
Transaction Indexation), save to the extent that such 
Disposal Tax or Transaction Tax is already reserved for in a 
Tax Reserve Account. 
“Definitive Note” 
means a Bearer Note issued in definitive form, in or 
substantially in the form set out in Part C (Form of Definitive 
Note) of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed. 
“Degrouping Charge” 
means, in summary, any liability to pay tax that would arise 
to an Obligor as a result of the application of Section 179 of 
the Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992, Section 111 of 
the Finance Act 2002, Section 113 of the Finance Act 2002 
or either of paragraphs 3 or 9 of Schedule 7 to the Finance 
Act 2003 were that Obligor to leave the relevant tax group. 
“Development” 
means the construction on any Obligor Property of a building 
(including a substantial refurbishment of an existing building, 
meaning a refurbishment which can only be carried out if 
60% or more of the total lettable space of any building on the 
Obligor Property in question is vacant). 
“Development Account” 
means any account opened in accordance with the 
covenants referred to in — Developments in Partnerships 
and 
Non-UK 
Obligors”, 
page 
109, 
above, 
or 
“— 
Developments Vested in Limited Liability Partnerships”, page 
55, above.  
“Development Contract” 
means any building contract relating to the carrying out of 
any Development. 
“Development Project” 
means works in respect of any Obligor Property which: 
 
(a) 
constitute a Development the cost of which exceeds 
£10,000,000 (subject to Indexation) (but for this 
purpose only taking account of cost which is 
committed pursuant to building contracts which have 
been or are about to be entered into); or 
 
(b) 
are not works to which paragraph (a) above applies, 
but the Obligors have designated them as works to 
which this paragraph (b) is to apply; 
 
and (in either case) such works:

--- Page 418 ---
397 
 
 
(i) 
have not commenced but are the subject of a building 
contract to carry out the same; or 
 
(ii) 
are in progress; or 
 
(iii) 
have reached practical completion under the building 
contract or contracts for the same but the Obligor 
Property in question has not been revalued in a 
Valuation Report since the date of practical completion 
as aforesaid. 
“Development Test” 
means a test under the Common Terms Agreement to 
determine, inter alia, the extent to which certain amounts 
expended by the Obligors in respect of Development 
Projects in respect of Obligor Properties may be included in 
the calculation of Total Collateral Value. See “— 
Development”, page 136, above.  
“Disposal” 
means the sale, transfer, disposition, lease, declaration of 
trust or other method of disposal of any legal or beneficial 
interest in, or any right to receive income or capital from, any 
Mortgaged Property (other than by way of a Leasing 
Agreement) or any agreement to do any of the foregoing by 
an Obligor and includes any disposal of shares or other 
ownership interest in any company or other entity which 
owns any such interest in any Mortgaged Property (and 
includes, for the avoidance of doubt, any such transfer in 
connection with any dividend in specie made by any Obligor), 
and “Dispose” and “Disposed” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Disposal Proceeds 
Account” 
means an account designated as the “Disposal Proceeds 
Account”, held in the name of FinCo and maintained by the 
Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank and 
Cash Management Agreement, or such other account so 
designated in FinCo’s name as may be opened, with the 
consent of the Obligor Security Trustee, at any branch of the 
Account Bank or at an Eligible Bank in replacement of such 
account. 
“Disposal Tax” 
means, in summary, at any time, the liability to Tax that would 
arise to any member or members of the Security Group in 
respect of one or more disposals of real property assets or 
shares in companies (including the liability to Tax that could 
arise on the crystallisation of any Degrouping Charge), the 
amount thereof in relation to any particular disposal to be 
computed in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant.

--- Page 419 ---
398 
 
“Disposal Threshold Value” 
means the Market Value of any Mortgaged Property which 
is, or is to be, the subject of a Disposal as of (a) the Mortgage 
Date; (b) (if applicable) the date of the last Ratings 
Affirmation; or (c) if such Mortgaged Property is a Post-
Division Property, an amount equal to A x (B÷C), where “A” 
equals the Market Value of the relevant Undivided Property 
as of the Mortgage Date for such Undivided Property, “B” 
equals the Market Value of such Post-Division Property and 
“C” equals the aggregate Market Values of all Post-Division 
Properties into which such Undivided Property was split. 
“Disposals Threshold” 
means, at any time, (i) if the T1 Covenant Regime applies, 
30% of the Market Value of the Estate or (ii) if the T1 
Covenant Regime does not apply, 20% of the Market Value 
of the Estate, provided that in each case the Market Value of 
the Estate (for these purposes only) shall be the aggregate 
of: 
 
(a) 
the Market Value of the Estate as shown in the 
Valuation Report on the Estate immediately before the 
most recent (as at the time of assessment of the 
Disposals Threshold) Ratings Affirmation; and 
 
(b) 
the aggregate Market Value of any Mortgaged 
Properties introduced into the Estate after the issue of 
the Initial Valuation Report or, as the case may be, the 
date of the most recent Ratings Affirmation (the Market 
Value of which shall be taken by reference to the 
Valuation Report(s) upon which the introduction 
thereof was based or (as the case may be) by 
reference to the Valuation Report in respect of the 
Estate 
immediately 
before 
the 
last 
Ratings 
Affirmation); and 
 
(c) 
if there are any Development Projects as at the time 
of assessment of the Disposals Threshold, the 
aggregate of development costs spent in respect 
thereof since, in the case of each relevant 
Development Project, the date of the relevant 
Valuation Report relating to the Mortgaged Property in 
question as ascertained by reference to sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) above (as the case may be). 
“Dormant Obligor” 
means any Obligor which no longer holds any Mortgaged 
Property or other real estate assets, any shares in any 
Obligor which is not a Dormant Obligor or any Obligor 
Account and which is not a party in the capacity of primary 
debtor (other than as a result of its obligations under the

--- Page 420 ---
399 
 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed) to any ACF 
Agreement. 
“DPA Prepayment Provision” 
means the provision of the Common Terms Agreement that 
requires the Obligors to use certain amounts standing to the 
credit of the Disposal Proceeds Account to Prepay Non-
Contingent Loans, as described in “— Disposal and 
Insurance Proceeds”, page 155, above. 
“Due Diligence Legal 
Reports” 
means the Certificates of Title and the Title Overview Report 
described in “— Investigations of Title”, page 55, above.  
“Early Redemption Premium 
ICL Loan” 
means (i) any Floating Rate ICL Loan which is a Revolving 
ICL Loan, (ii) any Floating Rate ICL Loan the principal 
amount outstanding of which is subject to adjustment and (iii) 
any ICL Loan not referred to in paragraphs (i) or (ii) which is 
not a Floating Rate ICL Loan. 
“ECP Programme” 
means the unsecured euro-commercial paper programme 
utilised by Land Securities PLC from time to time. 
“Eligible Bank” 
means an authorised institution under the FSMA which 
meets the Minimum Short Term Ratings and the Minimum 
Long Term Ratings. 
“Eligible Investments” 
means: 
 
(a) 
sterling gilt-edged securities; 
 
(b) 
sterling demand or time deposits, certificates of 
deposit, 
short-term 
debt 
obligations 
(including 
commercial paper), money market funds or equivalent 
investments in respect of which the relevant debtor or 
guarantor has the Minimum Short Term Rating (and, 
in relation to money market funds and equivalent 
investments, 
the 
long 
term 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of 
the relevant debtor or guarantor are rated not less than 
Aaa by Moody’s, should it be a Rating Agency); and 
 
(c) 
euro demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit, 
short-term debt obligations (including commercial 
paper), 
money 
market 
funds 
or 
equivalent 
investments in respect of which the relevant debtor or 
guarantor has the Minimum Short Term Rating (and, 
in relation to money market funds and equivalent 
investments, 
the 
long 
term 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of

--- Page 421 ---
400 
 
the relevant debtor or guarantor are rated not less than 
Aaa by Moody’s, should it be a Rating Agency), 
 
provided that: 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, such investments have 
maturity dates falling not later than one year after the 
date of acquisition thereof or are callable on demand; 
 
(ii) 
in the case of investments acquired with funds 
standing to the credit of any DCA Ledger, such 
investments have maturity dates which are no later 
than the last scheduled payment date of the relevant 
Non-Contingent Loan; 
 
(iii) 
in the case of the investments referred to in paragraph 
(ii) above, the aggregate principal amount of such 
investments does not exceed the aggregate principal 
amount of euro-denominated Financial Indebtedness 
which is not hedged into sterling; and 
 
(iv) 
in the case of the investments referred to in 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, if such investments have 
a term to maturity of more than six months from the 
date of acquisition thereof, the relevant debtor or 
guarantor also has the Minimum Long Term Ratings 
from Moody’s, should it be a Rating Agency. 
“Eligible Obligor” 
means: 
 
(a) 
a company which is resident for tax purposes in the 
United Kingdom and incorporated in England and 
Wales, Scotland or Jersey; or 
 
(b) 
any other entity established under the laws of England 
and Wales or Scotland and resident for tax purposes 
in the United Kingdom in respect of which (1) legal 
(including as to insolvency and security) opinions 
satisfactory to the Rating Agencies can (on the basis 
of applicable laws and the interpretation thereof) be 
given in respect of, among other things, its ownership 
(were it to be an Obligor) of Mortgaged Properties and 
(2) a tax opinion (or tax opinions) satisfactory to the 
Rating Agencies can be given to the Obligor Security 
Trustee, the Note Trustee and the Dealers addressing 
relevant tax issues arising from the introduction into

--- Page 422 ---
401 
 
the Security Group of such proposed Obligor and its 
intended activities; 
 
(c) 
any company or other entity incorporated or 
established in an Approved Jurisdiction and tax-
resident in that same Approved Jurisdiction; or 
 
(d) 
any limited liability partnership established under the 
Limited Liability Partnerships Act 2000 which is 
managed in an Approved Jurisdiction. 
“Eligible Property” 
means any freehold, leasehold or heritable property or other 
real estate. 
“Encumbrance” 
means: 
 
(a) 
a 
mortgage, 
charge, 
security, 
pledge, 
lien, 
assignment, standard security, assignation or other 
encumbrance securing any obligation of any person or 
any agreement or arrangement having a similar effect 
(including 
any 
title 
transfer 
and 
retention 
arrangement); or 
 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to, or 
the benefit of, a bank or other account of an Obligor 
may be applied, set off or made subject to a 
combination of accounts so as to effect the discharge 
of any sum owed or payable to any person. 
“Enforcement Action” 
means any action, other than the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice or a Loan Acceleration Notice, to 
enforce the Obligor Security held by the Obligor Security 
Trustee and/or to preserve any of the rights of the Obligor 
Security Trustee and/or any Obligor Secured Creditor 
(including the appointment and/or removal of any Receiver 
in respect of the Obligor Security held by the Obligor Security 
Trustee and (if such Receiver is appointed) instructing the 
Receiver to take or not take such action) and the release of 
any assets (over which the Note Trustee has appointed an 
administrative receiver) from the STID Floating Security 
upon enforcement of the OFCA Floating Security. 
“Enforcement Period” 
means any period following the delivery of a Loan 
Enforcement Notice, provided that, if any Loan Enforcement 
Notice is delivered in respect of a P2 Trigger Event and any 
Receiver appointed in respect of such P2 Trigger Event is 
removed pursuant to “– Removal of a Receiver” page 148

--- Page 423 ---
402 
 
above, the Enforcement Period shall end on the date on 
which such Receiver is removed. 
“Enforcement Trigger Event” 
means an event which would entitle the Obligor Security 
Trustee to take Enforcement Action or certain Qualifying 
Debtholders to vote on whether to take any Enforcement 
Action as listed in the section entitled “— Loan Enforcement 
Notice and Enforcement Action”, page 189, above. 
“English Property” 
means any one or more of the Mortgaged Properties or 
(depending on the context) proposed Mortgaged Properties 
which are located in England and Wales. 
“Enterprise Act” 
means the Enterprise Act 2002. 
“Environment” 
means air (including air within buildings or other natural or 
man made structures whether above or below ground), land 
(including any buildings or other permanent structures on, in 
or below the land), water (including water within buildings or 
other natural or man-made structures), flora, fauna and 
humans. 
“Environmental Action” 
means any civil, criminal, regulatory or administrative 
proceedings, suit, action or formal written notice to which the 
relevant Obligor is subject pursuant to Environmental Law. 
“Environmental 
Contamination” 
means (i) the presence or release, emission, leakage or 
spillage of any Dangerous Substance at, or their migration 
from, any site owned or occupied by the Obligors into any 
part of the Environment or (ii) any accident, fire, explosion or 
sudden event at any site owned, occupied or used by any 
Obligor which is directly or indirectly caused by or attributable 
to any Dangerous Substance, in each case which causes or 
is likely to cause a significant risk of harm or damage to the 
Environment. 
“Environmental Law” 
means all directly applicable European, national or local 
statutes, statutory instruments, regulations, directives, 
statutory guidance and regulatory codes of practice and 
common law concerning the protection of the Environment 
which are capable of enforcement by legal process. 
“Environmental Permit” 
means any permit, licence, authorisation or consent required 
or issued under Environmental Law. 
“Environmental Reports” 
means:

--- Page 424 ---
403 
 
 
(a) 
the 
environmental 
risk 
assessment 
reports 
undertaken by Messrs Watts and Partners in respect 
of 15 of the Mortgaged Properties and dated 23 
September 2004; and 
 
(b) 
the reports on any environmental search, risk 
assessment or other investigation in relation to any 
Additional Mortgaged Property disclosed to the 
Valuers. 
“ESMA” 
means the European Securities and Markets Authority 
“Estate” 
means on any date all of the Mortgaged Properties on such 
date. 
“EU CRA Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009. 
“EU MiFID II” 
means Directive 2014/65/EU. 
“EU PRIIPs Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014. 
“EU Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
“Euroclear” 
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
“Euronext Dublin” 
means the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin. 
“EUWA” 
means the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
“Exchange Date” 
means 3 November 2004. 
“Exchange Event” 
means: 
 
(a) 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so and no other clearing 
system acceptable to the Note Trustee is then in 
existence; or 
 
(b) 
as a result of any amendment to, or a change in laws 
or regulations of the United Kingdom (or of any 
political subdivision thereof) or of any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax or in the interpretation 
or administration of such laws or regulations which 
becomes effective on or after the Exchange Date, the

--- Page 425 ---
404 
 
Issuer or any Paying Agent is or will be required to 
make any withholding or deduction from any payment 
in respect of such Notes which would not be required 
were such Notes in definitive form. 
“Existing ACF Agreements” 
means each of the ACF Agreements (as amended from time 
to time) dated 29 March 2018, 9 August 2018, 1 November 
2018, 25 January 2019 and 19 February 2019 entered into 
between, inter alios, FinCo and certain ACF Providers. See 
“— Existing ACF Agreements”, page 24, above. 
“Existing ACF Loans” 
means the ACF Loans made to FinCo under the relevant 
Existing ACF Agreements. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” 
has the meaning given to it in the Conditions. 
“Facility Agent” 
means an agent in respect of (i) a syndicated facility under 
which ACF Loans will or may be provided under an ACF 
Agreement or (ii) a Liquidity Facility. 
“Fees and Expenses” 
means, in respect of any Facility Agent, the Note Trustee, the 
Obligor Security Trustee, any Receiver, any Paying Agent, 
any Transfer Agent, the Registrar, any Class R Agent, the 
Agent Bank, any Property Manager, any Replacement Cash 
Manager or any Replacement Servicer, any fees, costs, 
expenses, other remuneration and indemnity payments 
payable to such person (in that capacity) which are due and 
payable. 
“Final T3 Covenant Regime” 
means the covenant regime that will apply under the 
Common Terms Agreement if any of the Initial T3 Thresholds 
are breached at the relevant time. See “— Determining the 
Applicable Covenant Regime”, page 133, and “— Applicable 
Covenants”, page 135, above.  
“Final T3 Covenants” 
means the covenants so designated and set out in the 
Common Terms Agreement, as described in “— Final T3 
Covenants”, page 152, above. 
“Final Terms” 
means the final terms issued in relation to each Sub-Class of 
Notes which completes the Conditions and giving details of 
such Sub-Class and, where the context requires or permits, 
includes a Pricing Supplement for any Notes issued before 1 
July 2005. 
“Financial Covenant” 
means the covenant described in “— Financial Covenant”, 
page 136, above.

--- Page 426 ---
405 
 
“Financial Half-Year” 
means the period from and including 1 April 2005 and ending 
30 September 2005 and thereafter each six-month period 
ending on 30 September or 31 March of each year (or, if the 
Security Group should alter its accounting reference period, 
the last day of each such period and the date falling six 
months after each such day). 
“Financial Indebtedness” 
means any indebtedness incurred by an Obligor in respect 
of: 
 
(a) 
the principal amount, mandatory premia (excluding 
any prepayment premia) and any capitalised element 
(including rolled-up interest and accreted capital but 
excluding any amount representing issue costs and 
other fees), of money borrowed or raised, whether or 
not for cash (including in respect of any debenture, 
bond, loan stock, commercial paper or similar debt 
instrument and debit balances at banks) provided, for 
the avoidance of doubt, that the principal amount that 
is to be taken into account at any date shall not exceed 
the principal amount that would be payable on that 
date were the relevant debt to be accelerated; 
 
(b) 
liabilities in respect of any letter of credit, standby letter 
of credit, Performance Bond, acceptance credit, bill 
discounting or note purchase facility and any 
receivables 
purchase, 
factoring 
or 
discounting 
arrangements; 
 
(c) 
rental or hire payments under any contract between a 
lessor and a lessee treated as a finance lease in 
accordance with the Applicable Accounting Principles 
but excluding liabilities under any lease of property 
treated as a finance lease (in accordance with 
Applicable Accounting 
Principles) 
or 
otherwise 
capitalised; 
 
(d) 
the unconditional deferred purchase price of assets or 
services (excluding any retention or withholding from 
such purchase price entered into or arising in the 
ordinary course of business), where in each case both 
the primary intention for which and the commercial 
effect thereof was borrowing money; 
 
(e) 
the mark-to-market value at inception of any foreign 
exchange agreement, Swap Transaction or other 
derivative transaction or similar arrangement which in

--- Page 427 ---
406 
 
each case has, at its inception, the commercial effect 
of borrowing; 
 
(f) 
all unconditional obligations to purchase, redeem, 
retire, defease or otherwise acquire for value any 
share capital of any person pursuant to transactions 
the primary intention for which and the commercial 
effect of which is the borrowing of money; 
 
(g) 
the right of reimbursement that a party to a forward 
funding agreement, entered into with such Obligor, 
has (if any) in respect of its contributions under such 
agreement if such Obligor’s primary intention in 
entering into, and the commercial effect of, such 
agreement is the borrowing of money; 
 
(h) 
any other transactions of a similar nature to those 
referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g) above where 
borrowing is the primary purpose; and 
 
(i) 
all Financial Indebtedness of other persons (other 
than an Obligor) of the kinds referred to in paragraphs 
(a) to (h) above guaranteed or indemnified by an 
Obligor (or having the commercial effect of being 
guaranteed or indemnified by such Obligor, where 
such commercial effect is the primary purpose of the 
relevant transaction), 
 
but excludes: 
 
(1) 
Rental Loans and Servicer Loans (to the extent of 
funds standing to the credit of a Collection Account); 
 
(2) 
amounts owed to the Account Bank (to the extent of 
the Aggregate Credit Balance); 
 
(3) 
any amounts of indebtedness (whether actual or 
contingent) owed by one Obligor to another Obligor; 
 
(4) 
any preference share or other form of share capital, or 
partnership interest, even if accounted for as a liability 
in accordance with the Applicable Accounting 
Principles; and 
 
(5) 
without double counting, any indebtedness of any 
Obligor, to the extent that the Obligor has given 
irrevocable instructions to the Account Bank to repay 
or prepay such indebtedness from a Collection

--- Page 428 ---
407 
 
Account or an Operating Account and, but for a 
technical or administrative error in the transmission of 
funds only, such indebtedness would have been 
repaid or prepaid at the relevant time. 
“Financial Quarter Date” 
means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December 
in any year. 
“Financial SPV Obligor” 
means any Additional Obligor established for the primary 
purpose of acting as a financing vehicle for the Security 
Group and which complies with the obligation of a Financial 
SPV Obligor to have only the Permitted Business specified 
in the paragraph of the definition thereof. 
“Financial Year” 
means: 
 
(a) 
the period commencing on the Exchange Date and 
ending on 31 March 2005; and 
 
(b) 
thereafter, each period of one year ending on 31 
March in each year, 
 
or if the financial year as defined in section 223 of the 
Companies Act 1985 is changed by the Security Group each 
period of one year (or less) ending on the last day of such 
financial year of the Security Group from time to time as 
notified to the Obligor Security Trustee. 
“FinCo” 
means LS Property Finance Company Limited, a private 
limited company incorporated under the laws of England and 
Wales with registered number 5163698 and whose 
registered office is at 100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL.
“Fitch” 
means Fitch Ratings Limited or its successor by way of name 
change or merger from time to time. 
“Fixed Rate ICL Loan” 
means any advance by the Issuer to FinCo under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement with a fixed rate of interest 
(save, in certain cases, for the final two years of its tenor, 
which shall be ignored in construing this definition). 
“Fixed Rate Notes” 
means Notes which carry a fixed rate of interest and are 
designated as such in the relevant Final Terms (save, in 
certain cases, for the final two years of its tenor, which shall 
be ignored in construing this definition).

--- Page 429 ---
408 
 
“Floating Rate ACF Loan” 
means any advance by an ACF Provider to an Obligor under 
an ACF Agreement with a floating rate of interest. 
“Floating Rate ICL Loan” 
means any advance by the Issuer to FinCo under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement with a floating rate of interest.
“Floating Rate Loans” 
means the Floating Rate ICL Loans and the Floating Rate 
ACF Loans. 
“Floating Rate Notes” 
means Notes which carry a floating rate of interest and are 
designated as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Forfeiture Risk Property” 
means any leasehold property which would otherwise be a 
Mortgaged Property but for receipt by an Obligor of any 
notice or threat of intended forfeiture proceedings in relation 
to that property on account of the charge under the Obligor 
Security having been granted without landlord consent. 
“foreign financial institution” 
has, in respect of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
commonly known as FATCA, the meaning given to it by 
FATCA. 
“foreign passthru payments” 
means, in relation to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, certain 
payments it made by a foreign financial institution (as defined 
by FATCA) in which it may be required to withhold tax. 
“Form of Transfer” 
means the form of transfer endorsed on an Individual Note 
Certificate in the form or substantially in the form set out in 
Part A of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed, in the case of a Rule 
144A Individual Note Certificate and in the form or 
substantially in the form set out in Part C of Schedule 2 to 
the Trust Deed, in the case of a Regulation S Individual Note 
Certificate. 
“Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period” 
means, in relation to any Calculation Date, the period of 12 
months occurring immediately after that date. 
“FSMA” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended. 
“Further ACF Agreement” 
means any agreement, which is entered into after the 
Exchange Date and which meets certain criteria set out in 
the Common Terms Agreement, for the provision of bank or 
other third party funding to the Obligors or pursuant to which 
the Obligors may incur Secured Financial Indebtedness by 
way of loan guarantees or Performance Bonds (including, for

--- Page 430 ---
409 
 
the avoidance of doubt, the Existing ACF Agreements). See 
“— Further ACF Agreements”, page 104, above. 
“Further ACF Loan” 
means an ACF Loan other than an Initial ACF Loan. 
“Further ACF Provider” 
means each person who executes a Creditor Accession 
Deed in such capacity (provided that such deed is 
countersigned by the Obligor Security Trustee). 
“Further Credit Assets” or 
“FCAs” 
bears the meaning given to that term in “— Additional 
Mortgaged Properties”, page 90, above. 
“Further ICL Loan” 
means an ICL Loan other than an Initial ICL Loan. 
“Further Priority 1 Debt” 
means any Financial Indebtedness of any of the Obligors 
which is incurred after the Exchange Date in compliance with 
the Common Terms Agreement and which is attributed the 
Debt Rank of “Priority 1 Debt” in accordance with the 
provisions described in the section entitled “— Ranking of 
Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above. 
“General Tax Reserve 
Account” 
means the account designated as the “General Tax Reserve 
Account”, held in the name of FinCo and maintained by the 
Account Bank pursuant to the Account Bank and Cash 
Management Agreement, or any other such account so 
designated in the name of FinCo as may be opened, with the 
consent of the Obligor Security Trustee, at any branch of the 
Account Bank or at an Eligible Bank in replacement of such 
account. 
“Geographic Concentration 
Limit” 
means a limit imposed by the Common Terms Agreement on 
the percentage of Total Collateral Value that may be 
attributed to any particular Region. See “— Geographic 
diversity – negative covenant”, page 138, above.  
“Global Note” 
means a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global 
Note, as the context may require. 
“Global Note Certificate” 
means, in relation to any Series, any Rule 144A Global Note 
Certificate, Regulation S Global Note Certificate or any Non-
DR Global Note Certificate in or substantially in the forms set 
out in Schedule 2 of the Trust Deed. 
“Government Tenant” 
means the Crown or a Secretary of State or other Minister of 
the Crown, appointed on behalf of the Crown in order to 
perform the functions of the Crown, or any body corporate, 
agency or other body whose obligations, pursuant to relevant

--- Page 431 ---
410 
 
Leasing Agreements, are directly guaranteed to the relevant 
Obligors by or in the name of the Crown. 
“Green Bonds” 
means a series of Notes, the net proceeds of which will be 
used to finance and/or refinance Green Projects. 
“Green Projects” 
means projects and activities that promote climate-friendly 
and/or other environmental purposes or sustainable or social 
activities (either in those words or otherwise). 
“Guarantees” 
means the guarantees and indemnities granted by the 
Obligors under the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, 
described in “— Covenants to pay and Guarantees”, page 
171, above. 
“Headroom Tests” 
means the P1 Headroom Test, the P2 Headroom Test, the 
SD Headroom Test and the UD Headroom Test. 
“Hedging Covenant” 
means the covenant set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement regarding the entry into Swap Transactions by 
the Obligors, described in “— Swap Agreements and 
Hedging Covenant”, page 113 above. 
“Historical Calculation 
Period” 
means, in respect of a Calculation Date, the period of 12 
months which ends on (and includes) such Calculation Date.
“Historical EBITDA” 
means, in respect of any Historical Calculation Period, the 
consolidated or pro forma consolidated operating profit of the 
Security Group (taking into account changes in its 
composition) for that period calculated in accordance with 
the Applicable Accounting Principles (but including for the 
avoidance of doubt any releases from the Income 
Replacement Account), but before: 
 
any Historical Interest Charges; 
 
any amount attributable to amortisation of goodwill or other 
intangible assets or the amortisation or the writing off of 
acquisition or refinancing costs and any deduction for 
depreciation of assets; and 
 
(c) 
any accrued tax for such Historical Calculation Period 
in respect of all amounts and items included in or 
taken into account in calculating that consolidated 
operating profit and before any adjustments to 
deferred tax assets or liabilities in that period,

--- Page 432 ---
411 
 
 
and excluding: 
 
(i) 
fair value adjustments or impairment charges (to the 
extent they involve no payment of cash); 
 
(ii) 
items that would be treated as extraordinary or 
exceptional income or charges under the Applicable 
Accounting Principles for such Historical Calculation 
Period; 
 
(iii) 
any amount attributable to the writing up or writing 
down of any assets of any Obligor after the Exchange 
Date or, in the case of an Obligor becoming such after 
the Exchange Date, after the date of its becoming 
such and, in each case, in respect of such Historical 
Calculation Period; 
 
(iv) 
any non-cash amount attributed to share-based 
payments; 
 
(v) 
any other non-cash items, including any change in the 
mark-to-market value of any derivative transaction 
(but not so as to exclude UITF 28 as it affects any rent-
free periods relating to tenancies granted by or to the 
Obligors, accruals and prepayments relating to rental 
income and operating expenses and specific bad debt 
provisions); 
 
(vi) 
any amounts attributable to the disposal of any 
properties or other assets during such Historical 
Calculation Period; and 
 
(vii) 
any operating profit or loss attributable to an Obligor 
for any period during such Historical Calculation 
Period for which such Obligor was not under Common 
Control. 
“Historical ICR” 
means, as of any Calculation Date, the ratio of the Historical 
EBITDA to the Historical Interest Charges in respect of the 
Historical Calculation Period in respect of such Calculation 
Date. 
“Historical ICR Event” 
means, in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Date, that 
both of the following conditions are satisfied: 
 
the Historical ICR calculated as of that date falls below any 
Tier Threshold and the Projected ICR calculated in respect

--- Page 433 ---
412 
 
of the same Calculation Period exceeded that same Tier 
Threshold; and 
 
the Historical ICR calculated as of the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Calculation Date fell below any Tier Threshold 
and the Projected ICR calculated in respect of the same 
Calculation Period exceeded that same Tier Threshold. 
“Historical Interest Charges” 
means, in relation to a Historical Calculation Period: 
 
(a) 
without double-counting, the accrued cost of interest 
on Financial Indebtedness of the Security Group 
(excluding any non-cash items, front end fees 
(whether or not amortised) and exceptional and 
extraordinary items but after taking account of any 
relevant hedging) for such Historical Calculation 
Period; 
less: 
 
(b) 
without double-counting, any interest receivable by 
any member of the Security Group from a third party 
over the relevant Historical Calculation Period other 
than interest on the Income Replacement Account but 
including interest on amounts standing to the credit of 
the Liquidity Ledger. 
“HoldCo” 
means Land Securities Intermediate Limited. 
“ICL Loan” 
means an advance by the Issuer made to FinCo under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement from the proceeds of issue of 
Notes. 
“ICL Loan Payment Dates” 
means, in relation to each ICL Loan, the dates falling on or 
before (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Note 
Payment Dates in respect of the Notes to which the ICL Loan 
relates. 
“ICR” 
means the Historical ICR or the Projected ICR. 
“IFRS” 
means International Financial Reporting Standards. 
“IGAs” 
means, in relation to FATCA, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA. 
“Income Replacement 
Account” 
means the account designated as the “Income Replacement 
Account” held in the name of FinCo and maintained by the 
Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank and

--- Page 434 ---
413 
 
Cash Management Agreement, or such other account as 
may be opened, with the consent of the Obligor Security 
Trustee, at any branch of the Account Bank or at an Eligible 
Bank in replacement of such account. 
“Index Event” 
has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8(d)(i) 
(Optional Redemption for Index Events). 
“Index Ratio” 
has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7(a)(i) 
(Definitions). 
“Indexation” 
of any figure expressed to be subject thereto means that 
figure multiplied by the higher of 1 and the fraction A/B, 
where 
 
“A” is the Total Collateral Value calculated as at the latest 
Scheduled Calculation Date falling on the last day of the 
most recently completed Financial Year and rounded down 
to the nearest whole multiple of £500,000,000; and 
“B” is £6,500,000,000. 
“Indexed Notes” 
means Notes (other than Class R Notes) in respect of which 
the amount payable in respect of principal and interest is 
calculated by reference to an index as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree, and are designated as such in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Individual Note Certificate” 
means any Rule 144A Individual Note Certificate, Regulation 
S Note Certificate or any Non-DR Individual Note Certificate 
in or substantially in the forms set out in Schedule 2 to the 
Trust Deed. 
“Industrial Sector” 
means the use of a Mortgaged Property primarily for 
industrial purposes within Use Classes B1 or B2 or B8 of the 
Use Classes Order 1987. 
“Initial ACF Agreement” 
means the authorised credit facility agreement dated 3 
November 2004 and entered into between, inter alios, FinCo 
and the Initial ACF Providers (as amended). The Initial ACF 
Agreement was repaid and cancelled in full on 30 August 
2006. 
“Initial ACF Loans” 
means the ACF Loans made to FinCo on or about the 
Exchange Date under the Initial ACF Agreement.

--- Page 435 ---
414 
 
“Initial ACF Providers” 
means the providers of lending facilities under the Initial ACF 
Agreement and “Initial ACF Provider” means any one of 
them. 
“Initial ICL Loan” 
means an advance made by the Issuer to FinCo under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement funded using the proceeds of 
issue of a Sub-Class of the Initial Notes. 
“Initial Issuer Account” 
means the account designated as the “Initial Issuer Account”, 
held in the name of the Issuer and maintained with the 
Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank and 
Cash Management Agreement, or such other account so 
designated as may be opened, with the consent of the 
Obligor Security Trustee, at any branch of the Account Bank 
or at an Eligible Bank in replacement of such account. 
“Initial Nominees” 
means those companies specified as such in Schedule 1 
(Details of Obligors as at the Date of this Base Prospectus) 
“Initial Notes” 
means the seven Sub-Classes of Class A Notes issued by 
the Issuer on the Exchange Date to Land Securities PLC. 
“Initial Priority 1 Debt” 
means any Financial Indebtedness of FinCo in respect of the 
Initial ICL Loans and the Initial ACF Loans. 
“Initial RM Properties” 
means the properties, owned by Relevant Members, which 
are included in the Day One Estate. 
“Initial Standard Securities” 
means each first ranking standard security in terms of the 
Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970 
granted over a Scottish Property substantially in the form set 
out in a Schedule to the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed, entered into on or about the Exchange Date. 
“Initial T3 Covenant Regime” 
means the covenant regime that will apply under the 
Common Terms Agreement if any of the T2 Thresholds, but 
none of the Initial T3 Thresholds, are breached at the 
relevant time. See “— Determining the Applicable Covenant 
Regime”, page 133, and “— Applicable Covenants”, page 
135, above. 
“Initial T3 Covenants” 
means the covenants described in “— Initial T3 Covenants”, 
page 150, above.  
“Initial T3 Threshold” 
means (i) in respect of the LTV and the Additional LTV, 80% 
and (ii) in respect of the Historical ICR, the Pro Forma

--- Page 436 ---
415 
 
Historical ICR, the Projected ICR and the Additional 
Projected ICR, 1.20:1. 
“Initial Valuation Report” 
means the valuation report dated 2 November 2004 issued 
by Knight Frank LLP in respect of the Initial Estate. 
“Insolvency Act” 
means the Insolvency Act 1986, as amended. 
“Insurance Distribution 
Directive” 
means Directive (EU) 2016/97. 
“Insurance Policies” 
means all liability and material damage policies from time to 
time effected in respect of any of the Mortgaged Properties. 
“Intellectual Property 
Release” 
means, in respect of any Intellectual Property Right, a deed, 
agreement or other document that, upon the due execution 
thereof by the Obligor Security Trustee and the completion 
of such other formalities as may be required, is effective to 
release or re-convey to the relevant Obligor the entire 
security interest in respect of such Intellectual Property Right 
held by the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and on behalf 
of the other Obligor Secured Creditors) under the Obligor 
Transaction Documents. 
“Intellectual Property Rights” 
means copyright, patents, database rights and rights in 
know-how, trade marks, get-up and the theme and formatting 
of trading outlets, and registered designs and design rights 
(each whether registered or unregistered), applications for 
registration and the right to apply for registration for any of 
the foregoing, any licence in respect of any of the foregoing, 
and all other intellectual property rights and equivalent or 
similar forms of protection existing anywhere in the world. 
“Intercompany Loan 
Agreement” 
means the intercompany loan agreement dated 3 November 
2004 and entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer, FinCo 
and the Note Trustee. 
“Interest Commencement 
Date” 
means, in the case of interest-bearing Notes, the date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms from (and including) 
which such Notes bear interest, which may or may not be the 
Issue Date. 
“Intermediate Valuation 
Report” 
means a report setting out the Market Value of one or more 
Mortgaged Properties by a Valuer (other than a Valuation 
Report on the Estate), which report has been prepared since 
the most recent Valuation Report on the Estate.

--- Page 437 ---
416 
 
“Intra-Security Group 
Disposal” 
means the Disposal of a Mortgaged Property or Obligor from 
one Obligor to another Obligor. 
“Investor Report” 
means each of the reports required to be delivered by the 
Obligors on each Reporting Date pursuant to the Common 
Terms Agreement, as described in “— Investor Reports”, 
page 145, above.  
“Irish Paying Agent” 
means Apex Fund Services (Ireland) Limited, acting through 
its office at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street 
Lower, Dublin D01 P767, or such other entity or entities 
appointed as paying agent in Ireland from time to time, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement. 
“ISDA” 
means the International Swap and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. 
“Issue Date” 
means the date of issue of any Notes. 
“Issue Price” 
means, in relation to any Notes, the price as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms, generally expressed as a percentage 
of the nominal amount of the Notes, at which such Notes will 
be issued. 
“Issuer” 
means Land Securities Capital Markets PLC, a public 
company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of 
England and Wales with registered number 5193511 and 
whose registered office is at 100 Victoria Street, London 
SW1E 5JL. 
“Issuer Accounts” 
means: 
 
the Initial Issuer Account; and 
 
(b) 
any other account designated as an “Issuer Account”, 
held in the name of the Issuer and maintained with the 
Account Bank pursuant to the terms of the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement and opened, 
with the consent of the Note Trustee, at any branch of 
the Account Bank or at an Eligible Bank for the 
purpose of making payments in currencies other than 
sterling. 
“Issuer Deed of Charge” 
means the deed of charge dated 3 November 2004 and 
entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and the Note 
Trustee.

--- Page 438 ---
417 
 
“Issuer Event of Default” 
means any of the events listed in Condition 11 (Issuer Events 
of Default). 
“Issuer Payment Priorities” 
means the Issuer Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments or, 
as applicable, the Issuer Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
“Issuer Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments” 
means the payment priorities for the Issuer applicable post-
enforcement of the Issuer Security, as contained in the Issuer 
Deed of Charge. 
“Issuer Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments” 
means the payment priorities for the Issuer which are 
applicable pre-enforcement of the Issuer Security, as 
contained in the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
“Issuer Secured Creditors” 
means the Note Trustee, the Noteholders, any receiver 
appointed under the Issuer Deed of Charge, the Account 
Bank, the Cash Manager and any Replacement Cash 
Manager (so long as they are not members of the Landsec 
Group), the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Paying 
Agents, the Agent Bank and any other creditors who accede 
to the Issuer Deed of Charge from time to time in accordance 
with the terms thereof. 
“Issuer Secured Liabilities” 
has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4 (Security 
and Relationship with Issuer Secured Creditors). 
“Issuer Deed of Charge” 
means the deed of charge dated 3 November 2004 and 
entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and the Note 
Trustee. 
“Issuer Security” 
means the security interests created by the Issuer pursuant 
to the Issuer Deed of Charge. 
“Issuer Transaction 
Documents” 
means: 
 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus (including all documents 
incorporated by reference into it) and any supplement 
to the Base Prospectus; 
 
(b) 
the Notes and any Final Terms relating to the Notes; 
 
(c) 
the Trust Deed; 
 
(d) 
the Note Subscription Agreement;

--- Page 439 ---
418 
 
 
(e) 
the Dealership Agreement; 
 
(f) 
any Class R Underwriting Agreement; 
 
(g) 
the Agency Agreement; 
 
(h) 
the Issuer Deed of Charge; 
 
(i) 
the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement;
 
(j) 
the Servicing Agreement; 
 
(k) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant; 
 
(l) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
 
(m) 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed; 
 
(n) 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
 
(o) 
the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement; and 
 
(p) 
any other agreement, instrument or deed designated 
as such by the Issuer and the Note Trustee. 
“JerseyCo” 
means an Obligor that is a company incorporated in Jersey. 
“Landsec Group” 
means the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Land Securities 
Group PLC (including the Issuer and the Obligors). 
“Land Securities Group PLC” 
means Land Securities Group PLC, a public company listed 
on the London Stock Exchange with limited liability 
incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with 
registered number 4369054 and whose registered office is at 
100 Victoria Street, London SW1E 5JL. 
“Land Securities 
Information” 
means the information contained in “– Outstanding Debt 
Between the Security Group and the Non-Restricted Group”, 
page 83, above, Chapter 7 “FinCo”, page 240, Chapter 9 
“Main Obligors”, page 244, Chapter 10 “Landsec Group 
Business and Information regarding the Estate”, page 249, 
above and any other information relating to the business of 
Land Securities Group PLC and Land Securities PLC or any 
one or more Non-Restricted Group Entities or Security Group 
members.

--- Page 440 ---
419 
 
“Land Securities Intra-Group 
Funding Deed” 
is the deed described in “— Land Securities Intra-Group 
Funding Deed” page 228, above). 
“Latest Accounts” 
in respect of any Obligor, means that Obligor’s most recent 
annual audited financial statements then available (or, if such 
Obligor has become a member of the Security Group since 
the date of its last annual audited financial statements, any 
pro forma financial statements drawn up at the time it 
became an Obligor). 
“Lease Surrender” 
bears the same meaning as Surrender. 
“Leasing Agreement” 
means any lease, licence or other occupational agreement 
(or any agreement to enter into such a lease, licence or other 
occupational agreement in the future) to which a Mortgaged 
Property is subject, other than any lease, licence or other 
agreement pursuant to which all or some of the capital value 
of the relevant Mortgaged Property is transferred by the 
lessor to the lessee. 
“Leisure and Hotels Sector” 
means the use of a Mortgaged Property primarily for leisure 
purposes within Use Classes A3, A4, A5, C1, D2 or Sui 
Generis of the Use Classes Order 1987 (as amended). 
“Letting Criteria” 
means the criteria, set out in the Common Terms Agreement, 
that the Obligors are required to satisfy in respect of certain 
Leasing Agreements. See “— Leasing”, page 139, above. 
“Latest Accounts” 
in respect of any Obligor, means that Obligor’s most recent 
annual audited financial statements then available (or, if such 
Obligor has become a member of the Security Group since 
the date of its last annual audited financial statements, any 
pro forma financial statements drawn up at the time it 
became an Obligor). 
“Liquidity Downgrade Event” 
means a Liquidity Facility Provider’s short term, unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations ceasing 
to be rated at least the Minimum Short Term Ratings. 
“Liquidity Effective Date” 
means, in respect of any Liquidity Relevant Date: 
 
(a) 
if the Liquidity Threshold was breached (in the case of 
a Liquidity Threshold Initial Breach Date) or breached 
further (in the case of any other Liquidity Relevant 
Date) as of the Liquidity Relevant Date solely as a 
result of a fall in the Market Value of Mortgaged 
Properties and/or any other circumstances beyond the

--- Page 441 ---
420 
 
control of the Obligors, the date falling six months after 
such Liquidity Relevant Date; or 
 
(b) 
if the Liquidity Threshold was breached (in the case of 
a Liquidity Threshold Initial Breach Date) or breached 
further (in the case of any other Liquidity Relevant 
Date) as a result of, inter alia, one or more voluntary 
acts of the Obligors, the date falling two months after 
such Liquidity Relevant Date. 
See “— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, above. 
“Liquidity Event” 
means a Liquidity Downgrade Event or when a Liquidity 
Facility Provider declines to renew the commitment period of 
a Liquidity Facility and that Liquidity Facility Provider or 
FinCo is unable to put in place a replacement Liquidity 
Facility Provider which has the Minimum Short Term Ratings.
“Liquidity Facility” 
means the facility granted under a Liquidity Facility 
Agreement. 
“Liquidity Facility 
Agreement” 
means a liquidity facility agreement to assist the Obligors in 
making payments of interest on Financial Indebtedness and 
certain other items ranking prior thereto in the Security Group 
Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments, which shall be on 
customary market terms (including as to availability and the 
consequences of Liquidity Events) and entered into 
between, inter alios, FinCo, one or more Liquidity Facility 
Providers and the Obligor Security Trustee at any time. 
“Liquidity Facility Provider” 
means a provider of the Liquidity Facility under a Liquidity 
Facility Agreement. 
“Liquidity Facility Reserve 
Account” 
means any account so designated held in the name of FinCo 
and maintained at any branch of an Eligible Bank approved 
by the Obligor Security Trustee, for the purpose of providing 
a fund from which liquidity advances will be made if a 
Liquidity Event occurs under 
any Liquidity 
Facility 
Agreement. 
“Liquidity Facility 
Subordinated Amounts” 
means, in relation to a Liquidity Facility: 
 
(a) 
any increased costs payable by FinCo under the 
relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement save to the 
extent representing the cost of regulatory capital 
attributable to such Liquidity Facility; and

--- Page 442 ---
421 
 
 
(b) 
the aggregate of any amounts payable by FinCo to the 
relevant Liquidity Facility Provider in respect of its 
obligation to increase any payments made by it in 
respect of such Liquidity Facility as a result of FinCo 
being obliged to withhold or deduct an amount for or 
on account of tax from such payments. 
“Liquidity Ledger” 
means the sub-ledger of the same name established and 
maintained by the Cash Manager on behalf of the Obligors 
used to record deposits and withdrawals of certain amounts 
to and from the Income Replacement Account in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement and the Account Bank 
and Cash Management Agreement. See “— Income 
Replacement Account”, page 222, above.  
“Liquidity Prepayment 
Provision” 
means the provision of the Common Terms Agreement that 
requires the Obligors to Prepay Loans in accordance with the 
most recent Amortisation Schedule if the Obligors do not 
have the requisite amount standing to the credit of the 
Liquidity Ledger and/ or the requisite amount committed 
under Liquidity Facilities during any Liquidity Relevant Period 
in accordance with the Mandatory Liquidity Provisions. See 
"— Pursuant to the Mandatory Liquidity Provisions", page 
120, above. 
“Liquidity Relevant Date” 
means the Tier Test Determination Date or Additional Tier 
Determination Date for the Tier Test Calculation Date or 
Additional Calculation Date as of which the LTV breaches the 
Liquidity Threshold. 
“Liquidity Relevant Period” 
means, in respect of any Liquidity Relevant Date, the period 
between the Liquidity Effective Date immediately following 
such Liquidity Relevant Date and the first Tier Test 
Calculation Date or Additional Calculation Date as of which 
the Liquidity Threshold is not breached. See “— Mandatory 
Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, above. 
“Liquidity Threshold” 
means, in respect of the LTV calculated pursuant to either 
the Tier Tests or the Additional Tier Tests, 56%. See “— 
Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, above. 
“Liquidity Threshold Initial 
Breach Date” 
means a Liquidity Relevant Date if the Liquidity Threshold 
was not breached as of the Tier Test Calculation Date or 
Additional Calculation Date immediately preceding such 
Liquidity Relevant Date. See “— Mandatory Liquidity 
Provisions”, page 112, above.

--- Page 443 ---
422 
 
“Loan Acceleration Notice” 
means a notice delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee 
pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed by 
which the Obligor Security Trustee declares that all Secured 
Obligations shall be Accelerated. 
“Loan Enforcement Notice” 
means a notice delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee 
pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed by 
which the Obligor Security held by the Obligor Security 
Trustee becomes enforceable. 
“Loan Payment Date” 
means either an ICL Loan Payment Date or an ACF Loan 
Payment Date. 
“Loans” 
means ICL Loans and ACF Loans. 
“Lower Ranking Notes” 
means, in relation to any Class of Notes, Notes of a Class or 
Classes (if any) ranking in point of security below such Class 
of Notes. 
“LH1” 
means LS London Holdings One Limited. 
“LPHL” 
means Land Securities Property Holdings Limited. 
“LPL” 
means Land Securities Properties Limited. 
“LPML” 
means Land Securities Portfolio Management Limited. 
“LS REIT Group” 
means Land Securities Group PLC and certain of its 
subsidiaries. 
“LSF” 
means Land Securities (Finance) Limited. 
“LSP” 
means Land Securities Properties Limited. 
“LTV” 
means, as of any date, the percentage equal to the Security 
Group Net Debt Outstanding divided by the Total Collateral 
Value (with the quotient being multiplied by 100) each as at 
such date. 
“Liquidity Ledger” 
means the sub-ledger of the same name established and 
maintained by the Cash Manager on behalf of the Obligors 
used to record deposits and withdrawals of certain amounts 
to and from the Income Replacement Account in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement and the Account Bank 
and Cash Management Agreement. See “— Income 
Replacement Account”, page 222, above. “Liquidity 
Prepayment Provision”

--- Page 444 ---
423 
 
“Liquidity Relevant Period” 
means, in respect of any Liquidity Relevant Date, the period 
between the Liquidity Effective Date immediately following 
such Liquidity Relevant Date and the first Tier Test 
Calculation Date or Additional Calculation Date as of which 
the Liquidity Threshold is not breached. See “— Mandatory 
Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, above. 
“Liquidity Threshold” 
means, in respect of the LTV calculated pursuant to either 
the Tier Tests or the Additional Tier Tests, 56%. See “— 
Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, above. “Liquidity 
Threshold Initial Breach Date” 
“Loan Enforcement Notice” 
means a notice delivered by the Obligor Security Trustee 
pursuant to the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed by 
which the Obligor Security held by the Obligor Security 
Trustee becomes enforceable. 
 
in the case of a Trading Property, the lower of the cost and 
the net realisable value of such Trading Property, in each 
case as determined by the Obligors; 
“Mandatory Liquidity 
Provisions” 
means the provisions of the Common Terms Agreement 
referred to in “— Mandatory Liquidity Provisions”, page 112, 
above. “Mandatory Prepayment” 
“Mandatory Prepayment 
Provisions” 
means the Ratings Event Prepayment Provision, the T3 
Prepayment Provision, the Liquidity Prepayment Provision, 
the P1 Debt Prepayment Provision, the Change of Control 
Prepayment Provision and the DPA Prepayment Provision 
(see the section entitled “— Mandatory Prepayment 
Provisions”, page 119 et seq.). “Market Value” 
“Market Value” 
means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Trading Property, the lower of the cost 
and the net realisable value of such Trading Property, 
in each case as determined by the Obligors; 
(b) 
in the case of a Development or other Mortgaged 
Property (other than a Mortgaged Property referred to 
in paragraph (c) or (e) below) which is not a Trading 
Property, the market value attributed to such 
Mortgaged Property in the most recent Valuation 
Report on the Estate; 
 
(c) 
in the case of a Nominated Eligible Property or a 
Development or other Mortgaged Property which was 
not valued in connection with the most recent

--- Page 445 ---
424 
 
Valuation Report on the Estate, the market value 
attributed thereto in the most recent Valuation Report 
on such Development or property; 
 
(d) 
in the case of the Estate as a whole, the Total 
Collateral Value;  
 
(e) 
in the case of a Post-Division Property which was not 
valued in connection with the most recent Valuation 
Report on the Estate, the Market Value attributed to 
such Post-Division Property in the certificate referred 
to in “— Division of Mortgaged Properties”, page 95, 
above; in the case of a certificate referred to in “— 
Merger of leasehold Mortgaged Properties with 
superior leasehold or freehold Mortgaged Properties”, 
page 95 above, the market value of the nominated 
property and the Relevant Mortgaged Properties on 
either the date of the most recent Valuation Report on 
the Estate or (where the Relevant Mortgaged 
Properties is to become a Mortgaged Property on the 
same dated as the Merger Transaction) the Valuation 
Report provided in accordance with “Additional 
Mortgaged Properties”, page 90, above, which 
assumes either than the Merger Transaction has 
completed or that it has not completed; and 
 
(f) 
in the case of a certificate referred to in “— Intra-
Security Group Disposals of Mortgaged Properties”, 
page 93 above, the market value of the Nominated 
Lease and the Relevant Mortgaged Property on the 
same date which assumes either than the Nominated 
Lease has been granted or that it has not been 
granted,  
 
provided, in the case of paragraphs (b) to (e) (inclusive) 
above, the market value of any Development or other 
Mortgaged Property, or any Nominated Eligible Property, will 
be determined by the relevant Valuers in accordance with 
whichever of the following is applicable: 
(i) 
the definition of “market value” contained in Chapter 3 
of the current (as at the Exchange Date) edition of the 
RICS Appraisal 
and 
Valuation 
Standards 
(for 
Nominated 
Eligible 
Properties 
and 
Mortgaged 
Properties situated in England, Wales or Scotland); 
 
(ii) 
Standard 4.10 of the current (as at the Exchange 
Date) edition of The European Valuation Standards

--- Page 446 ---
425 
 
issued 
by 
The 
European 
Group 
of 
Valuers’ 
Associations (for Nominated Eligible Properties and 
Mortgaged Properties situated in Europe (as defined 
by the European Group of Valuers’ Associations) but 
outside England, Wales or Scotland); 
 
(iii) 
a method of valuation in accordance with International 
Valuation Standard 1 of the International Valuation 
Standards (as at the Exchange Date) issued by the 
International Valuation Standards Committee (for 
Nominated 
Eligible 
Properties 
and 
Mortgaged 
Properties situated outside of England, Wales, 
Scotland and Europe (as defined by the European 
Group of Valuers’ Associations)); or 
 
(iv) 
subject to any requirement to the contrary contained 
in any applicable listing rules (where market value is 
calculated pursuant to such rules), such other 
methodology for determining market value as may be 
selected from time to time by the Obligors and notified 
to the Rating Agencies and the Obligor Security 
Trustee in the Investor Report published immediately 
before such proposed methodology is implemented 
being a methodology (including but not limited to those 
in accordance with International Valuation Standards 
issued by the International Valuations Standards 
Committee) which is generally accepted amongst 
broadly based property investment and development 
businesses in the jurisdiction in which the Mortgaged 
Properties for which the basis of valuation is to change 
are located. 
“Material Adverse Effect” 
means any effect which: 
 
(a) 
is materially adverse to the ability of the Obligors 
(taken as a whole) to perform in a timely manner all or 
any of their payment obligations under any of the 
Obligor Transaction Documents; or 
 
(b) 
results in (i) any Obligor Transaction Document being 
not legal, valid and binding on, or not enforceable 
against, any party thereto or (ii) the security over the 
assets expressed to be encumbered thereby not being 
valid or enforceable against the Obligors, in each 
case, and taken in the context of the obligations of the 
Obligors as a whole, in any respect that, in the case of

--- Page 447 ---
426 
 
(i) or (ii), above, is material and adverse to the 
interests of the Obligor Secured Creditors. 
“Material Damage Policy” 
means an insurance policy pursuant to which cover against 
the risk of material damage to one or more Mortgaged 
Properties is maintained by one or more Obligors. 
“Maturity Restrictions” 
means the restrictions, set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement and described in “— Maturity Restrictions”, page 
110, above, in respect of the maturity of Secured Financial 
Indebtedness. 
“Maximum Amount” 
means the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes 
that may from time to time be outstanding under the 
Programme. 
“Maximum Drawing Amount” 
means the higher of: 
 
(a) 
£200,000,000; and 
 
(b) 
2% of the Total Collateral Value from time to time. 
“Minimum Amortisation 
Amount” 
means, in respect of the ACF Loans and the ICL Loans at 
any time: 
 
(a) 
the aggregate of the scheduled amortisation amounts 
specified in the most recent Amortisation Schedule in 
respect of the quarterly dates occurring before such 
time; 
less 
 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Prepayments made since the most 
recent Amortisation Determination Date. 
“Minimum Long Term 
Ratings”  
means, for any person, that the long term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of such 
person are rated (but only where the following are Rating 
Agencies at the relevant time) at least AA by S&P, Aa2 by 
Moody’s and A+ by Fitch (or such other ratings consistent 
with the then current ratings of the Notes as specified by the 
Ratings Agencies for such person as at the relevant time 
pursuant to the then applicable published rating criteria). 
“Minimum Short Term 
Ratings” 
means, for any person, that the short term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of such 
person are rated (but only where the following are Rating 
Agencies at the relevant time) at least A-1+ by S&P, P-1 by

--- Page 448 ---
427 
 
Moody’s and F-1+ by Fitch (or such other ratings consistent 
with the then current ratings of the Notes as specified by the 
Ratings Agencies for such person as at the relevant time 
pursuant to the then applicable published rating criteria). 
“Minor Occupational 
Agreements” 
means a Leasing Agreement which is: 
 
(a) 
lease or licence of an Automated Teller Machine; or 
 
(b) 
a licence (which does not create a landlord and tenant 
interest); or 
 
(c) 
a concession or franchise (which does not create a 
landlord and tenant interest); or 
(d) 
a lease or licence of one or more car parking spaces; 
or 
(e) 
a lease for a term granted of five years or less which 
has a passing rent of less than £25,001 (subject to RPI 
Indexation); or 
 
(f) 
a lease, licence or wayleave agreement or easement 
relating to telecommunications equipment or other 
services; or 
(g) 
documentation relating to advertising promotions and 
the like; or 
(h) 
a lease of an electricity sub-station; or 
 
(i) 
a lease of management offices or premises, 
 
but excluding any such Leasing Agreement if the inclusion of 
the same as a Minor Occupational Agreement would result 
in (i) the aggregate Rental Income derived from all such 
Leasing Agreements in respect of any particular Mortgaged 
Property exceeding 10% of the Rental Income for the 
Mortgaged Property in question and/or (ii) the aggregate 
Rental Income derived from all such Leasing Agreements in 
respect of the Estate as a whole exceeding 5% of the Rental 
Income derived from the Estate to the intent (in any such 
case) that any Leasing Agreements of the type listed above, 
which will result in any excess over and above that amount 
of Rental Income, will not be treated as Minor Occupational 
Agreements.

--- Page 449 ---
428 
 
“Monetary Claims” 
means, in respect of each Obligor, any book and other debts 
and monetary claims owing to such Obligor and any 
proceeds thereof (including any proceeds, claims or sums of 
money deriving from or in relation to any Leasing Agreement, 
any Development Contract, any Insurance Policy, any 
Intellectual Property Rights, any Eligible Investment, any 
court order, any judgment or any decree). 
“Moody’s” 
means Moody’s Investors Service Limited or its successor by 
way of name change or merger from time to time. 
“More Senior Notes” 
means, in relation to any Class or Sub-Class of Notes, Notes 
of a Class or Classes, or of a Sub-Class or Sub-Classes (if 
any) ranking in point of security above such Class of Notes. 
“Mortgage Date” 
has the meaning given to such term in “— Additional 
Mortgaged Properties”, page 90, above. “Mortgaged 
Properties” 
“Mortgaged Properties” 
means, at any time, Original Mortgaged Properties, 
Additional 
Mortgaged 
Properties 
and 
Post-Division 
Properties which in each case are not Released Properties 
(and excluding Undivided Properties which have been split 
into Post-Division Properties). 
“Most Senior Class of 
Debtholders” 
means: 
 
(a) 
Noteholders of Notes corresponding to ICL Loans 
comprised in Priority 1 Debt (if any) and ACF Providers 
of ACF Loans comprised in Priority 1 Debt (if any), for 
so long as there is any Priority 1 Debt outstanding; 
 
(b) 
thereafter, Noteholders of Notes corresponding to ICL 
Loans comprised in Priority 2 Debt (if any) and ACF 
Providers of ACF Loans comprised in Priority 2 Debt 
(if any), for so long as there is any Priority 2 Debt 
outstanding; 
 
(c) 
thereafter, Noteholders of Notes corresponding to ICL 
Loans comprised in Subordinated Debt (if any) and 
ACF 
Providers 
of ACF 
Loans 
comprised 
in 
Subordinated Debt (if any) (or, if there are different 
rankings (in point of security) of Subordinated Debt 
according to the Secondary Debt Rank, the 
Subordinated Debt of the highest ranking according to 
the Secondary Debt Rank).

--- Page 450 ---
429 
 
“Most Senior Class of Notes” 
means the Priority 1 Notes for so long as there are any 
Priority 1 Notes outstanding and, thereafter, the Priority 2 
Notes for so long as there any Priority 2 Notes outstanding 
and, thereafter, the Subordinated Notes (or, if there are 
different rankings (in point of security) of Subordinated 
Notes, the Subordinated Notes of the highest ranking (in 
point of security) according to the Secondary Debt Rank). 
“Net Sales Proceeds” 
means, in relation to a Mortgaged Property, the Sales 
Proceeds or Deemed Disposal Proceeds relating to such 
Mortgaged Property less (i) any amounts required to be 
deposited into a Tax Reserve Account in connection with its 
Disposal in accordance with the Tax Deed of Covenant or (ii) 
if no deposit is required to be made into a Tax Reserve 
Account to fund the payment of that tax, any tax associated 
with the Disposal of such Mortgaged Property in each case, 
disregarding the availability of capital losses which would be 
available to offset the tax associated with the Disposal (and, 
in relation to (i) to reduce the amount required to be so 
deposited) other than losses that have accrued to the Obligor 
that made such Disposal. 
“Net Unsecured Debt” 
means, at any time, the aggregate Adjusted Principal 
Amount of all Unsecured Debt (other than Financial 
Indebtedness incurred under a Contingency Bond); provided 
that the amount of Unsecured Debt outstanding under 
commercial paper issued by any Obligor shall be excluded 
to the extent of the amount of Permitted Drawings of Priority 
1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt or Subordinated Debt that the 
Obligors could make under a committed facility at that time. 
“NGN” 
means a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note 
which is issued in new global note form. 
“Nominated Eligible 
Property” 
means any Eligible Property held by one or more Obligors 
which has been nominated by an Obligor for inclusion in the 
Estate in accordance with the Common Terms Agreement. 
“Nominees” 
means the Initial Nominees and any Additional Obligors who 
act as Trustees of Land under a Trust Declaration. 
“Non-Contingent Loan” 
means any Loan which is not a Contingency Bond. 
“Non-DR Global Note 
Certificate” 
means, in respect of any Series, the non-dual registered 
global note certificate to be issued in the form or substantially 
in the form set out in Part F (Form of Non-DR Global Note 
Certificate) of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed.

--- Page 451 ---
430 
 
“Non-DR Individual Note 
Certificate” 
means, in respect of any Series, the non-dual registered 
individual note certificate to be issued in the form or 
substantially in the form set out in Part E (Form of Non-DR 
Individual Note Certificate) of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed. 
“Non-GB Property” 
means a Mortgaged Property or (depending on the context) 
Nominated Eligible Property which is located outside 
England, Wales and Scotland. 
“Non-Restricted Group” 
means all of the Non-Restricted Group Entities. 
“Non-Restricted Group Cash 
Manager” 
means Land Securities Properties Limited. 
“Non-Restricted Group 
Entity” 
means any entity (or shareholders in any entity) which is a 
member of the Landsec Group but which is neither a member 
of the Security Group nor the Issuer. 
“Non-UK Obligor” 
means a person incorporated or established in an Approved 
Jurisdiction and resident for tax purposes only in an 
Approved Jurisdiction successfully nominated as an Obligor 
by the Principal Obligor for the purpose of achieving 
efficiencies in the business operations of the Security Group 
(see “— Proposed Non-UK Structural Changes”, page 57, 
above).  
“Non-UK Obligor Proposal 
Certificate” 
means a certificate delivered by the Principal Obligor to the 
Obligor Security Trustee, Note Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies in relation to the Proposed Non-UK Structural 
Changes and to make modifications to certain of the terms 
and conditions of, or covenants contained in, the Common 
Terms Agreement, the Tax Deed of Covenant and other 
Transaction Documents in connection with the accession of 
the Proposed Non-UK Obligor, as described in “— 
Restructuring of the Security Group and the Estate”, page 
99, above. 
“Note Enforcement Notice” 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 11 (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
“Noteholders” 
means the holders from time to time of Notes or (as the 
context requires) any Class or Sub-Class of Notes. 
“Noteholders’ Affirmation” 
means, in relation to a Sub-Class of Notes, an affirmation in 
a meeting by the Noteholders of the relevant Sub-Class of 
Notes that, as a result of the occurrence of a Ratings Event

--- Page 452 ---
431 
 
in relation thereto, they wish the Issuer to redeem such Sub-
Class of Notes in whole. 
“Note Interest Period” 
has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) 
and the relevant Final Terms. 
“Note Payment Date” 
has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 6(j) (Definitions) 
and the relevant Final Terms. 
“Notes” 
means the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class R 
Notes or the Subordinated Notes or any Class or Sub-Class 
thereof, as the context requires, issued by the Issuer under 
the Programme. 
“Note Step-Up Amount” 
means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Notes, the amount of 
the interest payable in respect thereof which represents 
either (i) an increase in Margin equal to the Note Step-Up 
Rate (where Condition 6(f)(i) (Interest Rate Step-Up) 
applies), or (ii) the Note Step Up Rate (where Condition 
6(f)(ii) (Interest Rate Step-Up) applies) from a specific date, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Note Step-Up Date” 
means, in relation to any Sub-Class of Notes, the date (if any) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms on and from which 
there is an increase in margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes) or an increase in interest rate (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, Indexed Notes or Zero Coupon Notes). 
“Note Trustee” 
means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, having its 
registered address at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, in its capacity as trustee for the 
Noteholders pursuant to the Trust Deed, or such other entity 
or entities appointed as successor note trustee from time to 
time, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Deed. 
“NSS” 
means New Safekeeping Structure, a structure where a 
Global Note Certificate is registered in the name of a 
common safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and deposited with a common safekeeper. 
“Obligors” 
means the Original Obligors together with any Additional 
Obligor (and each an “Obligor”). 
“Obligor Accession Deed” 
means the deeds (the form of which is set out in the Common 
Terms Agreement) to be executed by the Principal Obligor 
and a nominated Eligible Obligor pursuant to which such 
Eligible Obligor may accede as an Obligor to the Common

--- Page 453 ---
432 
 
Terms Agreement, the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, 
Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Tax Deed of Covenant and the 
Obligor Floating Charge Agreement as the case may be, 
certain of which grant the fixed and floating charges granted 
by the Obligors pursuant to the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed and the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement. 
“Obligor Accounts” 
means the Collection Accounts, the Disposal Proceeds 
Account, the Debt Collateralisation Account, the Income 
Replacement Account, any Liquidity Facility Reserve 
Account, the General Tax Reserve Account, the Specific Tax 
Reserve Account, any Approved Blocked Account, any Swap 
Collateral Account, any Swap Excluded Amount Account and 
any other bank account held from time to time by any Obligor 
to which it is beneficially entitled. 
“Obligor Event of Default” 
means any one of the events relating to the Obligors which 
are defined as such in the Common Terms Agreement and 
which are described in “— Obligor Events of Default” 
beginning on page 166, above.  
“Obligor 
Floating 
Charge 
Agreement” 
means the floating charge agreement dated 3 November 
2004 and entered into between the Issuer, the Obligor 
Security Trustee, the Note Trustee and the Obligors. 
“Obligor General Transaction 
Documents” 
means the Obligor Transaction Documents other than the 
ACF Agreements, the Swap Agreements, the Liquidity 
Facility Agreements and the Intercompany Loan Agreement.
“Obligor Property” 
means any interest in any real estate in any location owned 
by an Obligor. 
“Obligor Secured Creditors” 
at any time means: 
 
(a) 
the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and for and on 
behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors); 
 
(b) 
the Issuer; 
 
(c) 
the Note Trustee as assignee by way of security of the 
Issuer’s 
rights 
under 
the 
Obligor Transaction 
Documents and in respect of its indemnification rights 
against the Obligors under the Obligor Floating 
Charge Agreement;

--- Page 454 ---
433 
 
 
(d) 
the Initial ACF Providers; 
 
(e) 
the Account Bank; 
 
(f) 
any Receiver appointed under the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed and the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement; 
 
(g) 
any Further ACF Provider; 
 
(h) 
any Replacement Cash Manager; 
 
(i) 
any Replacement Servicer; 
 
(j) 
any Liquidity Facility Provider; and 
 
(k) 
any Swap Counterparty, 
 
and in the case of (h) to (i) above, to the extent that it is party 
(either as at the Exchange Date or by way of accession) to 
the Common Terms Agreement and the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed and remains as a party thereto at the 
relevant time. 
“Obligor Security” 
means the security interests created by the Obligors 
pursuant to the Obligor Security Documents. 
“Obligor Security 
Documents” 
means: 
 
(a) 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed; 
 
(b) 
any supplemental mortgage executed pursuant to the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed; 
 
(c) 
any Obligor Accession Deed; 
 
(d) 
the Initial Standard Securities; 
 
(e) 
any Supplemental Standard Securities; 
 
(f) 
the Obligor Floating Charge Agreement; 
 
(g) 
the Trust Declarations; 
 
(h) 
the Beneficiary Undertakings; and

--- Page 455 ---
434 
 
 
(i) 
any other document or instrument granted in favour of 
the Obligor Security Trustee (on behalf of the Obligor 
Secured Creditors) creating or evidencing the security 
for all or any part of the Secured Obligations. 
“Obligor Security Trustee” 
means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, whose 
registered office is at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street, London EC2N 2DB, in its capacity as trustee for the 
Obligor Secured Creditors from time to time under the 
Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed, or such other entity or 
entities appointed as successor obligor security trustee from 
time to time, subject to and in accordance with the terms of 
the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
“Obligor Transaction 
Documents” 
means each or any of: 
 
(a) 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
 
(b) 
the Swap Agreements; 
 
(c) 
any Liquidity Facility Agreements; 
 
(d) 
the Intercompany Loan Agreement; 
 
(e) 
the ACF Agreements; 
 
(f) 
the Obligor Security Documents; 
 
(g) 
the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement;
 
(h) 
the Tax Deed of Covenant; 
 
(i) 
the Reorganisation Documents; 
 
(j) 
the Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(k) 
any other agreement, instrument or deed designated 
as such by the Obligors and the Obligor Security 
Trustee. 
“Occupier” 
means the lessee or other party entitled to occupy any 
Mortgaged Property (or part thereof) pursuant to any Leasing 
Agreement. 
“OFCA Floating Security” 
means the floating charges granted by the Obligors in favour 
of the Issuer pursuant to the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement and assigned by way of security to the Note

--- Page 456 ---
435 
 
Trustee pursuant to the Issuer Deed of Charge (see the 
section entitled “— Floating charges held by the Obligor 
Security Trustee and the Issuer”, page 176, above.). 
“Offering Circular” 
means the Listing Particulars in respect of the Programme 
dated 2 November 2004. 
“Office Sector” 
means the use of a Mortgaged Property primarily as offices 
within Use Class B1 of the Use Classes Order 1987. 
“Ongoing Facility Fee” 
means the facility fee payable from the Obligors to the Issuer 
under the Intercompany Loan Agreement after the Exchange 
Date. 
“Operating Accounts” 
means any accounts in the name of the Obligors and held 
with the Account Bank, the principal purpose of each of which 
is to provide an overdraft facility to the relevant Obligor. 
“Optional Calculation Date” 
means any date designated as such by any Obligor in a 
notice in writing to the Issuer, the Obligor Security Trustee 
and the Note Trustee. 
“Opt-out ACF Provider” 
means an ACF Provider which, as specified in the relevant 
ACF Agreement, has agreed with the relevant Obligor that it 
will exercise its voting rights given to it under the Security 
Trust and Intercreditor Deed. 
“Original Mortgaged 
Properties” 
means the properties listed as such in the Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed. 
“Original Obligors” 
means the entities listed in Schedule 1 (Details of Obligors 
as at the Date of this Base Prospectus) to this Base 
Prospectus. 
“Other Parties” 
means the Arranger, the Dealers, the Note Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents, the Registrar, the Agent 
Bank, the Swap Counterparties, the Account Bank, any 
Liquidity Facility Provider, any Class R Underwriters, any 
Class R Agent, the Cash Manager, the Obligor Security 
Trustee, FinCo, HoldCo, the Obligors, Land Securities PLC 
and Land Securities Group PLC. 
“Other Risks Policy” 
means an insurance policy pursuant to which cover is 
provided against third party liabilities and such other property 
related risks as in the reasonable opinion of the Obligors 
ought to be covered, judged by the standard of a reasonably

--- Page 457 ---
436 
 
prudent owner and operator of businesses similar to the 
businesses of the Obligors. 
“Other Sector” 
means the use or primary use of a Mortgaged Property for 
any purpose other than as Office Sector, Shopping Centres 
and Shops Sector, Retail Warehouses Sector, Industrial 
Sector, Leisure and Hotels Sector or Residential Sector. 
“P1 Breach Amount” 
means, at any time, the aggregate of (i) the amount by which 
Security Group Net Debt Outstanding (as calculated in 
accordance with the P1 Debt Test) exceeded 55% of the 
Total Collateral Value as of the most recent P1 Breach Date 
(or 50%, if such P1 Breach Date fell during a Change of 
Control Period) and (ii) all Priority 1 Debt incurred by the 
Security Group since that P1 Breach Date (if any), less: 
 
(a) 
all Priority 1 Debt repaid or Prepaid since that P1 
Breach Date; 
 
(b) 
all Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loans converted from 
Priority 1 Debt into Priority 2 Debt since that P1 Breach 
Date; and 
 
(c) 
all Revolving R1 ICL Loans refinanced with Revolving 
R2 ICL Loans since that P1 Breach Date. 
“P1 Breach Certificate Date” 
has the meaning given to that term in “— Due to breach of 
P1 Debt Test”, page 120, above. 
“P1 Breach Date” 
means: 
 
(a) 
a Tier Test Calculation Date as of which the P1 LTV 
exceeds 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 
50%); or 
 
(b) 
an Additional Calculation Date as of which the P1 LTV 
exceeds 55% (or, during a Change of Control Period, 
50%), and the relevant Additional LTV calculated as of 
that date (ignoring all Financial Indebtedness other 
than Priority 1 Debt and amounts ranking senior to 
Priority 1 Debt in accordance with the relevant 
Security Group Priority of Payments) is not less than 
or equal to 55% (or, during a Change of Control 
Period, 50%).

--- Page 458 ---
437 
 
“P1 Debtholders” 
means Noteholders of Notes corresponding to ICL Loans 
comprised in Priority 1 Debt (if any) and ACF Providers of 
ACF Loans comprised in Priority 1 Debt (if any). 
“P1 Debt Prepayment 
Provision” 
means the provision of the Common Terms Agreement that 
will require the Obligors to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in 
accordance with the most recent Amortisation Schedule for 
so long as the P1 LTV calculated as of the most recent 
Calculation Date exceeds 55% (or, if a Change of Control 
Period applies, 50%) and such remains the case after the 
Obligors have refinanced, to the extent required and to the 
extent they are able to do so, Revolving R1/R2 Loans which 
are Priority 1 Debt with other funds. See “— Due to breach 
of P1 Debt Test”, page 120, above. 
“P1 Debt Test” 
means the recalculation of the LTV as of certain Calculation 
Dates (ignoring for the purposes of such recalculation all 
Financial Indebtedness other than outstanding Priority 1 
Debt and amounts ranking senior to Priority 1 Debt in 
accordance with the relevant Security Group Priority of 
Payments). See “— The P1 Debt Test”, page 126, above. 
“P1 Headroom Test” 
means the test, conducted from time to time in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement, pursuant to which it will 
be determined whether the Obligors will be permitted to 
effect (or enter into binding commitments in respect of) 
Proposed 
Additional 
Transactions 
(including 
certain 
drawings of Further Priority 1 Debt) from time to time. See 
“— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108 and “— The 
Additional Tier Tests and Headroom Tests”, page 127, 
above. 
“P1 ICL Call Option” 
means a call option given by the Issuer and the Note Trustee 
in favour of the Obligor Security Trustee (to be held on trust 
for the P2 ACF Providers), exercisable following the delivery 
of a Loan Acceleration Notice and giving the P2 ACF 
Providers the entitlement (but not the obligation) to purchase 
(by way of assignment) the Issuer’s (and the Note Trustee’s) 
rights, title and interest in the Priority 1 ICL Loans (to the 
extent of principal and interest only). 
“P1 LTV” 
means the modified loan to value ratio calculated pursuant 
to the P1 Debt Test. 
“P1 Trigger Event” 
means any event which would entitle the P1 Debtholders to 
vote on whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to 
take any Enforcement Action and/or to Accelerate the 
Secured Obligations as listed in the section entitled “— Loan

--- Page 459 ---
438 
 
Enforcement Notice and Enforcement Action”, page 189, 
above. 
“P2 ACF Providers” 
means ACF Providers providing ACF Loans constituting 
Priority 2 Debt. 
“P2 Debtholders” 
means Noteholders of Notes corresponding to ICL Loans 
comprised in Priority 2 Debt (if any) and ACF Providers of 
ACF Loans comprised in Priority 2 Debt (if any). 
“P2 Enforcement Period” 
means any Enforcement Period commencing with the 
delivery of a Loan Enforcement Notice pursuant to a P2 
Trigger Event and ending on (i) the date of removal of a 
Receiver as requested by the Obligors as set out in “— 
Removal of a Receiver” page 193, or (ii) the change in 
Qualifying Debtholders pursuant to a Loan Enforcement 
Notice delivered pursuant to an Enforcement Trigger Event 
(other than a P2 Trigger Event).  
“P2 Headroom Test” 
means the test, conducted from time to time in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement, pursuant to which it will 
be determined whether the Obligors will be permitted to 
effect (or enter into binding commitments in respect of) 
Proposed 
Additional 
Transactions 
(including 
certain 
drawings of Priority 2 Debt) from time to time. See “— 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, and “— The 
Additional Tier Tests and Headroom Tests”, page 127, 
above. 
“P2 Non-Payment Event” 
means an Obligor fails to pay when due any amount in 
respect of any Priority 2 Debt (excluding, in the case of any 
principal amounts, amounts falling due by reason of any 
Acceleration of the Priority 2 Debt). 
“P2 Trigger Event” 
means any event which would entitle the P2 Debtholders to 
vote on whether to instruct the Obligor Security Trustee to 
take any Enforcement Action as listed in the section entitled 
“— Loan Enforcement Notice and Enforcement Action”, page 
189, above. 
“Participating NRGEs” 
has the meaning given to it in “— Land Securities Intra-Group 
Funding Deed” page 228, above). 
“Partnership” 
means a partnership governed by the Partnership Act 1890 
and/or the Limited Partnerships Act 1907, all of the partners 
of which are Obligors.

--- Page 460 ---
439 
 
“Passing Rent” 
means the rent firstly or principally reserved, payable by the 
relevant lessee pursuant to the corresponding Leasing 
Agreement, as is payable on an annualised basis from time 
to time, whether in advance or arrears, and irrespective of 
whether such sums are inclusive or exclusive of any sum 
representing a reimbursement of any costs incurred by the 
lessor, whether in respect of services, insurance premia or 
otherwise. 
“Paying Agents” 
means the Principal Paying Agent and the Irish Paying Agent 
and such other or further paying agents for the Notes as may 
from time to time be appointed in accordance with the terms 
of the Agency Agreement. 
“Performance Bond” 
means a guarantee or indemnity in respect of a financial 
instrument (in the nature of a demand bond) issued by a 
financial institution granted by at least one Obligor. 
“Permanent Global Note” 
in relation to any Series, a permanent global note in the form 
or substantially in the form set out in Part B (Form of 
Permanent Global Note) of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed. 
“Permitted Business” 
means: 
 
(a) 
in relation to FinCo or a Financial SPV Obligor, making 
loans (or providing other financial accommodation) to 
members of the Security Group, the incurring of 
Permitted 
Financial 
Indebtedness 
other 
than 
Unsecured Debt and the entry into Swap Agreements 
in accordance with the Hedging Covenant; 
 
(b) 
in relation to Land Securities (Finance) Limited, 
making 
loans 
(or 
providing 
other 
financial 
accommodation) to members of the Landsec Group 
and 
borrowing 
(or 
receiving 
other 
financial 
accommodation) from members of the Landsec 
Group; 
 
(c) 
in relation to HoldCo, holding shares in the Issuer, 
Land Securities PLC or any other Obligor; 
 
(d) 
in the case of SubCo, holding shares in the Nominees;
 
(e) 
in the case of each of the Nominees and Wood Street 
(Jersey) Limited, holding the legal title to a Mortgaged 
Property 
and 
where 
relevant 
holding 
any 
Development Account; and

--- Page 461 ---
440 
 
 
(f) 
in relation to any other Obligor (other than a Financial 
SPV Obligor), directly or indirectly investing in 
commercial and residential property (including by way 
of trading the same, engaging in and trading 
Developments and outsourcing) primarily in the United 
Kingdom, providing real estate-related services to the 
Occupiers of Mortgaged Properties in respect of such 
Mortgaged Properties, all businesses ancillary to the 
above, holding shares in any other Obligor (or in any 
company, including a subsidiary, for whose liabilities it 
is not in any way responsible and in respect of which 
any obligation to contribute capital is counted towards 
the Unsecured Debt Limit) and the incurring of 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness. 
“Permitted Drawing” 
means, at any time, the drawing, issuance or incurrence of 
Priority 1 Debt, Priority 2 Debt, Subordinated Debt or 
Unsecured Debt which in each case satisfies the 
requirements 
set 
out 
in 
“— 
Permitted 
Financial 
Indebtedness”, page 108, above. 
“Permitted Encumbrance” 
means: 
 
(a) 
any Encumbrance arising under the Obligor Security 
Documents; 
 
(b) 
liens arising solely under statute or by operation of law 
and in the ordinary course of any Obligor’s business 
and not as a result of any default or omission on the 
part of any Obligor unless contested in good faith; 
 
(c) 
rights of set-off existing in the ordinary course of 
business activities between any Obligor and its 
respective suppliers or customers; 
 
(d) 
rights of set-off, banker’s liens or the like arising by 
operation of law or by contract by virtue of the 
provision to any Obligor of permitted clearing bank 
facilities or committed overdrafts; 
 
(e) 
any retention of title to goods, hire purchase, 
conditional sale agreement or arrangements having 
similar effect, in relation to goods supplied to any 
Obligor where such credit arrangement is required by 
the supplier in the ordinary course of its business and 
on customary terms;

--- Page 462 ---
441 
 
 
(f) 
any Encumbrance (other than by way of mortgage or 
Standard Security, or equivalent, over any properties) 
securing 
any 
deferred purchase arrangements 
entered into in the ordinary course of business; 
 
(g) 
any Encumbrance arising in the ordinary course of any 
Obligor’s business where it is required to give to a 
local authority a guarantee that highway works in 
association with a development of a property will be 
completed in a satisfactory manner; and 
 
(h) 
any Encumbrance over assets (other than Mortgaged 
Properties, shares in Obligors and bank accounts) in 
addition to those referred to in paragraphs (a) to (g), 
having an aggregate book value not exceeding 
£25,000,000 (subject to Indexation), 
 
provided that no floating charge (other than under (a) above) 
shall be a Permitted Encumbrance. 
“Permitted Financial 
Indebtedness” 
means Financial Indebtedness incurred in accordance with 
certain provisions of the Common Terms Agreement 
(including those described in the section entitled “— 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, above.). 
“person” 
shall be construed as a reference to any person, firm, 
company, body corporate, corporation, government, state or 
agency of a state or any association or partnership (whether 
or not having separate legal personality) of two or more of 
the foregoing, and includes their permitted successors, 
transferees, assigns and assignees and any person deriving 
title under or through him, whether in security or otherwise. 
“Post-Division Properties” 
means Mortgaged Properties that were once part of one or 
more Undivided Properties. 
“Potential Issuer Event of 
Default” 
means any event which will become (if there is no remedy of 
that Default event within the period provided in the 
Conditions for its remedy) an Issuer Event of Default. 
“Potential Obligor Event of 
Default” 
means any event (referred to in the definition of “Obligor 
Event of Default”) which will become (with the passage of 
time, the giving of notice, the making of any determination 
under 
the 
Obligor 
Transaction 
Documents 
or 
any 
combination thereof, and assuming for these purposes only 
no intervening remedy) an Obligor Event of Default.

--- Page 463 ---
442 
 
“Prepay” 
means Actually Prepay, Collateralise or Buyback (and 
“Prepaid” 
and 
“Prepayment” 
shall 
be 
construed 
accordingly). 
“Prepayment Amount” 
means, with respect to any Actual Prepayment, the principal 
amount of the Loan so Prepaid. 
“Pricing Supplement” 
means a pricing supplement issued in relation to each Sub-
Class of Notes issued before 1 July 2005, as a supplement 
to the Conditions and giving details of such Sub-Class. 
“Primary Debt Rank” 
means the following ranks (listed in descending order of 
seniority in respect of their ranking in point of security): 
 
(a) 
Priority 1 Debt; 
 
(b) 
Priority 2 Debt; 
 
(c) 
Subordinated Debt; and 
 
(d) 
Unsecured Debt. 
“Principal Amount 
Outstanding” 
means at any date: 
 
(a) 
in relation to a Note, the principal amount of that Note 
upon issue less any repayment of principal made to 
the holder(s) thereof on or prior to that date and plus 
(in the case of an Indexed Note) any accretion to 
principal, in each case, after the relevant Issue Date in 
respect thereof; 
 
(b) 
in relation to a Sub-Class or Class, the aggregate 
principal amount of all Notes in such Sub-Class or 
Class less any repayment of principal made to the 
holder(s) thereof on or prior to that date and plus (in 
the case of a Sub-Class or Class of Indexed Notes) 
any accretion to principal, in each case, after the 
relevant Issue Date in respect thereof; 
 
(c) 
in relation to the Notes generally, the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Sub-Classes or 
Classes of Notes in issue (as determined in 
accordance with paragraph (b) above);

--- Page 464 ---
443 
 
 
(d) 
in relation to an ICL Loan or (subject to (e) and (f) 
below) an ACF Loan, the principal amount outstanding 
for the time being of that loan at that date; 
 
(e) 
in relation to loan guarantees or indemnities granted 
by an Obligor to a Non-Restricted Group Entity or 
other third party, the maximum principal amount 
guaranteed or indemnified under such loan guarantee 
or indemnity, as applicable, as at that date; and 
 
(f) 
in relation to Performance Bonds, 15% of the fixed, 
liquidated or maximum principal amount guaranteed 
or indemnified under such Performance Bond as at 
that date, 
 
provided that, for the purpose of any Debtholders’ Meeting or 
any meeting of Noteholders, it shall exclude (A) in the case 
of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, those Notes (if any) 
which are for the time being held by (1) the Issuer, any 
Obligor or any Non-Restricted Group Entity, (2) any person 
for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or 
holding companies or any subsidiaries of any of its holding 
companies or (3) any person who has failed to surrender for 
repurchase any Class R Note on any Note Payment Date 
(other than where the Issuer was not obliged to repurchase 
the same), and (B) in the case of paragraph (d) above, any 
ACF Loans owed to a Non-Restricted Group Entity or an Opt-
out ACF Provider. 
“Principal Obligor” 
means Land Securities PLC or, if Land Securities PLC (or a 
replacement Principal Obligor) is no longer an Obligor, the 
Obligor nominated by the then Principal Obligor or its 
replacement. 
“Principal Paying Agent” 
means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, acting through 
its office at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, or such other entity or entities appointed 
as principal paying agent from time to time, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
“Principal Transfer Agent” 
means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as 
principal transfer agent, or such other entity or entities 
appointed as principal transfer agent from time to time, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Agency 
Agreement. 
“Priority 1 Debt” 
means Initial Priority 1 Debt and Further Priority 1 Debt.

--- Page 465 ---
444 
 
“Priority 1 Debt Step-Up 
Amounts” 
means any amount of interest payable in respect of any ICL 
Loans or ACF Loans constituting Priority 1 Debt which 
represents an increase in margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Loans) or an increase in interest rate (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Loans) (i) from a scheduled date for any reason 
or (ii) (in the case of an ACF Loan) due to a failure to pay any 
amount due under such ACF Agreement. 
“Priority 1 ICL Loans” 
means ICL Loans corresponding to Priority 1 Notes. 
“Priority 1 Notes” 
means Class A Notes and Class R1 Notes. 
“Priority 2 Debt” 
means any Financial Indebtedness of any of the Obligors 
which is incurred after the Exchange Date in compliance with 
the Common Terms Agreement and which is attributed the 
Debt Rank of “Priority 2 Debt” in accordance with the 
provisions 
described 
in 
“— 
Ranking 
of 
Financial 
Indebtedness”, page 106, above. 
“Priority 2 Debt Step-Up 
Amounts” 
means any amount of interest payable in respect of any ICL 
Loans or ACF Loans constituting Priority 2 Debt which 
represents an increase in margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Loans) or an increase in interest rate (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Loans) (i) from a scheduled date for any reason 
or (ii) (in the case of an ACF Loan) due to a failure to pay any 
amount due under such ACF Agreement. 
“Priority 2 Notes” 
means Class B Notes and Class R2 Notes. 
“Pro Forma Historical ICR” 
means, in respect of any Proposed Additional Transaction, 
the modified Historical ICR calculated on of the relevant 
Additional Calculation Date (assuming that such transaction 
was completed as of the first day of the most recently 
completed Historical Calculation Period). 
“Programme” 
means the £7,000,000,000 multicurrency programme for the 
issuance of Notes established by the Issuer. 
“Prohibited Transaction” 
means any transaction or Dealing (including (i) the 
introduction of a Nominated Eligible Property into the Estate 
or an Eligible Obligor into the Security Group, (ii) the removal 
of a Mortgaged Property from the Estate or an Obligor from 
the Security Group or (iii) the incurrence or Prepayment of 
Financial Indebtedness) in respect of which any one of the 
following is true: 
 
(a) 
it would cause a breach (or, if already breached, a 
further breach) of the Financial Covenant were a Tier

--- Page 466 ---
445 
 
Test Calculation Date to occur immediately following 
the completion of such transaction or Dealing; 
 
(b) 
it would cause any Concentration Limit to be exceeded 
(or, if already exceeded, to be further exceeded); or 
 
(c) 
it would cause any covenant given by the Obligors 
under the Obligor Transaction Documents (other than 
the covenants referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above) to be breached (or, if already breached, to be 
breached further), 
 
provided that transactions or Dealings which are completed 
on the same day shall be deemed to constitute a single 
transaction. 
“Projected EBITDA” 
means, in respect of any Forward-Looking Calculation 
Period, the sterling projected consolidated or pro forma 
consolidated operating profit of the Security Group (taking 
into account projected changes in its composition) for that 
period calculated in accordance with the Applicable 
Accounting Principles (but including for the avoidance of 
doubt any projected releases from the Income Replacement 
Account), but before: 
 
(a) 
any Projected Interest Charges; 
 
(b) 
any amount projected to be attributable to amortisation 
of goodwill or other intangible assets or the 
amortisation or the writing off of acquisition or 
refinancing costs and any deduction for depreciation 
of assets; and 
 
(c) 
any tax projected to accrue for such Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period in respect of all amounts and items 
included in or taken into account in calculating that 
projected consolidated operating profit and before 
making any adjustments to projected deferred tax 
assets or liabilities in that period, 
 
and excluding: 
 
(i) 
fair value adjustments or impairment charges (to the 
extent they involve no payment of cash); 
 
(ii) 
items that would be treated as extraordinary or 
exceptional income or charges under the Applicable

--- Page 467 ---
446 
 
Accounting Principles for such Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period; 
 
(iii) 
any amount attributable to the writing up or writing 
down of any assets of any Obligor after the Exchange 
Date or, in the case of an Obligor becoming such after 
the Exchange Date, after the date of its becoming 
such and, in each case, in respect of such Forward-
Looking Calculation Period; 
 
(iv) 
any non-cash amount attributed to share-based 
payments; 
 
(v) 
any other non-cash items, including any change in the 
mark-to-market value of any derivative transaction 
(but not so as to exclude UITF 28 as it affects any rent-
free periods relating to tenancies granted by or to the 
Obligors, accruals and prepayments relating to rental 
income and operating expenses and specific bad debt 
provisions); and 
 
(vi) 
any amounts attributable to the projected disposal of 
any properties or other fixed assets during such 
Forward-Looking Calculation Period. 
“Projected ICR” 
means, in respect of any Forward-Looking Calculation 
Period, the ratio of the Projected EBITDA to the Projected 
Interest Charges each in respect of such Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period, converting all non-sterling amounts into 
sterling as required. 
“Projected Interest Charges” 
means, in relation to a Forward-Looking Calculation Period: 
 
(a) 
without double-counting, the projected accrued cost of 
interest on Financial Indebtedness of the Security 
Group (excluding any non-cash items, front end fees 
(whether or not amortised) and exceptional and 
extraordinary items but after taking account of any 
relevant 
hedging) 
for 
such 
Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period calculated on an accruals basis; 
 
less: 
 
(b) 
without double-counting, any projected interest 
receivable by any member of the Security Group from 
a third party over the relevant Forward-Looking 
Calculation Period other than interest on the Income

--- Page 468 ---
447 
 
Replacement Account but including interest on 
amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Ledger.
“Projection Methodologies 
Confirmation” 
means the confirmation required by the Common Terms 
Agreement to be provided by the Rating Agencies in order 
for the Obligors to adopt certain material changes to the 
projection methodologies used to calculate certain financing 
ratios under the Common Terms Agreement. See “—
Standard of care regarding projections”, page 129, above. 
“Property Covenants” 
means the covenants as set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement, which are set out under the headings of “— 
Sector diversity – positive covenant”, “— Sector diversity – 
negative covenant”, “— Geographic diversity – negative 
covenant”, “—  
Tenant concentration limit”, “— Dealings permitted while 
Concentration Limit exceeded”, “— Property management”, 
“— Leasing”, “— Development” and “— Disposals – negative 
covenant”, from page 143 to page 147, as the same may be 
modified and/or supplemented by any relevant T2 Covenant 
or T3 Covenant.  
“Property Manager” 
means a property manager selected by the Obligors from the 
Approved Property Manager List. 
“Property Owner” 
means, with respect to any Eligible Property, the Obligor or 
Obligors that hold the legal and beneficial title to such 
property. 
“Property Release” 
means, in respect of any Mortgaged Property, a deed, 
agreement or other document (which will in each case be in 
a form that shall have been pre-agreed between the Obligor 
and the Obligor Security Trustee) that, upon the due 
execution thereof by the Obligor Security Trustee and, in the 
case of Mortgaged Properties located in a jurisdiction other 
than England, Wales or Scotland, the completion of such 
other formalities as may be required in that jurisdiction, will 
be effective to release or re-convey to the relevant Obligor 
the entire security interest in respect of such Mortgaged 
Property held by the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and 
on behalf of the other Obligor Secured Creditors) under the 
Obligor Transaction Documents. 
“Proposed Accounting 
Principles” 
means the accounting principles generally accepted by 
property companies in the United Kingdom (including but not 
limited to the International Financial Reporting Standards as 
then applied) which the Obligors elect (in accordance with

--- Page 469 ---
448 
 
the Common Terms Agreement) to adopt for the purpose of 
preparing, calculating and determining financial information, 
the loan to value and interest cover ratios under the Obligor 
Transaction Documents. See “— Changes in Applicable 
Accounting Principles”, page 131, above. 
“Proposed Additional 
Transaction” 
means each transaction or combination of transactions 
(together with certain repayment of Financial Indebtedness) 
in respect of which the Obligors are required by the Common 
Terms Agreement to conduct the Additional Tier Tests. See 
“— The Additional Tier Tests and Headroom Tests”, page 
127, above. 
“Proposed Completion Date” 
means, in respect of any Proposed Additional Transaction, 
the first date upon which the Obligors propose to pay any 
amount (whether or not for cash), release security or transfer 
title to any Mortgaged Property or the shares of any Obligor, 
incur Financial Indebtedness, make any Prepayment, 
withdraw funds from the Disposal Proceeds Account, Debt 
Collateralisation Account or any Approved Blocked Account 
or 
otherwise 
complete 
such 
Proposed 
Additional 
Transaction. 
“Proposed Non-UK Obligor” 
means an Eligible Obligor which the Principal Obligor may 
nominate as a person to which of one or more Mortgaged 
Properties will be transferred or by which one or more 
Mortgaged Properties will be acquired. See “— Restructuring 
of the Security Group and the Estate”, page 99, above. 
“Proposed Non-UK Obligor 
Modifications” 
means the modifications proposed to be made by the 
Obligors to certain of the terms and conditions of, or the 
covenants contained in, the Common Terms Agreement 
and/or other Transaction Documents in connection with any 
proposed transfer of one or more Mortgaged Properties to a 
Proposed Non-UK Obligor or any proposed acquisition of 
one or more Mortgaged Properties by a Proposed Non-UK 
Obligor. See “— Restructuring of the Security Group and the 
Estate”, page 99, above. 
“Proposed Non-UK 
Structural Changes” 
means any proposed transfers or acquisitions of or changes 
to the composition, holding structure or corporate structure 
of the Mortgaged Properties and/or the Security Group in 
connection with the nomination of a Proposed Non-UK 
Obligor as an Additional Obligor. See “— Restructuring of the 
Security Group and the Estate”, page 99, above.

--- Page 470 ---
449 
 
“Proposed Restructuring 
Modifications” 
means the modifications proposed to be made by the 
Obligors to certain of the terms and conditions of, or the 
covenants contained in, the Common Terms Agreement 
and/or the other Transaction Documents in connection with 
any proposed restructuring of the Security Group and/or the 
Estate. See “— Restructuring of the Security Group and the 
Estate”, page 99, above. 
“Proposed Structural 
Changes” 
means any proposed changes to the composition, holding 
structure or corporate structure of the Mortgaged Properties 
and/or the Security Group in connection with an Accepted 
Restructuring Purpose. 
“QIB” 
means Qualified Institutional Buyer, as defined in Rule 144A.
“Qualifying Debtholders” 
means the Debtholders that are entitled to vote at a 
Debtholders’ Meeting as described in the section entitled “— 
Intercreditor arrangements”, page 180, above. 
“Qualifying Noteholders” 
means Noteholders who are Qualifying Debtholders in 
respect of a Debtholders’ Meeting. 
“Qualifying Self-Insured 
Mortgaged Properties” 
means any Mortgaged Property or any standalone building 
on any Mortgaged Property where the Leasing Agreement in 
respect thereof imposes on the lessee an unqualified 
obligation, at its own cost, to fully reinstate the premises in 
question in the event of damage or destruction to the same, 
and such lessee is (i) a Government Tenant or a lessee who 
has, or whose obligations under the relevant Leasing 
Agreement are guaranteed by an entity which has, at all 
times, an actual or shadow/private corporate rating of, 
depending upon which of S&P, Fitch and/or Moody’s are a 
Rating Agency at the relevant time, AA or higher from S&P or 
AA or higher from Fitch or Aa2 or higher from Moody’s (or, in 
each case, the short-term equivalent of such rating if the 
basis of such ratings changes in the future), or (b) any other 
lessee provided that at all times the aggregate Market Value 
of Mortgaged Properties to which this part (ii) may apply shall 
not exceed 5% of the Total Collateral Value. 
“R1/R2 Pro rata Amount” 
means, on any P1 Breach Certificate Date, the P1 Breach 
Amount then outstanding multiplied by a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the principal amount of Revolving 
R1/R2 ACF Loans which are Priority 1 Debt then outstanding 
and the denominator of which is the aggregate of all 
Revolving R1/R2 Loans which are Priority 1 Debt then 
outstanding.

--- Page 471 ---
450 
 
“R1/R2 Tranche” 
means a tranche which is designated as such in a Revolving 
R1/R2 ACF Agreement. 
“Rating Affirmed Matters” 
means certain matters which shall be approved by the 
Obligor Security Trustee (in certain circumstances) if the 
Ratings Test is satisfied, as set out in “— Rating Affirmed 
Matters”, page 185, above. 
“Rating Agencies” 
means, at any time, any two or more internationally 
recognised rating agencies (which term shall include S&P, 
Fitch and Moody’s) appointed from time to time by the 
Obligors to rate the Notes (or if, at any time, there is only one 
internationally recognised rating agency, such rating 
agency). 
“Ratings Affirmation” 
means a written statement, from each Rating Agency to the 
Obligors, of the ratings then assigned by that Rating Agency 
to each of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes. 
“Ratings Event” 
means, at any time, the occurrence of either of the following 
events: 
 
(a) 
a Ratings Reset Event has not occurred and any of 
the following occur at that time: 
 
(i) 
if S&P is a Rating Agency at that time, S&P 
downgrades the ratings of (1) the Class A Notes 
to A+ or lower or (2) the Class B Notes to BBB+ 
or lower; 
 
(ii) 
if Fitch is a Rating Agency at that time, Fitch 
downgrades the ratings of (1) the Class A Notes 
to A+ or lower or (2) the Class B Notes to BBB+ 
or lower; 
 
(iii) 
if Moody’s is a Rating Agency at that time, 
Moody’s downgrades the ratings of (1) the 
Class A Notes to A2 or lower or (2) the Class B 
Notes to Baa2 or lower; or 
 
(iv) 
if any other internationally recognised rating 
agency is a Rating Agency at that time, such 
rating agency downgrades the ratings of (1) the 
Class A Notes to a rating equivalent to A+ or 
lower or (2) the Class B Notes to a rating 
equivalent to BBB+ or lower; or

--- Page 472 ---
451 
 
 
(a) 
a Ratings Reset Event has occurred and any of the 
entities referred to in paragraph (a) above, if it is a 
Rating Agency at that time, downgrades any Sub-
Class of Notes by more than one notch below the 
Reset Rating applicable to such Sub-Class of Notes, 
provided that, for the purposes of the foregoing, a 
designation of “negative outlook” (or equivalent) will 
not amount to a downgrade. 
“Ratings Event Prepayment 
Provision” 
means the provision of the Common Terms Agreement that 
requires the Obligors to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in 
accordance with the most recent Amortisation Schedule 
following the occurrence of a Ratings Event or the failure of 
the Obligors to obtain a Ratings Affirmation at least once in 
any five year period. See “— Upon Ratings Event or failure 
to obtain Ratings Affirmation”, page 119, above.  
“Ratings Reset Event” 
means that the following has occurred: 
 
(a) 
following the occurrence of a Ratings Event, the Issuer 
has elected to exercise its right to redeem the Notes 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
8(c) 
(Optional 
Redemption as Result of Ratings Event); and 
 
(b) 
at a meeting of any Sub-Class of Noteholders duly 
convened in accordance with Condition 8(c) (Optional 
Redemption as Result of Ratings Event), less than 
75% of the Noteholders of such Sub-Class voted in 
favour of redemption of such Notes. 
“Ratings Test” 
means receipt of a confirmation from each of at least two 
Rating Agencies (or, if at any time there is only one Rating 
Agency, that Rating Agency) that, in respect of any event or 
matter in respect of which such confirmation is required or 
sought, either: 
 
(a) 
no Ratings Event in respect of such Rating Agency 
has occurred or will occur as a result of the relevant 
event or matter; or 
 
(b) 
that Rating Agency will not downgrade any of the 
Notes as a result of the relevant event or matter. 
“Receiver” 
means any receiver, manager, receiver and manager or 
administrative receiver who (in the case of an administrative 
receiver) is a qualified person in accordance with the 
Insolvency Act 1986 and who is appointed:

--- Page 473 ---
452 
 
 
(a) 
by the Obligor Security Trustee under the Obligor 
Security Documents in respect of the whole or any part 
of the Obligor Security; or 
 
(b) 
by the Note Trustee (as assignee by way of security of 
the Issuer’s rights under the Obligor Transaction 
Documents) under the Obligor Floating Charge 
Agreement in respect of the whole or any part of the 
security granted in favour of the Issuer under the 
Obligor Floating Charge Agreement; or 
 
(c) 
by the Note Trustee under the Issuer Deed of Charge 
in respect of the whole or any part of the Issuer 
Security. 
“Redemption Amount” 
means (if such amount is provided in the Conditions) the 
amount payable upon redemption of the Notes in certain 
circumstances as specified in the relevant Conditions. 
“Region” 
means either: 
 
(a) 
London, the South East and Eastern, the Midlands, 
Wales and the South West, the North, Scotland and 
Northern Ireland as shown (in each case) on the plan 
included in Schedule 2 (Regions) with any Mortgaged 
Properties, or proposed Mortgaged Properties, which 
straddle boundaries between Regions being allocated 
to a particular Region by the Obligors by reference to 
the predominant Region in which the Mortgaged 
Property is located by land area; or 
 
(b) 
all areas outside the United Kingdom. 
“Registered Notes” 
means those Notes issued in registered form. 
“Registers of Scotland” 
means the Land Register of Scotland and the General 
Register of Sasines. 
“Registrar” 
means each and either of Deutsche Bank Trust Company 
Americas and Equiniti Limited in their respective capacities 
as registrar and any other entity appointed as a registrar from 
time to time, subject to and in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement. 
“Regulation S” 
means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

--- Page 474 ---
453 
 
“Regulation S Global Note 
Certificate” 
means, in relation to any Series, an unrestricted global note 
certificate representing the Notes of such Series in the form 
or substantially in the form set out in Part D (Form of 
Regulation S Global Note Certificate) of Schedule 2 to the 
Trust Deed and bearing any legend required by the 
applicable clearing system(s) for such Notes but not the Rule 
144A Legend. 
“Regulation S Individual 
Note Certificate” 
means, in relation to any Series, an unrestricted individual 
note certificate representing a Noteholder’s entire initial 
holding of Notes of such Series in the form or substantially in 
the form set out in Part C (Form of Regulation S Individual 
Note Certificate) of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed. 
“Reintroduced Property” 
means a real estate property which was (but is no longer) a 
Mortgaged Property. 
“REIT” 
means a real estate investment trust. 
“Released Obligor” 
means an entity which was an Obligor but in respect of which 
the Obligor Security Trustee executed a deed (the form of 
which is set out in the Common Terms Agreement) which 
released such entity from all of its obligations under the 
Obligor Transaction Documents. 
“Released Property” 
means a property which is no longer part of the Estate 
following the execution of a Property Release in respect of 
such property by the Obligor Security Trustee in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement. 
“Relevant Member” 
means a JerseyCo (other than a JerseyCo which is bare 
trustee for a company incorporated in England and Wales) 
or any of the partners of a Partnership. 
“Relevant Mid-Swap Rate” 
has the meaning given to such term in Condition 8(b)(i)(A) 
(Optional Redemption).  
“Rental Income” 
means the annual rent, licence fees and other analogous 
payments contractually receivable from Occupiers in respect 
of Mortgaged Properties (or any particular Mortgaged 
Property or any part thereof, as the case may be) pursuant 
to Leasing Agreements (excluding payments in respect of 
any service charge and insurance charge and, in cases 
where the annual rent, licence fee or other analogous 
payment contractually receivable as aforesaid is inclusive of 
service charge and insurance charge payments, excluding 
these elements on the basis of a proper assessment by the 
Principal Obligor’s directors of the payments that would be

--- Page 475 ---
454 
 
contractually receivable if service charge and insurance 
charge payments were separately payable). 
“Rental Loans” 
means loans made by any Non-Restricted Group Entity to 
Land Securities (Finance) Limited by way of annual rent, 
licence fees and similar payments, including amounts in 
respect of service charges and insurance charges, being 
paid by such Non-Restricted Group Entity’s tenants into a 
Collection Account. 
“Reorganisation Documents” 
means all the agreements and instruments, entered into on 
or about the Exchange Date which effect or relate to the 
transfer of shares or assets between members of the 
Landsec Group. 
“Replacement Cash 
Manager” 
means, at any time, the company (if any) not being a member 
of the Landsec Group which is appointed, for the time being, 
as cash manager under and in accordance with the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement. 
“Replacement Servicer” 
means, at any time, the company (if any) not being a member 
of the Landsec Group which is appointed for the time being 
as servicer under and in accordance with the Servicing 
Agreement. 
“Reporting Date” 
means the day which falls 90 days after the end of each 
Financial Half-Year or, if such day is not a Business Day, the 
following Business Day. 
“Representatives” 
means, in respect of Qualifying Debtholders who are 
Noteholders, the Note Trustee, and in respect of Qualifying 
Debtholders who are ACF Providers, such person as 
designated in the relevant ACF Agreement. 
“Required Liquidity Amount” 
means, at any time, the product of A x B x C, where: 
 
(a) 
“A” equals the number of percentage points by which 
the LTV exceeded 55% as of the most recent Liquidity 
Relevant Date (provided that “A” (i) shall be calculated 
to zero decimal places with all fractions being rounded 
down and (ii) shall not exceed 15); 
 
(b) 
“B” equals 1/15; and 
 
(c) 
“C” equals the aggregate of all interest expense (after 
taking account of hedging) that will accrue in respect 
of Non-Contingent Loans which are Priority 1 Debt 
during the 18-month period immediately following the

--- Page 476 ---
455 
 
most recent Liquidity Relevant Date (assuming for 
these purposes that (i) no repayments, Actual 
Prepayments or Buybacks will be made in respect of 
Priority 1 Debt during that period and (ii) in respect of 
Priority 1 Debt all applicable base or reference rates 
and margins will remain, throughout that period, as 
they were on the most recent Liquidity Relevant Date).
“Reset Ratings” 
means, in respect of any Sub-Class of Notes and any Rating 
Agency, the ratings assigned by that Rating Agency to such 
Sub-Class as of the date of the most recent Ratings Reset 
Event. 
“Residential Sector” 
means the use of a Mortgaged Property primarily for 
residential purposes within Use Class C3 of the Use Classes 
Order 1987. 
“Restricted Notes” 
has the meaning given to that term in the section entitled “— 
Form of Restricted Notes”, page 354, above. 
“Restricted Payment” 
means any payment or other disposal of cash or other funds 
or assets, including (but not restricted to) by way of advance 
of a loan, payment of a dividend or other return on capital, a 
distribution, payment of interest, payment of premium, 
repayment of a loan, payment of fees, the making of a gift or 
a capital contribution or reduction of capital, in each case, to 
a Non-Restricted Group Entity or a Stakeholder, or purchase 
of tax relief from a Non-Restricted Group Entity or a 
Stakeholder. 
“Restricted Payment 
Covenant” 
means the covenants referred to in “— Other Restricted 
Payments”, page 149, and “— Restricted Payments”, page 
152, above.  
“Restructuring Proposal 
Certificate” 
means a certificate delivered by the Principal Obligor to the 
Obligor Security Trustee, the Note Trustee and the Rating 
Agencies in relation to a proposed restructuring of the 
Security Group and/or the Estate and/or to make 
modifications to certain of the terms and conditions of, or the 
covenants contained in, the Common Terms Agreement 
and/or the other Transaction Documents which meets the 
relevant requirements set out in the Common Terms 
Agreement, all for an Accepted Restructuring Purpose, as 
described in “— Restructuring of the Security Group and the 
Estate”, page 99, above.

--- Page 477 ---
456 
 
“Retail Warehouses Sector” 
means the use of a Mortgaged Property primarily for retail 
warehouse purposes within Use Class A1 of the Use Classes 
Order 1987. 
“Revolving ICL Loan” 
means a Revolving R1 ICL Loan or a Revolving R2 ICL Loan.
“Revolving Loan” 
means 
any 
revolving 
loan 
outstanding 
under 
the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement or an ACF Agreement. 
“Revolving R2 ICL Loan” 
means a loan referable to the Class R2 Notes in circulation 
from time to time (if any) and made by the Issuer under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
“Revolving R1/R2 ACF 
Agreement” 
means an agreement which is designated as such and which 
meets certain additional criteria set out in the Common 
Terms Agreement. See “— Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loans”, 
page 105, above. 
“Revolving R1/R2 ACF 
Loans” 
means a Loan advanced from the R1/R2 Tranche of a 
Revolving R1/R2 ACF Agreement. 
“Revolving R1/R2 Loans” 
means the Revolving R1/R2 ACF Loans and the Revolving 
ICL Loans. 
“Revolving R1 ICL Loan” 
means a loan referable to the Class R1 Notes in circulation 
from time to time (if any) and made by the Issuer under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement. 
“Rights Release” 
means, in respect of any Mortgaged Property, a deed, 
agreement or other documents (which will in each case be in 
a form that shall have been agreed between the Obligor and 
the Obligor Security Trustee) that, upon the due execution 
thereof by the Obligor Security Trustee, will be effective to 
release or re-convey to the relevant Obligor the entire 
security interest in respect of particular rights and/or 
easements attached to and forming part of the Mortgaged 
Property held by the Obligor Security Trustee (for itself and 
on behalf of the Obligor Secured Creditors) under the Obligor 
Transaction Documents. 
“RM Security Structure” 
means the security structure effected by the RM Security 
Structure Documents in respect of such properties which any 
Relevant Member proposes to introduce into the Estate. 
“RM Security Structure 
Documents” 
means, in respect of any Relevant Member and any property 
which such Relevant Member proposes to introduce into the 
Estate, the relevant (i) Nominees’ legal charge, (ii) Relevant 
Member’s equitable charge, (iii) Trust Declaration and (iv)

--- Page 478 ---
457 
 
Beneficiary Undertaking, in each case as described in “— 
Trust Declarations and Beneficiary Undertakings”, page 214, 
above. 
“RPC Exception” 
means: 
 
(a) 
any Restricted Payment expressly permitted by an 
Obligor Transaction Document (including, without 
limitation, repayment by Land Securities (Finance) 
Limited of Rental Loans or Servicer Loans, payments 
to a Non-Restricted Group Entity made in accordance 
with the Obligor Transaction Documents and made to 
such Non-Restricted Group Entity solely in its capacity 
as an ACF Provider and payments for the purchase of 
tax relief where the relevant conditions in the Tax Deed 
of Covenant are satisfied); 
 
(b) 
any Restricted Payment made from the net proceeds 
arising out of (i) the issue of equity or (ii) any 
Subordinated Debt or Unsecured Debt provided to 
one or more Obligors in accordance with the terms of 
the Common Terms Agreement; 
 
(c) 
any Restricted Payment made as a Rating Affirmed 
Matter; and 
 
(d) 
any Restricted Payment constituting the consideration 
for an Acquisition on arm’s-length terms. 
“RPI Base Index Figure” 
means 188.1. 
“RPI Indexation” 
means, in respect of any number, that number multiplied by 
the RPI Index Ratio. 
“RPI Index Figure” 
means, at any time, the UK Retail Prices Index (RPI) (for all 
items) published by the Office for National Statistics (January 
1987 = 100) or any comparable index which may replace the 
UK Retail Prices Index (the relevant publication being the 
most recent publication prior to such time and the relevant 
RPI Index Figure being that relating to the month before that 
of publication). 
“RPI Index Ratio” 
means, at any time, the RPI Index Figure divided by the RPI 
Base Index Figure. 
“Rule 144A” 
means Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

--- Page 479 ---
458 
 
“Rule 144A Global 
Certificate” 
means, in relation to any Series, a global note certificate 
representing the Restricted Notes of such Series to be 
issued in the form set out in Part B (Form of Rule 144A Global 
Certificate) of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed and bearing the 
Rule 144A Legend and any legends required by the 
applicable clearing system(s) for such Notes. 
“Rule 144A Individual Note 
Certificate” 
means, in relation to any Series, a restricted individual note 
certificate representing a Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Notes of such Series and in the form or substantially in the 
form set out in Part A (Form of Rule 144 individual Note 
Certificate) of Schedule 2 to the Trust Deed and bearing the 
Rule 144A Legend. 
“Rule 144A Legend” 
means the transfer restriction legend setting out the 
restrictions on the transfer of the Notes offered and sold 
within the US to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A in 
substantially the forms set out in the Rule 144A Global 
Certificate and the Rule 144A Individual Note Certificate. 
“S&P” 
means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or its successor 
by way of name change or merger from time to time. 
“Sales Proceeds” 
means, in relation to the Disposal of a Mortgaged Property 
or of an Obligor (i) the gross proceeds of sale thereof (and of 
any other part of the Charged Property sold in connection 
with any Mortgaged Property) as and when received by the 
relevant vendor Obligor(s) less (ii) an amount equal to the 
costs and expenses incurred by the relevant vendor 
Obligor(s) in connection with the relevant Disposal (including 
any amount to be paid in respect of any indemnity relating to 
such costs and expenses) or, where the Disposal is for a non-
cash consideration in whole or in part and where a T3 
Covenant Regime applies, the amount which the Obligors 
are obliged to credit to the Disposal Proceeds Account 
pursuant to the provision in “— Disposal and Insurance 
Proceeds”, page 155, above. 
“Scheduled Calculation 
Dates” 
means: 
 
(a) 
if the T1 Covenant Regime or the T2 Covenant 
Regime applies, the last day of each Financial Half-
Year (commencing on 31 March 2005); or 
 
(b) 
if a T3 Covenant Regime applies, the last day of each 
Financial Half-Year (commencing on 31 March 2005)

--- Page 480 ---
459 
 
and each day falling three months after the last day of 
each Financial Half-Year. 
“Scottish Assets” 
means all assets of the Obligors situated in, or governed by 
the laws of, Scotland. 
“Scottish Property” 
means any one or more of the Mortgaged Properties or 
proposed Mortgaged Properties located in Scotland. 
“SD Headroom Test” 
means the test, conducted from time to time in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement, pursuant to which it will 
be determined whether certain proposed drawings of Further 
Subordinated Debt are Permitted Drawings, as described in 
“— Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, above.. 
“Secondary Debt Rank” 
means sub-ranks, established by the Obligors in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement, which specify the 
ranking (in point of security only) of Subordinated ICL Loans 
and Subordinated ACF Loans inter se. See “— Ranking of 
Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above. 
“Sector” 
means the Office Sector, Shopping Centres and Shops 
Sector, Retail Warehouses Sector, Industrial Sector, 
Residential Sector, Leisure and Hotels Sector or Other 
Sector. 
“Sector Concentration Limit” 
means a limit imposed by the Common Terms Agreement on 
the percentage of Total Collateral Value that may be 
attributable to any Sector. See “— Sector diversity – negative 
covenant”, page 137, above.  
“Secured Creditor 
Instruction” 
means any instruction given to the Obligor Security Trustee 
as approved in a Debtholders’ Meeting or separate 
Debtholders’ Meetings, if so required by the Obligor Security 
Trustee. 
“Secured Creditors” 
means the Issuer Secured Creditors and the Obligor 
Secured Creditors. 
“Secured Financial 
Indebtedness” 
means any Financial Indebtedness of a member of the 
Security Group which is secured under the Obligor Security 
Documents. 
“Secured Obligations” 
means all present and future obligations and liabilities 
(whether actual or contingent and whether owed jointly or 
severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each

--- Page 481 ---
460 
 
Obligor to any Obligor Secured Creditor under each Obligor 
Transaction Document to which such Obligor is a party. 
“Securities Act” 
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. 
“Security Group” 
means all the Obligors. 
“Security Group Net Debt 
Outstanding” 
means, at any time, a sum equal to the aggregate of each 
Obligor’s Financial Indebtedness then outstanding (without 
double counting), less the sum of the aggregate amount then 
standing to the credit of the Debt Collateralisation Account, 
the Disposal Proceeds Account, any Liquidity Facility 
Reserve Account (but only to the extent that the standby loan 
drawn under the relevant Liquidity Facility Agreement and 
deposited into such Liquidity Facility Reserve Account is 
treated as Financial Indebtedness for the purposes of this 
definition) and any Approved Blocked Account and the value 
of any Eligible Investments then held by any Obligor and 
made with funds standing to the credit of the Debt 
Collateralisation Account, the Disposal Proceeds Account, 
any Liquidity Facility Reserve Account (subject as provided 
above) or any Approved Blocked Account, provided that, for 
the purposes of this definition: 
 
(a) 
to the extent that any Financial Indebtedness 
comprises loan guarantees, loan indemnities or 
similar instruments granted by an Obligor to a Non-
Restricted Group Entity or other third party, the 
maximum principal amount from time to time 
outstanding under such loan and at that time 
guaranteed, indemnified or otherwise payable under 
each such guarantee, indemnity or similar instrument, 
as applicable, shall be included as the amount of 
Financial Indebtedness in respect thereof; 
 
(b) 
to the extent that any Financial Indebtedness 
comprises a Performance Bond, 15% of the fixed, 
liquidated or maximum principal amount payable in 
respect of such Performance Bond from time to time 
shall be included as the amount of Financial 
Indebtedness in respect thereof; 
 
(c) 
if any ICL Loan corresponds to a Sub-Class of Notes 
which are Zero Coupon Notes or Indexed Notes, the 
Obligors’ liability in respect of such Loan will be treated 
as being equal to the cost of prepaying such Notes at

--- Page 482 ---
461 
 
that 
time 
(excluding 
any 
penalties 
for 
early 
redemption); and 
 
(d) 
if any Financial Indebtedness of any Obligor is a 
guarantee or similar instrument in respect of any item 
that would be comprised in Security Group Net Debt 
Outstanding referred to in any of (a) to (c) above, if 
owed by an Obligor (but is owed by a person other 
than an Obligor), the liability under such guarantee or 
other instrument shall be treated as the amount that 
would be taken into account in determining Security 
Group Net Debt Outstanding in respect of such item. 
“Security Group Post-
Enforcement (Post-
Acceleration) Priority of 
Payments” 
means the priority of payments applicable to the Security 
Group after the enforcement of the Obligor Security and 
Acceleration of the Secured Obligations set out in “— 
Security 
Group 
Post-Enforcement 
(Post-Acceleration) 
Priority of Payments”, page 210, above. 
“Security Group Post-
Enforcement (Pre-
Acceleration) Priority of 
Payments” 
means the priority of payments applicable to the Security 
Group after the enforcement of the Obligor Security but 
before the Acceleration of the Secured Obligations set out in 
“— Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-Acceleration) 
Priority of Payments”, page 205, above. 
“Security Group Pre-
Enforcement Priority of 
Payments” 
means the priority of payments applicable to the Security 
Group before the enforcement of the Obligor Security set out 
in “— Security Group Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments”, on page 204, above.  
“Security Group Priority of 
Payments” 
means the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, the Security Group Post-Enforcement (Pre-
Acceleration) Priority of Payments or the Security Group 
Post-Enforcement (Post-Acceleration) Priority of Payments 
(whichever applies at the relevant time). 
“Security Trust and 
Intercreditor Deed” 
means the security trust and intercreditor deed dated 3 
November 2004 and entered into between the Obligors, 
Land Securities Group PLC, the Issuer, the Note Trustee, the 
Obligor Security Trustee, the Obligor Secured Creditors and 
others. 
“Sequential Prepayment 
Regime” 
means the regime, set out in the Common Terms Agreement, 
that requires certain Prepayments of Loans made pursuant 
to the Mandatory Prepayment Provisions, while an Event of 
Default is continuing unwaived or while a T3 Covenant

--- Page 483 ---
462 
 
Regime applies to be made in descending order of seniority. 
See “— Order of Prepayment”, page 118, above. 
“Series” 
means, in respect of each Issue Date, the series of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme on such Issue Date. 
“Series 2 ICL Loan” 
means an advance made by the Issuer to FinCo under the 
Intercompany Loan Agreement funded using the proceeds of 
issue of a Sub-Class of the Series 2 Notes. 
“Series 2 Notes” 
means the four Sub-Classes of Class A Notes issued by the 
Issuer on 17 March 2005. 
“Servicer” 
means Land Securities Properties Limited in its capacity as 
servicer to the Security Group or such other entity or entities 
appointed as servicer from time to time, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
“Servicer Loan” 
means loans made to FinCo by any Non-Restricted Group 
Entity by way of such Non-Restricted Group Entity 
discharging, on behalf of an Obligor, any liability of that 
Obligor in respect of operating costs and expenses relating 
to its Permitted Business(es). 
“Services” 
has the meaning given to it in “— Services”, page 225, 
above.  
“Servicing Agreement” 
means 
the 
agreement 
described 
in 
“— 
Servicing 
Agreement”, page 225, above. 
“Shopping Centres and 
Shops Sector” 
means the use of a Mortgaged Property primarily for retail 
purposes within Use Classes A1 (other than retail 
warehouses), A2 or A3 of the Use Classes Order 1987. 
“Shortfall” 
means, in respect of the Security Group Pre-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments, a shortfall in Available Cash as 
compared to the aggregate amount due and payable on the 
day in question in respect of each item (other than the last 
item) in the Security Group Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
“Single Tenant” 
means any one tenant or any group of tenants who are 
affiliates of each other. (For the purposes of this definition, 
two persons will be affiliates of each other if (i) one such 
person is a direct or indirect subsidiary or subsidiary 
undertaking of the other person, (ii) one such person 
expressly and unconditionally guarantees the obligations of 
the other person under the relevant Leasing Agreement, (iii)

--- Page 484 ---
463 
 
both such persons are direct or indirect subsidiaries or 
subsidiary undertakings of a third person or (iv) the 
obligations of both such persons under the relevant Leasing 
Agreements are expressly and unconditionally guaranteed 
by the same third person.) 
“Specific Tax Reserve 
Account” 
means the account designated as the “Specific Tax 
Reserve Account”, held in the name of FinCo and 
maintained by the Account Bank pursuant to the Account 
Bank and Cash Management Agreement, or any other such 
account so designated in the name of FinCo as may be 
opened, with the consent of the Obligor Security Trustee, at 
any branch of the Account Bank or at an Eligible Bank in 
replacement of such account. 
“Specified Arrangement” 
means, in summary, certain transactions or series of 
transactions (other than certain types of transactions, 
including, inter alia, disposals) to which an Obligor becomes 
a party, the tax treatment of which has particular attributes or 
effects which would have a material effect on the taxation of 
that Obligor. 
“Stakeholder” 
means (i) a holder (other than an Obligor) of shares or other 
ownership interests (including a partnership interest) in any 
Obligor and (ii) any provider of services (including, but not 
limited to, cash management services) to the Security Group 
which is a Non-Restricted Group Entity. 
“Standard Securities” 
means the Initial Standard Securities and the Supplemental 
Standard Securities. 
“Step-Up Amounts” 
means any (i) Priority 1 Debt Step-Up Amount, (ii) Priority 2 
Debt Step-Up Amount, or (iii) Subordinated Debt Step-Up 
Amount. 
“sterling” 
means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom as at the 
Exchange Date. 
“STID Floating Security” 
means the floating charges granted by the Obligors in favour 
of the Obligor Security Trustee pursuant to the Security Trust 
and Intercreditor Deed (see the section entitled “— Fixed and 
floating security granted by the Obligors”, page 172, above).
“Sub-Class” 
means: 
 
(a) 
in respect of Notes, Notes of a particular Class which 
are identical with each other (save, in the case of

--- Page 485 ---
464 
 
fungible 
Notes, 
as 
to 
Issue 
Date, 
Interest 
Commencement Date and Issue Price); 
 
(b) 
in respect of Noteholders, Noteholders holding a 
particular Sub-Class of Notes; 
 
(c) 
in respect of ACF Providers, (i) where one or more 
ACF Providers (under a single ACF Agreement) are 
making one or more ACF Loans ranking in a single 
point of security, such ACF Provider (or ACF 
Providers) party to such ACF Agreement, and (ii) 
where one or more ACF Providers (under a single ACF 
Agreement) are making one or more ACF Loans 
ranking in multiple points of security, such ACF 
Provider (or ACF Providers) party to such ACF 
Agreement who are making ACF Loans ranking at a 
single point of security; 
 
(d) 
in respect of Debtholders, a Sub-Class of Noteholders 
or a Sub-Class of ACF Providers; and 
 
(e) 
in respect of Qualifying Debtholders, a Class of 
Noteholders who are Qualifying Debtholders or a Sub-
Class 
of ACF 
Providers 
who 
are 
Qualifying 
Debtholders. 
“SubCo” 
means LS Nominees Holdings Limited. 
“Subordinated ACF Loans” 
means ACF Loans having the Primary Debt Rank of 
Subordinated Debt. 
“Subordinated ACF Provider” 
means each ACF Provider which is a provider of Permitted 
Financial Indebtedness ranking in point of security after 
Priority 2 Debt. 
“Subordinated Debt” 
means any Financial Indebtedness of any of the Obligors 
which is incurred after the Exchange Date and in compliance 
with the Common Terms Agreement and which is attributed 
the Primary Debt Rank of “Subordinated Debt” in 
accordance with the provisions described in “— Ranking of 
Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above. 
“Subordinated Debt Split” 
means the establishment by the Obligors of Secondary Debt 
Ranks for each Subordinated ICL Loan and Subordinated 
ACF Loan in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement. See “— Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, 
page 106, above.

--- Page 486 ---
465 
 
“Subordinated Debt Step-Up 
Amounts” 
means any amount of interest payable in respect of any ICL 
Loans or ACF Loans constituting Subordinated Debt which 
represents an increase of margin (in the case of Floating 
Rate Loans) or an increase in interest rate (in the case of 
Fixed Rate Loans) (i) from a specific date for any reason or 
(ii) (in the case of an ACF Loan) due to a failure to pay any 
amount due under such ACF Agreement. 
“Subordinated Debt 
Subordinated Amounts” 
means, in relation to any Subordinated Debt: 
 
(a) 
(in relation to ACF Loans) any increased costs payable 
under any ACF Agreement save to the extent that such 
increased costs represent the cost of regulatory 
capital attributable to the ACF Loans; and 
 
(b) 
any Subordinated Debt Step-Up Amount. 
“Subordinated ICL Loans” 
means ICL Loans having the Primary Debt Rank of 
Subordinated Debt. 
“Subordinated Notes” 
means any Class of Notes designated as such pursuant to a 
Final Terms (with the ranking in point of security among 
Classes of Subordinated Notes being determined in 
accordance with the Security Trust and Intercreditor Deed 
and specified in the relevant Final Terms on the basis of the 
agreement reached in accordance with the Common Terms 
Agreement (see paragraph (c) of the section entitled “— 
Ranking of Financial Indebtedness”, page 106, above)). 
“Subscription Agreement” 
means an agreement supplemental to the Dealership 
Agreement substantially in the form set out in Schedule 7 
(Pro Forma Subscription Agreement) to the Dealership 
Agreement or in such other form as may be agreed between, 
inter alios, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Supplemental Standard 
Securities” 
means each first ranking standard security in terms of the 
Conveyancing and Feudal Reform (Scotland) Act 1970 
granted over a Scottish Property substantially in the form set 
out in a Schedule to the Security Trust and Intercreditor 
Deed, entered into after the Exchange Date. 
“Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus” 
means a supplement to this Base Prospectus prepared in 
accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and which has been approved by the Central Bank or, where 
the context requires, such a supplement which has been 
prepared for approval by the Central Bank.

--- Page 487 ---
466 
 
“Surrender” 
means the surrender of any Leasing Agreement or other 
voluntary disposal or relinquishment of the right to receive 
Rental Income (or analogous payments) from any Occupier 
(and “surrendered” shall be construed accordingly). 
“Surrender Amount” 
means, in respect of any Surrender, the aggregate net 
present value of each lease payment foregone as a result of 
such Surrender, which shall be calculated in respect of each 
such payment by applying a reinvestment rate certified in 
writing by two Authorised Signatories to the Obligor Security 
Trustee as being available in respect of amounts credited to 
the Income Replacement Account (which may be a special 
rate agreed with the Account Bank in respect of the particular 
Surrender Amount). 
“Surrender Threshold” 
means, as at any date, 2% of the Passing Rent projected to 
be receivable from the Estate (as determined by the Obligors 
as of the most recent Tier Test Calculation Date over the 
period of 12 months commencing on such Calculation Date).
“Swap Agreement” 
means an agreement between an Obligor and a Swap 
Counterparty for the purpose of effecting one or more Swap 
Transactions. 
“Swap Collateral Account” 
means, in relation to a Swap Agreement, an account 
designated as a “Swap Collateral Account”, held in the 
name of the Obligor which is party to the Swap Agreement 
and maintained with the Account Bank pursuant to the terms 
of the Account Bank and Cash Management Agreement, or 
such other account as may be opened with the consent of 
the Obligor Security Trustee, at any branch of the Account 
Bank or at an Eligible Bank to replace such designated 
account(s). 
“Swap Counterparties” 
means any swap counterparties with which any Obligor 
enters into any Swap Agreement, and “Swap Counterparty” 
means any one of them.  
“Swap Counterparty 
Downgrade” 
means 
the 
short 
term 
or 
long 
term 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of a 
Swap 
Counterparty 
being 
rated 
below 
the 
Swap 
Counterparty Minimum Short Term Ratings or the Swap 
Counterparty Minimum Long Term Ratings, respectively 
(and, in the case of a downgrade by S&P or Fitch, as a result 
of such downgrade the then current rating of any Sub-Class 
of Notes is downgraded or placed under review for possible 
downgrade by S&P or Fitch, as applicable).

--- Page 488 ---
467 
 
“Swap Counterparty 
Minimum Long Term 
Ratings” 
means: 
 
(a) 
for any Swap Counterparty where the Swap 
Transaction is an interest rate swap or similar, that the 
long 
term 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of such Swap 
Counterparty are rated at least BBB- by S&P, A1 by 
Moody’s and A by Fitch (whichever of them are Rating 
Agencies at the relevant time), or such other rating as 
may be agreed with the relevant Rating Agency from 
time to time; 
 
(b) 
for any Swap Counterparty where the Swap 
Transaction is a currency swap or similar, that the long 
term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed 
debt obligations of such Swap Counterparty are rated 
at least BBB- by S&P, A1 by Moody’s and A+ by Fitch 
(whichever of them are Rating Agencies at the 
relevant time), or such other rating as may be agreed 
with the relevant Rating Agency from time to time; or 
 
(c) 
for any Swap Counterparty where the Swap 
Transaction is not an interest rate swap, a currency 
swap or similar, that the long term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of 
such Swap Counterparty have such rating as may be 
agreed with the relevant Rating Agency from time to 
time. 
“Swap Counterparty 
Minimum Short Term 
Ratings” 
means: 
 
(a) 
for any Swap Counterparty where the Swap 
Transaction is an interest rate swap or similar, that the 
short 
term 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of such Swap 
Counterparty are rated at least A-1 by S&P, P-1 by 
Moody’s and F1 by Fitch (whichever of them are 
Rating Agencies at the relevant time), or such other 
rating as may be agreed with the relevant Rating 
Agency from time to time; 
 
(b) 
for any Swap Counterparty where the Swap 
Transaction is a currency swap or similar, that the 
short 
term 
unsecured, 
unsubordinated 
and

--- Page 489 ---
468 
 
unguaranteed debt obligations of such Swap 
Counterparty are rated at least A-1+ by S&P, P-1 by 
Moody’s and F1 by Fitch (whichever of them are 
Rating Agencies at the relevant time), or such other 
rating as may be agreed with the relevant Rating 
Agency from time to time; or 
 
(c) 
for any Swap Counterparty where the Swap 
Transaction is not an interest rate swap, a currency 
swap or similar, that the short term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of 
such Swap Counterparty have such rating as may be 
agreed with the relevant Rating Agency from time to 
time. 
“Swap Excluded Amount 
Account” 
means, in relation to a Swap Agreement, an account 
designated as a “Swap Excluded Amount Account”, held 
in the name of the Obligor which is party to such Swap 
Agreement and maintained with the Account Bank pursuant 
to the terms of the Account Bank and Cash Management 
Agreement, or such other account as may be opened with 
the consent of the Obligor Security Trustee, at any branch of 
the Account Bank or at an Eligible Bank to replace such 
designated account(s). 
“Swap Excluded Amounts” 
means: 
 
(a) 
amounts standing to the credit of any Swap Collateral 
Account; 
 
(b) 
an amount equal to any tax credit received by an 
Obligor in respect of any additional payment made by 
a Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the applicable Swap Agreement as a result of the 
imposition of tax upon the payment due from such 
Swap Counterparty; and 
 
(c) 
any premium received by an Obligor from a 
replacement 
Swap 
Counterparty 
providing 
a 
replacement Swap Transaction. 
“Swap Excluded Obligation” 
means, in accordance with the terms of any Swap 
Agreement, any obligation of the Obligor party thereto to the 
applicable Swap Counterparty to: (i) return collateral 
equivalent to that provided by such Swap Counterparty; or 
(ii) pay an amount equal to any tax credit received by such 
Obligor in respect of any additional payment made by the

--- Page 490 ---
469 
 
Swap Counterparty as a result of the imposition of tax upon 
the payment due from such Swap Counterparty. 
“Swap Subordinated 
Amounts” 
means any amount due to a Swap Counterparty from any 
Obligor on termination of a Swap Agreement due to the 
occurrence of (i) an event of default where the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is the defaulting party or (ii) any termination 
event due to a Swap Counterparty Downgrade. 
“Swap Termination Amounts” 
means any amount due to a Swap Counterparty from any 
Obligor on termination of a Swap Agreement, but excluding 
any amount which constitutes a Swap Subordinated Amount.
“Swap Transaction” 
means any currency or interest rate purchase, cap or collar 
agreement, forward rate agreement, interest rate agreement, 
interest rate or currency or future or option contract, foreign 
exchange or currency purchase or sale agreement, interest 
rate swap, currency swap or combined similar agreement or 
any derivative transaction protecting against fluctuations in 
any interest rate or currency price or inflation. 
“T1 Covenant Regime” 
means the covenant regime that will apply under the 
Common Terms Agreement if none of the T1 Thresholds are 
breached at the relevant time. See “— Determining the 
Applicable Covenant Regime”, page 133, and “— Applicable 
Covenants”, page 135, above. 
“T1 Covenants” 
means the covenants described in “— T1 Covenants”, page 
136, above. 
“T1 Threshold” 
means, in the case of: 
 
(a) 
LTV and Additional LTV, 55% (or 50% if the relevant 
Calculation Date falls within a Change of Control 
Period); and 
 
(b) 
Historical ICR, Pro Forma Historical ICR, Projected 
ICR and Additional Projected ICR, 1.85:1. 
“T2 Covenant Regime” 
means the covenant regime that will apply under the 
Common Terms Agreement if any of the T1 Thresholds, but 
none of the T2 Thresholds, are breached at the relevant time. 
See “— Determining the Applicable Covenant Regime”, page 
133, and “— Applicable Covenants”, page 135, above. 
“T2 Covenants” 
means the covenants described in “— T2 Covenants”, page 
149, above.

--- Page 491 ---
470 
 
“T2 Threshold” 
means, in the case of: 
 
(a) 
LTV and Additional LTV, 65% (or 60% if the relevant 
Calculation Date falls within a Change of Control 
Period and, earlier in that Change of Control Period, 
the LTV was less than 60%); and 
 
(b) 
Historical ICR, Pro Forma Historical ICR, Projected 
ICR and Additional Projected ICR, 1.45:1. 
“T3 Covenant Regime” 
means either the Initial T3 Covenant Regime or the Final T3 
Covenant Regime. 
“T3 Covenants” 
means the Initial T3 Covenants and the Final T3 Covenants.
“T3 Prepayment Provision” 
means the provision of the Common Terms Agreement that 
will require the Obligors to Prepay Non-Contingent Loans in 
accordance with the most recent Amortisation Schedule for 
so long as a T3 Covenant Regime applies. See “— While a 
T3 Covenant Regime applies”, page 120, above.  
“Talons” 
has the meaning given to that term in Condition 1(b) (Title). 
“TARGET2 System” 
means the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System. 
“Tax” 
means any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty or other 
charge or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including 
any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure 
to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed, 
collected or assessed by, or payable to a Tax Authority other 
than any non-domestic rates (as imposed by the Local 
Government Finance Act 1992) and “Taxes”, “taxation”, 
“taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” 
means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or 
other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise authority, body or 
official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, 
customs or excise function with respect to Tax (including 
HMRC). 
“Tax Deed of Covenant” 
means the deed of covenant dated 3 November 2004 and 
entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Obligors, 
Land Securities Group PLC, the Cash Manager, the Note 
Trustee and the Obligor Security Trustee.

--- Page 492 ---
471 
 
“Tax Reserve Accounts” 
means the General Tax Reserve Account and the Specific 
Tax Reserve Account. 
“TEFRA C Rules” 
means United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163 – 
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor Treasury Regulation section 
including, 
without 
limitation, 
regulations 
issued 
in 
accordance with United States Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United 
States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010.
“TEFRA D Rules” 
means United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163 – 
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor Treasury Regulation section 
including, 
without 
limitation, 
regulations 
issued 
in 
accordance with United States Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United 
States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010). 
“Temporary Global Note” 
means, in relation to any Series, a temporary global note in 
the form or substantially in the form set out in Part A (Form 
of Temporary Global Note) of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed. 
“Tenant Concentration Limit” 
means a limit imposed by the Common Terms Agreement on 
the percentage of Rental Income that may be receivable from 
any Single Tenant. See “—  
Tenant concentration limit”, page 138, above.  
“Term ICL Loans” 
means the Initial ICL Loans and any other ICL Loan which is 
not a Revolving ICL Loan. 
“Tier Determination Date” 
means, in respect of the Tier Tests, the date upon which such 
Tier Tests are conducted (being no later than the latest date 
on or by which the relevant Calculation Certificate in respect 
of such Tier Tests is required to be delivered). 
“Tier Test Calculation Dates” 
means each Scheduled Calculation Date and Optional 
Calculation Date. 
“Tier Tests” 
means the calculation of the LTV, the Projected ICR and (if 
the Obligors have elected or are required to calculate it as of 
the relevant date) the Historical ICR. 
“Tier Threshold” 
means the T1 Threshold, the T2 Threshold or the Initial T3 
Threshold.

--- Page 493 ---
472 
 
“Title Overview Reports” 
has the meaning given to it in “— Investigations of Title”, 
page 55, above. 
“Total Collateral Value” 
means, at any time, the aggregate of the value of all Further 
Credit Assets (as determined in accordance with such criteria 
as have been agreed with the Rating Agencies as of that 
time) and the market value of the Estate as shown in the 
most recent Valuation Report on the Estate, in the latter case, 
as adjusted to take account of: 
 
(a) 
in respect of any Mortgaged Property (other than a 
Trading Property) valued in connection with the most 
recent Valuation Report on the Estate which has been 
Disposed of by an Obligor after the date thereof, by 
deducting the Market Value of such Mortgaged 
Property; 
 
(b) 
in respect of any Mortgaged Property (other than a 
Trading Property) added to, and remaining in, the 
Estate since the most recent Valuation Report on the 
Estate, by adding the Market Value of such Mortgaged 
Property; 
 
(c) 
in respect of any Mortgaged Property (the legal and 
beneficial title of which is owned by an Obligor which 
has ceased to be under Common Control), by 
deducting the Market Value attributable to each of 
such Mortgaged Properties valued in connection with 
the most recent Valuation Report on the Estate; 
 
(d) 
in relation to any Development Projects, by adding an 
amount equal to all costs of development spent by the 
Obligors in respect of such Development Projects 
since the date of the most recent Valuation Reports for 
such Development Projects (as determined by the 
Obligors using the most recent information available 
to them, which information shall in any case be no 
older than the information set out in the most recently 
available month-end management accounts of the 
Security Group), provided that the Development Test 
is satisfied as of the most recent Tier Test Calculation 
Date; 
 
(e) 
in relation to any Mortgaged Property which is a 
Trading Property, by adding the Market Value of such 
Trading Property; and

--- Page 494 ---
473 
 
 
(f) 
in relation to any Mortgaged Property in respect of 
which the Obligors have actual knowledge that the 
Agreed Form of Security does not exist in favour of the 
Obligor Security Trustee or any Forfeiture Risk 
Property, by deducting the Market Value of such 
Mortgaged Property, 
 
provided that, for the purposes of (d) above, if the 
Development Test is not satisfied as of the most recent Tier 
Test Calculation Date, the Market Values of certain of the 
relevant Development Projects shall be reduced to the 
relevant site value, which, in such circumstances, shall be 
requested by the Obligors of the Valuers as an update to the 
latest Valuation Report(s) for such Development Projects. 
The Development Projects whose Market Value will be 
reduced will be those selected by the Obligors, but on the 
basis that the Development Test must be met in relation to 
the remaining Development Projects and provided further 
that, for the purposes of the Calculation Tests and the 
Development Test only: 
 
(i) 
Total Collateral Value shall be adjusted by deducting 
from it the aggregate of the Deduction Amounts for 
each Relevant Obligor; 
 
(ii) 
“Relevant Obligor” means an Obligor identified as 
such by the Principal Obligor which: 
 
(1) 
is not a holding company or an intermediate 
holding company; 
 
(2) 
on the basis of its Latest Accounts, has 
unsecured creditors in excess of £2,000 
(subject to Indexation); and 
 
(3) 
owns Additional Assets, 
 
provided that any Obligor which was a Relevant Obligor 
according to its Latest Accounts but has ceased to be an 
Obligor before the relevant Calculation Date shall be 
disregarded. 
“Trading Property” 
means a Mortgaged Property or Nominated Eligible Property 
which has been designated as such by the Principal Obligor 
pursuant to a notice in writing to the Obligor Security Trustee.

--- Page 495 ---
474 
 
“Transaction Document” 
means an Issuer Transaction Document or an Obligor 
Transaction Document. 
“Transaction Indexation” 
means Indexation but replacing the number 1 in that 
definition with 3/5. 
“Transaction LTV” 
means the LTV calculated assuming that the Security Group 
has borrowed on the date of calculation an amount equal to 
the Deemed Tax Borrowings. 
“Transaction LTV Calculation 
Date” 
means, in summary, in relation to a transaction in relation to 
which the Transaction LTV Test is required to be run, a date 
prior to (but not more than 10 Business Days prior to) the 
date on which any Obligor either: 
 
(a) 
effects a disposal outside of the CGT Group (which 
shall for these purposes include the crystallisation of a 
Degrouping Charge) in respect of which the Disposal 
Tax is in excess of £25,000,000 (subject to 
Indexation), resulting in the aggregate amount of 
Disposal Tax within the Security Group in respect of 
disposals 
exceeding 
£50,000,000 
(subject 
to 
Transaction Indexation); or 
 
(b) 
enters into (or is treated for the purposes of the 
Transaction LTV Test as entering into) a Specified 
Arrangement where the aggregate unpaid Transaction 
Tax in respect of that and any other Specified 
Arrangements previously entered into by member(s) 
of the Security Group is in excess of £50,000,000 
(subject to Transaction Indexation). 
“Transaction LTV Test” 
means the calculation of the Transaction LTV. 
“Transaction Tax” 
means, in summary, a potential saving of Tax on the part of 
any member or members of the Security Group in respect of 
a Specified Arrangement which is not supported by a 
satisfactory legal opinion to the standard, and issued by a 
law firm or QC of the standing or (in relation to VAT) a firm of 
accountants stipulated in the Tax Deed of Covenant, the 
amount thereof in relation to any particular Specified 
Arrangement to be computed in accordance with the Tax 
Deed of Covenant. 
“Transfer Agents” 
means the Principal Transfer Agent and any other transfer 
agent appointed from time to time, subject to and in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 496 ---
475 
 
“Trust Declaration” 
means any agreement setting out the terms whereby two 
Trustees of Land which are Obligors hold the title to a 
Mortgaged Property for the Obligor that owns such 
Mortgaged Property beneficially. 
“Trust Deed” 
means the trust deed dated 3 November 2004 and entered 
into between the Issuer and the Note Trustee as amended, 
supplemented and restated from time to time. 
“Trust Property” 
means, in respect of any Nominee, those Mortgaged 
Properties held by such Nominee as a Trustee of Land for a 
Relevant Member pursuant to the RM Security Structure 
Documents. 
“Trustee of Land” 
means a person appointed, jointly with one or more other 
persons, as a trustee of land (as that phrase is interpreted 
under the Trusts of Land and Appointment of Trustees Act 
1996). 
“UD Headroom Test” 
means the test, conducted from time to time in accordance 
with the Common Terms Agreement, pursuant to which it will 
be determined whether certain proposed drawings of 
Unsecured Debt are Permitted Drawings, as described in “— 
Permitted Financial Indebtedness”, page 108, above.. 
“UK CRA Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
“UK MiFIR” 
means Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
“UK Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
“Undivided Property” 
has the meaning given to it in “— Division of Mortgaged 
Properties”, page 95, above;. 
“Unsecured Debt” 
means Financial Indebtedness incurred by any Obligor that 
is not Secured Financial Indebtedness. 
“Unsecured Debt Limit” 
means, on any date, the higher of (a) £150,000,000 and (b) 
2% of the Total Collateral Value as at that date.

--- Page 497 ---
476 
 
“Valuation Haircut” 
means the discount agreed with the Rating Agencies and 
applied to the market value of FCAs to determine their 
contribution to the Total Collateral Value. 
“Valuation Report” 
means, in respect of a Mortgaged Property, the most recent 
report by the Valuers on the Market Value of such Mortgaged 
Property, as contained in either (a) the Valuation Report on 
the Estate, or (b) the Intermediate Valuation Report relating 
to that Mortgaged Property (if any), whichever is the more 
recent, and, in respect of a Nominated Eligible Property, the 
most recent report by the Valuers on the Market Value of 
such Nominated Eligible Property in the valuation report by 
the Valuers in relation to such Nominated Eligible Property 
dated not more than 12 months before the Mortgage Date in 
respect of such Mortgaged Property which shall in all cases 
specify the applicable Sector(s) and Region for such 
Mortgaged Property. 
“Valuation Report on the 
Estate” 
means the most recent valuation report issued by the Valuers 
with respect to the Estate as at the date thereof provided 
that, in each case, it shall have been duly delivered to the 
Obligor Security Trustee in accordance with the Common 
Terms Agreement. 
“Valuers” 
means Knight Frank LLP, Jones Lang LaSalle, CB Richard 
Ellis, DTZ, Cushman & Wakefield Healey & Baker, King 
Sturge, Weatherall Green & Smith FPD Savills, Capital Retail 
Property Consultants, Strutt & Parker and Allsop in each 
case including successors to such firms or any firm arising 
as a result of a merger entered into by one or more of these 
firms or such other valuer instructed by the Obligors as may 
have been approved by the Obligor Security Trustee and 
“Valuer” means any one of the foregoing. 
“Zero Coupon Notes” 
means Notes (other than Class R Notes) designated as such 
in the relevant Final Terms which do not bear interest.

--- Page 498 ---
477 
 
SCHEDULE 1 
DETAILS OF OBLIGORS AS AT THE DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
OBLIGOR 
REGISTERED 
NUMBER 
PLACE OF 
INCORPORATION 
Land Securities Intermediate Limited 
05075691 
England 
Land Securities PLC 
00551412 
England 
LS Portfolio Investments Limited 
04161225 
England 
LS Property Finance Company Limited 
05163698 
England 
LS Nominees Holdings Limited 
05196142 
England 
Land Securities (Finance) Limited 
00680609 
England 
Land Securities Portfolio Management 
Limited 
03934750 
England 
LS Qam Limited 
04089272 
England 
Dashwood House Limited 
02514081 
England 
LS1 Sherwood Street Developer Limited  
04364857 
England 
Gunwharf Quays Limited 
04056210 
England 
LS Hotels Limited 
06046966 
England 
Land Securities Buchanan Street 
Developments Limited 
06123111 
England 
Land Securities Trinity Limited 
06316299 
England 
LC25 Limited 
04364850 
England 
LS Aldersgate Limited 
04161727 
England 
LS 123 Victoria Street Limited  
04165886 
England 
LS Entertainment Venues Limited  
04161721 
England 
LS (Bracknell) Limited 
05164680 
England

--- Page 499 ---
478 
 
LS Cardinal Limited 
07409594 
England 
LS City Gate House limited 
05656326 
England 
LS City & West End Limited  
05257941 
England 
LS Finchley Road Limited  
04699931 
England 
LS Galleria Limited 
04166047 
England 
LS Hill House Limited 
04163702 
England 
LS (Jaguar) GP Investment Limited 
07198404 
England 
LS Kingsmead Limited 
07699874 
England 
LS Lewisham Limited 
02235021 
England 
LS London Holdings One Limited 
06452679 
England 
LS 105 Sumner Street Developer Limited 
05740340 
England 
LS One New Change Limited 
04165856 
England 
LS Red Lion Court Limited 
04165757 
England 
LS Red Lion Court Developer Limited  
04165763 
England  
LS Retail Warehouses Limited 
05257942 
England 
LS Taplow Limited 
01756963 
England 
LS Eastbourne Terrace Limited  
04161239 
England 
LS Times Square GP Limited 
06132467 
England 
HEFC Soho 2 Limited  
06132894 
England 
LS 62 Buckingham Gate Limited  
05257943 
England 
LS Forge Bankside Limited  
04161299 
England 
LS Victoria Properties Limited 
06453012 
England 
LS 60-78 Victoria Street Limited  
04161307 
England 
LS N2 Limited  
04089238 
England

--- Page 500 ---
479 
 
LS Workington Limited  
04995566 
England 
Ravenseft Properties Limited 
00471606 
England 
LS Thanet Limited  
01015140 
England 
City of London Real Property Company 
Limited (The) 
00001160 
England 
LS 1 New Street Square Limited 
08195218 
England 
LS Ludgate Development Limited 
07666354 
England 
LS Kings Gate Residential Limited 
08277661 
England 
LS 1 New Street Square Developer Limited 
08255539 
England 
LS Nova GP Investments Limited  
07801923 
England 
LS Nova Development Management 
Limited  
07802109 
England 
LS Nova LP1 Limited  
07801730 
England 
LS Nova LP2 Limited  
07801708 
England 
LS Old Broad Street Limited  
08591959 
England 
Harbour Exchange Propco Limited  
06433018 
England 
LS Zig Zag Limited 
08465672 
England 
Greenhithe Holdings Limited 
115006 
Jersey 
Greenhithe Investments Limited 
115005 
Jersey 
Blueco Limited 
03196199 
England 
LS Braintree Limited 
04161200 
England 
LS Castleford Limited 
04161209 
England 
LS Cardiff Holdings Limited  
08075096 
England 
LS Buchanan Limited 
02307553 
England 
LS Street Limited 
04163808 
England

--- Page 501 ---
480 
 
LS Tottenham Court Road Limited 
04161216 
England 
LS Moorgate Limited 
04161241 
England 
LS Cardiff Limited 
4161202 
England 
LS Cardiff (GP) Investments Limited 
6975211 
England 
Land Securities Lakeside Limited (formerly 
known as LS Retail Director Limited) 
04299277 
England 
LS Chesterfield Limited (formerly known as 
Markham Rd (Chesterfield) (No. 2) Limited) 
04163804 
England 
LS White Rose Limited (formerly known as 
20 Gillingham Street Ltd) 
06426863 
England 
LS 1 Sherwood Street  
04161279 
England 
LS 25 Lavington Street Developer Limited 
(formerly QAM(2026)) 
6943184 
England 
LS Myo Limited 
11726628 
England 
LS Southside Limited 
5026818 
England 
 LS Leisure Parks Investments Limited  
7938240 
England 
LS Shepherds Bush Limited 
01989903 
England 
LS Chadwell Heath Limited 
6123123 
England 
LS Lavington Street Ltd 
7243257 
England 
LS Xscape Milton Keynes Limited 
4166100 
England 
LS Xscape Castleford Limited 
4166093 
England 
LS Bexhill Ltd 
4161221 
England 
LS Portland House Developer Limited 
7974015 
England 
Nova Developer Limited 
12257413 
England 
LS Great North Finchley Limited 
4161295 
England 
LS Aberdeen Limited 
4161303 
England

--- Page 502 ---
481 
 
LS West India Quay Ltd 
3585923 
England 
LS 21 Moorfields Limited 
8072492 
England 
LS 21 Moorfields Development 
Management Limited 
8072478 
England 
LS Company 11 Limited/LS Nova Place 
Limited 
9101187 
England 
LS Dundas Square Limited 
4699933 
England 
LS Myo New Street Square Limited 
13405779 
England 
LS Ewer Street Limited 
12858532 
England 
LS Oval Limited 
12882187 
England 
LS MYO 123 Victoria Street Limited 
13474795 
England 
LS MYO Dashwood House Limited 
13474812 
England 
LS Project 92 Limited 
13481748 
England 
Deptford Project Limited 
5537144 
England 
Deptford Project 2 Limited 
9010341 
England 
U and I (Innovation Hubs) Limited 
12214178 
England 
U and I IPA Limited 
12795817 
England 
U and I IPA SC Limited 
12798332 
England 
U and I IPB Limited 
9907089 
England 
LS Old Broad Street Developer Limited   
4165773 
England 
LS Development Holdings Limited 
13692104 
England 
LS Liberty of Southwark Limited 
7936141 
England

--- Page 503 ---
482 
 
SCHEDULE 2 
REGIONS

--- Page 504 ---
483 
 
 
REGISTERED AND HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Land Securities Capital Markets PLC 
100 Victoria Street 
London SW1E 5JL 
 
OBLIGOR SECURITY TRUSTEE AND NOTE TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer and the Security Group 
as to English law 
To the Arranger, the Obligor Security Trustee
and the Note Trustee as to English law 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London  
EC1Y 8YY 
United Kingdom 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
 
 
AGENT BANK, PRINCIPAL PAYING 
AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
IRISH PAYING AGENT 
Apex Fund Services 
(Ireland) Limited 
2nd Floor 
Block 5  
Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin D01 P767 
 
 
REGISTRARS 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
Equiniti Limited 
Aspect House 
Spencer Road, Lancing 
West Sussex 
BN99 6DA 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
A&L Listing Limited 
International Financial Services Centre  
North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1

--- Page 505 ---
484 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE MEMBERS OF THE SECURITY 
GROUP 
Ernst & Young LLP 
1 More London Place 
London SE1 2AF 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch  
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
1 Lothbury 
London EC2R 7DB  
Avenida de Cantabria 
 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
 
Madrid 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
Citigroup Centre  
Canada Square 
 
Canary Wharf 
 
London E14 5LB 
 
 
 Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
NatWest Markets Plc  
10 Gresham Street  
London EC2V 7AE 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
 
  
 
 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
100 Liverpool Street 
London EC2M 2AT