--- Page 1 ---
LANDSHYPOTEK BANK AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and S.O. Bond Programme 
________________________________________ 
Under this €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note and S.O. Bond Programme (the Programme), Landshypotek Bank AB (publ) (the Issuer) may 
from time to time issue Euro medium term notes (the Notes) and covered bonds issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered 
Bonds (as defined below) (the S.O. Bonds) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds may be issued (i) in bearer form or (ii) in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form (a) registered in 
accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities Depository approved or acknowledged 
under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the 
European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms will be, the Verdipapirsentralen ASA (respectively, the VPS and the VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds, as 
the case may be) or (b) cleared through the Swedish Central Securities Depositary and Clearing Organisation Euroclear Sweden AB (respectively, 
Euroclear Sweden and the Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, as the case may be). The Notes may be issued on a senior preferred basis (Senior 
Preferred Notes), on a senior non-preferred basis (Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or on a subordinated basis (Subordinated Notes), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes and S.O. Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale")), 
subject to increase as described therein. 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to the Initial Dealers specified under "Description of the Programme" and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this offering circular (the Offering Circular) to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue 
of Notes or S.O. Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
An investment in Notes or S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) in its capacity as competent authority under the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Prospectus Act 2019) and for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the EU Prospectus Regulation) to approve this document as a base prospectus. On the 
approval of this document as a base prospectus by the CSSF, notification of such approval will be made to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Finansinspektionen) (the SFSA) in its capacity as the competent authority of Sweden for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. The Offering 
Circular has been approved by the CSSF as competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation and the CSSF only approves this Offering Circular 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Offering Circular nor an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in any such Notes or S.O. Bonds. The CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Offering Circular or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Act 2019. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes 
and S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. References in this Offering Circular to Notes or S.O. Bonds being listed (and all related references) 
shall mean that such Notes or S.O. Bonds have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted 
to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes or S.O. Bonds which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Offering Circular to Exempt 
Notes/S.O. Bonds are to Notes (Exempt Notes) and/or S.O. Bonds (Exempt S.O. Bonds) for which no prospectus is required to be published under 
the EU Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed any information contained in this Offering Circular in connection with 
Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds. 
In respect of any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes or S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of such 
Notes or S.O. Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes or S.O. Bonds, the issue price of such Notes or S.O. Bonds and certain other 
information which is applicable to such Tranche will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) be set out in a final terms document (the 
Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Final Terms relating to Notes and S.O. Bonds to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In respect of any Tranche of 
Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of such Notes or S.O. Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes or 
S.O. Bonds, the issue price of such Notes or S.O. Bonds and certain other information which is applicable to such Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
The Programme provides that Notes and S.O. Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets (including, without limitation, Nasdaq Stockholm (operated by Nasdaq Stockholm AB)) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and unlisted S.O. Bonds and/or Notes and S.O. Bonds not admitted to trading on any markets. 
This Offering Circular shall remain valid for a period of 12 months after its approval until 7 May 2022 for admissions to trading on a regulated market, 
provided that it is completed by any supplement required pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the long-term/short-term ratings of the Issuer are A/F1 by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) and A/A-1 by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). The Programme has the following ratings from S&P: A (Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred VPS 
Notes with a maturity of one year or more); A-1 (Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred VPS Notes with a maturity of less than one year); BBB+

--- Page 2 ---
2 
(Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes); BBB (Subordinated Notes and Subordinated VPS Notes); and AAA/Stable/A-1+ 
(senior secured S.O. Bonds and VPS S.O. Bonds with a maturity of one year or more).  Please refer to the "General Information" section herein for an 
explanation of these ratings. Both Fitch and S&P are established in the European Union (the EU), have been registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended, the EU CRA Regulation) and are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. Neither S&P or Fitch are established in the United Kingdom, nor registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of United 
Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK CRA 
Regulation). Fitch Ratings Ltd currently endorses the international credit ratings published by Fitch and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited currently 
endorses credit ratings issued by S&P for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Each of Fitch 
Ratings Ltd and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited are established in the United Kingdom, have been registered under the UK CRA Regulation and are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) on its website 
(https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-agencies/registered-certified-cras) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. There can be no 
assurance that Fitch Ratings Ltd will continue to endorse credit ratings issued by Fitch and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited will continue to endorse 
credit ratings issued by S&P. 
Notes and S.O. Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds). The rating of any Tranche of Notes or S.O. 
Bonds will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
________________________________________ 
Arranger  
Swedbank 
Initial Dealers 
Handelsbanken Capital Markets 
Nordea 
SEB 
Danske Bank 
DNB  
Swedbank 
The date of this Offering Circular is 7 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes and S.O. Bonds other than 
Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, for each Tranche of Notes and S.O. Bonds issued under 
the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Offering 
Circular is in accordance with the facts and the Offering Circular makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Offering Circular shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Offering Circular. 
No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by any of the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme or any Notes or S.O. Bonds. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme or any Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and the S.O. Bonds and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes or S.O. Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should 
be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering 
Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes or S.O. Bonds 
should purchase any Notes or S.O. Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes or S.O. Bonds 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal 
of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes or S.O. Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes 
or S.O. Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes or S.O. Bonds 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes or S.O. Bonds of any information coming to 
their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published financial statements of the 
Issuer incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular when deciding whether or not to purchase any 
Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES AND S.O. BONDS GENERALLY 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain

--- Page 4 ---
4 
exceptions, Notes and S.O. Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. 
persons (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Notes or S.O. Bonds denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway to 
or for the benefit of persons domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the 
offer of VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds and the registration of VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds in the VPS. 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes or 
S.O. Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes and S.O. Bonds may 
be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering 
Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes or S.O. Bonds may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or any of the Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of any Notes or S.O. Bonds or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes or S.O. Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes or 
S.O. Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes or S.O. Bonds. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes and S.O. Bonds in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including Sweden and Norway), the United Kingdom and 
Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes or S.O. Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Notes or S.O. Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes or S.O. 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes or S.O. Bonds and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes or S.O. Bonds and the impact the Notes 
or S.O. Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes 
or S.O. Bonds, including Notes or S.O. Bonds where the currency for principal or interest payments 
is different from currency in which such investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes or S.O. Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes and S.O. Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Notes and S.O. Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes and S.O. Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes and S.O. Bonds under any applicable risk-
based capital or similar rules. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL 
INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) includes a

--- Page 5 ---
5 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors", the Notes or S.O. Bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or S.O. Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors", the Notes or S.O. Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the EUWA) and the regulations made under the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or S.O. Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or S.O. Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
any Tranche of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes or S.O. Bonds and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes or S.O. Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes or S.O. Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes or S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made at the time of each issue whether, for the purposes of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (as amended, the MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes or S.O. Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes or S.O. Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes or S.O. Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes or S.O. Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes or S.O. Bonds (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes or S.O. Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target

--- Page 6 ---
6 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes or S.O. Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes or S.O. Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Notes or S.O. Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, STIBOR 
or NIBOR (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and S.O. Bonds), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds), which are 
provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) (in the case of EURIBOR), the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility (the SFBF) (in the case of STIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS 
(NoRe) (in the case of NIBOR). As at the date of this Offering Circular, EMMI (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) and NoRe (as administrator of NIBOR) are included on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on 
indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds (as amended, the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Offering Circular, 
the SFBF does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the EMMI, SFBF and NoRe do 
not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA under 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation). As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the 
SFBF is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence) under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that EMMI, SFBF and 
NoRe are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the United 
Kingdom, recognition, endorsement or equivalence) under the UK Benchmarks Regulation. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars, to Swedish krona
and to SEK refer to the currency of the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) and to NOK or Norwegian Kroner
refer to the currency of the Kingdom of Norway (Norway). In addition, all references to Sterling and £ refer 
to pounds sterling and to euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
Certain alternative performance measures (as defined in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance 
Measures) (Alternative Performance Measures or APMs) are included in this Offering Circular. See 
"General Information - Alternative Performance Measures" below for more information. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over- 
allot Notes or S.O. Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes or 
S.O. Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
or S.O. Bonds. Any stabilisation action of over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
USE OF WEBSITES 
Any references to websites or uniform resource locators (URLs) in this Offering Circular, except for 
websites where information incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular may be accessed, are 
included for information purposes only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, 
or be deemed to be incorporated into, this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the competent authority.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................................... 9
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 17
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 43
FORM OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................................................... 46
FORM OF THE S.O. BONDS ........................................................................................................................... 49
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 52
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................... 70
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................... 87
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES ..................................................................................... 125
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE S.O. BONDS ..................................................................................... 158
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS S.O. BONDS ............................................................................ 185
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF SWEDISH NOTES AND SWEDISH S.O. BONDS ................................... 209
OVERVIEW OF THE SWEDISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS .............................. 213
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................................... 218
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER ............................................................................................ 219
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................ 223
TAXATION ..................................................................................................................................................... 225
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ......................................................................................................................... 227
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................................... 231

--- Page 9 ---
9 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description is an overview and does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified 
in its entirety by, the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Form of 
the S.O. Bonds", "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds" below shall have the same 
meanings in this overview. This Description of the Programme constitutes a general description of the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Issuer: 
Landshypotek Bank AB (publ). 
Legal entity identifier (LEI):  
5493004WUGGU2BQI7F14. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes and S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the purpose 
of assessing the risks associated with the terms, structure and features 
of any Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors" below. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note and S.O. Bond Programme. 
Arranger: 
Swedbank AB (publ). 
Initial Dealers: 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ).  
Nordea Bank Abp. 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ). 
Danske Bank A/S.  
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige.  
Swedbank AB (publ). 
Dealers: 
The Initial Dealers and any other Dealers appointed in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement. 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations and Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations with Senior Non-Preferred Ranking of the 
Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation 
(likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the claims of 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall rank: (i) pari passu 
without any preference among themselves; (ii) pari passu with the 
rights of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer; (iii) senior to the rights of holders of any subordinated 
obligation of the Issuer, including any subordinated obligation of the 
Issuer which constitutes, or would but for any applicable limitation 
on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or any 
subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes an Additional 
Tier 1 Instrument, which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed 
to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; 
(iv) in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital 
(including preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as 
such holders; and (v) junior in right of payment to any present or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
future claims of (a) depositors of the Issuer, and (b) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes) that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer.  
Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the 
claims of holders of Subordinated Notes shall be subordinated to the 
claims of other creditors to the extent described in Condition 2(c) of 
each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Waiver of Set-Off: 
No Noteholder, who in the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer shall be 
indebted to the Issuer, shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes held by such 
Noteholder. 
Status of S.O. Bonds: 
S.O. Bonds are issued on an unsubordinated basis and in accordance 
with the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered Bonds 
(lagen (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the 
Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds). As such they have the 
benefit of priority of claim to a cover pool of certain registered 
eligible assets upon bankruptcy of the Issuer. See also "Overview of 
the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds" on pages 213 to 
217 below. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds denominated in a currency in 
respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale"). 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Swedish Issuing Agent: 
For any Series of Notes or S.O. Bonds which are Swedish Notes or 
Swedish S.O. Bonds, the Issuer will appoint an issuing agent 
(administrerande institut), specifically authorised by Euroclear 
Sweden, to process and register issues in Euroclear Sweden, in 
connection with the issue of such Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish 
S.O. Bonds (as applicable), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
VPS Agent: 
DNB Bank ASA. 
VPS Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes or S.O. Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be

--- Page 11 ---
11 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes and S.O. Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes and S.O. Bonds: 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds (other than Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. 
Bonds, VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds) will be issued in bearer form 
as described in "Form of the Notes" and "Form of the S.O. Bonds", 
respectively. 
The Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes and VPS S.O. 
Bonds will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form and will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title.  
Entitlements to Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds will be 
evidenced by book entries in the register for such Swedish Notes kept 
by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer. 
Entitlements to VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds will be evidenced by 
the crediting of VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds to accounts with the 
VPS.  
Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds 
will not be exchangeable for bearer notes and vice versa. See "Form 
of the Notes" and "Form of the S.O. Bonds" below. 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will state whether or not 
the relevant Notes or S.O. Bonds are to be Swedish Notes, Swedish 
S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds or neither. 
Fixed Rate Notes and S.O. Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Fixed Reset Notes: 
Fixed Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at 
the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) by reference to a mid-market 
swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal 
to the reset period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Floating Rate Notes and S.O. Bonds: 
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate S.O. Bonds will bear interest 
at a rate determined: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes or the S.O. 
Bonds of the relevant Series); or 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate S.O. Bonds. 
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate S.O. Bonds may also have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate S.O. Bonds in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Mid Swap 
Rate or a Reference Rate (as applicable) when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Mid Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view 
to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread, if any, as described in each of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds or Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
S.O. Bonds. 
Zero Coupon Notes and Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Notes and Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds will be offered and 
sold at a discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, 
Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds or Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS S.O. Bonds, in which event the relevant provisions will be 
included in a Pricing Supplement, which will replace, modify and/or 
supplement the relevant terms and conditions. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders 
of Notes upon giving notice to the holders of Notes or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated

--- Page 13 ---
13 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Early redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (other than following an Event of Default) will only 
be permitted to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
(including, where so specified, upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event or a Tax Event). If required under applicable 
law or regulation, no such early redemption or purchase of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be made without 
the prior consent of the Swedish National Debt Office 
(Riksgäldskontoret) (in its capacity as resolution authority) or any 
successor or replacement thereto and/or such other authority which 
has the primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, 
as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL Regulations. In 
certain circumstances, as an alternative to exercising any right to 
redeem Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
advance of their scheduled maturity, the Issuer may be entitled to 
substitute or vary the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes so that they remain, or become, Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities or Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities 
(as applicable), as provided in Condition 7(l) of each of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes. 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes (other than following an 
Event of Default) will only be permitted to the extent specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) (including, where so specified, upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Event). No such early 
redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes may be made without 
the prior consent of the SFSA. In certain circumstances, as an 
alternative to exercising any right to redeem Subordinated Notes in 
advance of their scheduled maturity, the Issuer may be entitled to 
substitute or vary the terms of Subordinated Notes so that they remain, 
or become, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as provided in 
Condition 7(l) of each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Early redemption of S.O. Bonds will only be permitted to the extent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) and subject to applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Events of Default: 
If any of the limited events described in Condition 10 of each the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the Terms and Conditions of 
the VPS Notes occurs (namely non-payment or certain events relating 
to the insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer), the holders of Notes 
shall only be entitled to institute proceedings for the Issuer to be 
declared bankrupt or its winding-up or liquidation and prove or claim 
in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Holders may claim 
payment in respect of such Notes only in the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer. 
Extendable Obligations: 
In the case of S.O. Bonds, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case 
of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) may also 
provide that the Issuer's obligations to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount of the applicable Series of S.O. Bonds on their Maturity Date 
shall be deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided

--- Page 14 ---
14 
that any amount representing the amount due on the Maturity Date as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) (the Final Redemption 
Amount) due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid 
by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (or, in the case 
Swedish S.O. Bonds, up to (but excluding) the relevant Extended 
Final Maturity Date). Such deferral will occur automatically if the 
Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series 
of S.O. Bonds on their Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue 
on any unpaid amount and will be payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (but excluding) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
up to (and including) the Extended Final Maturity Date). 
Denomination of Notes and S.O. 
Bonds: 
Notes and S.O. Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note or S.O. Bonds will be such as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note or S.O. Bond (other than an Exempt Note/S.O. Bond) 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes or S.O. Bonds are denominated in 
a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction, subject as provided in Condition 8 of each of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes. In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, 
save in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 of each 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, be required to pay additional amounts 
to cover the amounts so deducted. 
All payments in respect of the S.O. Bonds will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes is 
required by law, in which case such deduction will be made by the 
Issuer. The Issuer will not be obliged to pay additional amounts in 
respect of any such deduction or withholding. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes and the S.O. Bonds will not contain a negative 
pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
The terms of the S.O. Bonds will not contain a cross default provision 
or any other events of default. 
Rating: 
Each Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme 
will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. 
Bonds). The rating of any Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by 
the relevant rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Programme has been rated 
by S&P. S&P is established in the European Union and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is 
established in the United Kingdom and has been registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.  S&P Global Ratings UK Limited currently 
endorses credit ratings issued by S&P for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation, 
however there can be no assurance that S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited will continue to endorse credit ratings issued by S&P. A list 
of UK registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the FCA 
website and a list of EU registered Credit Rating Agencies is 
published on the ESMA website. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as 
a base prospectus. On the approval of this document as a base 
prospectus by the CSSF, notification of such approval will be made 
to the SFSA in its capacity as the competent authority of Sweden for 
the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Application has also 
been made for Notes and S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Notes and S.O. Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, 
as the case maybe, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
(including, without limitation, Nasdaq Stockholm (operated by 
Nasdaq Stockholm AB)) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. 
Notes and S.O. Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. 
Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will state whether or not 
the relevant Notes or S.O. Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Terms and Conditions: 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes or S.O. 
Bonds will be as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at 
or prior to the time of issuance of the initial Tranche of such Series, 
and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The 
Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of Notes will be those 
set out on pages 87 to 157 hereof (pages 87 to 124 in the case of Notes 
other than VPS Notes, and pages 125 to 157 in the case of VPS Notes) 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The Terms and 
Conditions applicable to each Series of S.O. Bonds will be those set 
out on pages 158 to 208 hereof (pages 158 to 184 in the case of S.O. 
Bonds other than VPS S.O. Bonds, and pages 185 to 208 in the case 
of VPS S.O. Bonds) as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and S.O. Bonds will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, 
save for Conditions 2(b) and 2(c) of each of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, 
Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds and the provisions 
regarding meetings of holders of Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. 
Bonds, which in each case will be governed by, and construed in

--- Page 16 ---
16 
accordance with, Swedish law, and Conditions 13, 14 and 16 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes and Conditions 11, 12 and 
13 of the Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds, which will 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
The registration of the Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds in the 
book-entry system and register maintained by Euroclear Sweden are 
governed by Swedish law and holders of Swedish Notes and Swedish 
S.O. Bonds will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and the liabilities which arise under the relevant Swedish 
regulations and legislation. 
VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds must comply with the Norwegian 
Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64, as amended from time 
to time, and the holders of VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and the 
liabilities which arise under the Act and any related regulations and 
legislation, including the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av 
finansiella instrument). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes and 
S.O. Bonds in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including Sweden and Norway), the United Kingdom and Japan. See 
"Subscription and Sale". Certain other restrictions may apply in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes 
and S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including economic and market risks, risks 
relating to the Issuer's business and legal and regulatory risks, as well as risks related to the structure of a 
particular issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds, risks related to Notes and S.O. Bonds generally and risks related to the 
market generally. The Issuer's assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based 
on information available and estimates made on the date of this Offering Circular. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular, including the documents 
incorporated by reference, and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factors in a category are presented first 
under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not ranked in order of materiality or 
probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in more than one category, such risk factor 
appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk factor. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes", 
"Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds" below shall have 
the same meanings in this section. 
1.
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
A.
Economic and market risks 
Risks relating to the Swedish mortgage market  
Since 2017, the Issuer's operations consists also of lending to the Swedish residential mortgage market. 
During 2020, and through a particularly intense phase of the COVID-19 pandemic, housing prices in Sweden 
rose by several per cent. However, there is a risk that housing prices may fall back as interest rates are 
expected to rise in the future. Furthermore, with regard to new homes, there has been an increase of newly 
built multi-family dwellings during the last few years, which is why that particular market segment could be 
subject to less demand in upcoming years, which could have a negative impact on the housing market. In 
addition, in recent years, many housing developers have experienced difficulties with selling parts of their 
newly produced units.  In some local markets, signals indicate that the supply of newly produced housing has 
been greater than the actual demand (i.e. willingness to pay). Examples of such signals include longer 
advertisement times, fewer bidders per property, falling bid premiums and a larger proportion of housing with 
lowered prices. If the Swedish housing market were to decline, and demand for new loans, as a consequence, 
were to significantly decrease, this would negatively affect the demand for the Issuer's offerings of loans in 
the Swedish residential mortgage market, and thereby adversely affecting the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and margins. House prices may also be negatively affected by, for example, changes in regulations 
affecting the Swedish mortgage market directly or indirectly or by a quick rise in interest rates or 
unemployment levels. Legal requirements such as further increased amortisation requirements or stricter caps 
on loan-to-value levels, may have an adverse effect on house prices and contribute to a reduction in lending 
growth. Furthermore, potential tightening of monetary policy is expected to have a negative impact on house 
price development. More restrictive regulations or upcoming tightening of monetary policies that hold back 
house price development would further accentuate the risk of decreased demand for new loans in general, 
including loans that could be originated by the Issuer. 
One of the main risks related to the Swedish residential mortgage market is the credit risk associated with 
borrowers' creditworthiness, and their ability to pay under the mortgage loan, and with the value of the 
mortgaged properties. The relatively low risk profile among Swedish mortgage institutions reflects a high 
degree of lending to single-family homes, moderate loan-to-value ratios, high lending standards and a 
relatively strong repayment incentive among borrowers. However, it should be noted that the debt to income 
ratio of borrowers continues to increase, which is likely to increase the risk profile among the Issuer's 
customers in the event of rising interest rates. 
Risks relating to the Swedish agriculture and forestry market 
The Issuer's core business is to offer mortgage loans to customers in the farming and forestry sector and to 
customers living on farms. The Issuer and its borrowers are therefore impacted by the trends and conditions 
in the agriculture and forestry sectors. Farmers have faced challenges due to the political climate globally

--- Page 18 ---
18 
such as the import restrictions on agricultural products introduced in 2014 by the Russian Federation. 
Furthermore, international rules and agreements regarding agricultural policy – such as the Common 
Agricultural Policy (the CAP), World Trade Organization (WTO) etc. – could have an impact on the credit 
quality of the Issuer's customers in a long-term horizon, due to the level of state granted supports to that 
particular business or land type. The Issuer and its borrowers are further exposed to risks following political 
changes to the agriculture and forestry markets as a result of the global climate change challenges. Political 
decisions and changes to the Swedish and global agriculture and forestry market including (but not limited 
to) restrictions on pesticides and plant breeding could have an impact on the Issuer's customers' business. 
Furthermore, in accordance with changes in market prices, the prices for agriculture and forestry assets will 
vary over time. For example, there is a risk that storms and extensive bark beetle infestations causes damages 
to the forests and in turn an increase of the supply for forest raw materials, which in combination with weaker 
demand is likely to negatively affect the market balance. If the market value for a forest produced commodity, 
such as pulpwood, is materially reduced there is a risk that the forestry asset which the commodity derives 
from similarly will decrease in value, which will have an negative affect on the borrowers' asset and therefore 
ultimately affect the Issuer. 
Political uncertainty globally, volatile agriculture policy, climate change challenges and fluctuations in 
market prices for forestry and agricultural commodities may adversely affect the Swedish agriculture and 
forestry market and in turn the Issuer's business and results of operations. 
Risks relating to disruptions in the global credit markets and economy, including the COVID-19 pandemic 
The Issuer is subject to risks related to the global credit markets and economy, since financial institutions, 
both in Sweden and globally, are dependent on the global credit market and economy being strong, so that 
people are willing and able to take up loans. Any disruption or downturn in the global credit markets and 
economy would typically thus affect the Issuer, both in respect of financial performance and growth 
possibilities. Any downturn in the economy together with an increase in unemployment levels would 
contribute to slower growth in household disposable income and higher savings and thereby accentuate these 
risks. As a result, the Issuer may also be affected by public health epidemics or outbreaks of diseases that 
may negatively affect the global or domestic economy, such as the recent outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 (the 
coronavirus that is the cause of COVID-19) that started in China in late-2019 as an epidemic and later turned 
into a pandemic by spreading across the world, including Sweden.  
The COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken by governments across the globe to limit the spread of the 
virus has resulted in substantial movements in the financial markets in the form of, e.g., heavily falling interest 
rates, rising credit spreads and volatile stock prices, and lead to uncertainty about the long-term development 
of the global economy. The Issuer may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic through the direct and indirect 
impact of the pandemic on, among others, its customers and other counterparties both in Sweden and 
elsewhere, as a result of, for example, public health measures, such as business closings and restrictions on 
travel and gatherings. The COVID-19 pandemic could also have a longer term impact on the state of the 
domestic Swedish economy, on which the Issuer is largely dependent, by creating significant economic 
turbulence and falling growth. The continued spread or new outbreaks of, or mutations to, SARS-CoV-2, as 
well as an inability to limit the pandemic and its effects, including those on the global economy, are factors 
that are highly uncertain and difficult to predict.  Moreover , there can be no assurances that the adverse 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will not lead to a tightening of liquidity conditions or funding uncertainty. 
Any of the foregoing, and any future adverse conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic not yet known, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
There is also a risk that the Issuer's ability to raise debt in a similar manner, and at a similar cost, to the 
funding raised in the past, and its ability to raise debt in the international capital markets could be affected. If 
the Issuer's funding costs substantially increases, including due to changes in interest rates, exchange rates 
and returns from equity, property and other investments, this would have a negative impact on the financial 
performance of the Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's collateral 
Given that a considerable part of the Issuer's loans are secured by mortgage certificates (pantbrev) in 
properties located in Sweden, the Issuer's credit risk is partly related to the performance of the real estate and 
agricultural and forestry market in Sweden. There can be no guarantees regarding the future development of 
the value of the collateral. Should the prices of real property and the agricultural and forestry market 
substantially decline, for example due to circumstances explained under this category "Economic and market

--- Page 19 ---
19 
risks", this would affect the Issuer, as the value of the collateral would decline. Furthermore, when collateral 
is enforced, a court order may be needed to establish the borrower's obligation to pay and to enable a sale by 
execution measures. The Issuer's ability to enforce the collateral without the consent of the borrower is thus 
dependent on the above-mentioned decisions from a court and the execution measures and on other relevant 
circumstances in the mortgage market and in the demand for the relevant real property. If the Issuer's credit 
losses increase due to the fact that principal and interest under defaulting loans cannot be recovered where 
the relevant collateral has decreased in value, this would have a negative impact on the Issuer's result of 
operations.  
Systemic risk
Although the Swedish mortgage market is currently dominated by a few institutions, consisting of banks and 
bank-owned mortgage companies, new competitors have appeared in recent times. Due to increased 
competition amongst lenders, the Issuer's business would face declining earnings should the Issuer, for 
example, be required to reduce interest levels in order to keep market shares, thereby adversely affecting its 
margins. Furthermore, due to the high level of interdependence between financial institutions, the Issuer is 
also subject to the risk of deterioration of the actual or perceived commercial and financial soundness of other 
financial institutions. Any default or financial difficulties of one financial institution is likely to have negative 
consequences for other financial institutions and would lead to liquidity problems, losses, defaults or 
worsening of the general economic climate in the local markets in which the Issuer operates. This means that 
the Issuer is subject to risks related to the banking sector as such, and risks related to other financial 
institutions. 
B.
Risks relating to the Issuer's business and industry 
Credit risk
Since the Issuer conducts lending operations, credit risk is central to the Issuer's business model and is 
considered to be the dominant risk in its operations. Credit risk in the Issuer's operations arises if one or more 
borrowers do not fulfil their payment obligations towards the Issuer. This risk may increase as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic as some of the Issuer's customers, in particular those reliant on foreign labour, may be 
negatively affected by restrictive measures carried out in response to the pandemic, such as travel restrictions 
or entry bans. Credit risk also includes concentration risk, being risks related to large (connected) individual 
exposures and significant exposures to groups of counterparts whose likelihood of default is driven by 
common underlying factors, e.g. sector, economy, geographical location or instrument type. Counterparty 
risk arises if the value of the instrument changes resulting from variations, for example, interest rates or 
currency exchange rates, which means the Issuer recognises a receivable against the counterparty. In addition, 
counterparty risk is the risk that the Issuer's financial counterparties cannot meet their commitments under 
the contracted repos.  
Should any such credit risk materialise, there is a risk of an increase in the number of loans not being paid. It 
would also require the Issuer to take measures to collect such defaulted loans, which might be costly and 
unsuccessful. Risks arising from the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties and the recoverability of 
loans and amounts due from counterparties in derivative transactions are inherent in the Issuer's businesses. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties or a general deterioration 
in the Swedish, European or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the financial 
systems, would affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer's assets and require an increase in the Issuer's 
provision for bad and doubtful loans and other provisions. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will not be able to meet its payment obligations when they fall due at 
all or without the related cost increasing significantly. As part of its funding, the Issuer accepts deposits from 
the general public which are repayable on demand, which may risk having an impact on the short-term 
liquidity of the Issuer. If the Issuer's inability to meet its payment obligations when they fall due is not 
temporary it would risk leading to a lack of liquidity in the long term. The Issuer is subject to liquidity 
requirements in its capacity as a credit institution supervised by the SFSA, including a statutory requirement 
to maintain sufficient liquidity to enable it to discharge its obligations as they fall due. Serious or systematic 
deviations from such regulations may lead to the SFSA determining that the Issuer's business does not satisfy 
the statutory soundness requirement for credit institutions and could result in the SFSA imposing sanctions 
against the Issuer. The inability of the Issuer to anticipate and provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in

--- Page 20 ---
20 
funding sources could have consequences on the Issuer's ability to meet its payment obligations when they 
fall due and thus result in an investor not being paid in a timely manner.  
The Issuer's funding costs and its access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on its credit 
ratings 
The Issuer is dependent upon the debt capital markets as a source of debt capital. Any downgrade of the 
Issuer's credit ratings is likely to increase the Issuer's borrowing costs, adversely affect the liquidity position 
of the Issuer, limit its access to the capital markets or undermine confidence in and the competitive position 
of the Issuer under certain bilateral terms in some of its trading and collateralised financing contracts, 
including requiring the provision of additional collateral as well as limiting the range of counterparties willing 
to enter into transactions with the Issuer. Any of the events above could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business and results of operations. 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of loss or reduced future income due to market fluctuations. The Issuer's market risk 
includes interest-rate risk, currency risk, basis-spread risk and credit-spread risk. Interest-rate risks arise when 
interest fixing periods or interest bases for assets and liabilities are mismatched. Since the Issuer conducts 
lending operations, the Issuer is largely dependent on interest-rate levels as interest rates are the single most 
important factor that affects margins in connection with lending. Currency risks arise when the present value 
of assets and liabilities, including derivative positions, in a foreign currency are mismatched. Since the Issuer 
may have parts of its financing in currencies other than SEK, it is exposed to currency risks. Substantial 
changes in exchange rates would impose a risk of financial losses on the Issuer. A liquid derivative market 
enabling the Issuer to swap foreign currencies and interest rates is therefore essential, and any significant 
disruption in the access to such market would harm the Issuer. Basis-spread risk refers to the risk associated 
with derivative transactions that are used to hedge financing in currencies other than SEK. Credit-spread risk 
refers to the assets in the liquidity-buffer that is exposed to changing conditions between the different issuers' 
interest costs and the risk-free interest rate. 
Environmental, climate and corporate sustainability risks 
The Issuer's customers are exposed to environmental risks and climate risks.  These risks include both acute 
risks, such as droughts, storms, pollutions, animal diseases and other natural disasters, and chronic risks such 
as gradual changes to the climate.  An outburst of a disease or a natural disaster striking a specific land area 
or sector, could adversely affect the value of a customer's property or business, leading to deterioration of the 
collateral value and/or the customer migrating to less favourable credit classes. In addition, there is a risk that 
the Issuer's operations have a direct or indirect negative effect on, or are directly or indirectly negatively 
affected by, the climate and the environment, human rights and working conditions (including social 
conditions and personnel-related matters), anti-corruption efforts and financial criminality. 
C.
Internal and operational control risks 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of failure or interruption to its IT and other systems 
The Issuer is dependent on the ability to keep customer information and to process transactions as well as on 
internal and external systems for its loan distribution. The Issuer's business is thus dependent on the IT-
systems to serve customers, support the Issuer's business process, ensure complete and accurate processing 
of financial transactions and support the overall internal control framework. Disruptions in the Issuer's IT or 
other systems may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to conduct its business and furthermore 
its financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions may, for example, be caused by internal factors, 
such as larger projects for replacing or upgrading existing IT platforms and/or systems, or by external factors, 
such as the availability of experts vital for technical support or completion of embarked projects.  
The occurrence of such a failure may not be adequately covered by the Issuer's business continuity and 
disaster recovery planning. A significant degradation, failure or lack of the Issuer's information systems or 
any other systems in the trading process would cause slower response times, delays or failure to complete 
transactions on a timely basis, failed settlement and trades, incomplete or inaccurate accounting and recording 
or processing of trades, which would have a negative impact on the Issuer's operations. The complex nature 
of the financial markets, and the speed with which they develop, require highly complex system solutions 
and competent personnel to operate, monitor and maintain them. If the Issuer would fail to update and expand

--- Page 21 ---
21 
its systems and networks adequately or to adapt its systems and technology to evolving customer demands or 
emerging industry standards, this would accentuate the IT-related risks and thus further increase the negative 
outcome of the Issuer.  
Operational and cyber risks  
Operational risk is the risk of losses due to inappropriate or unsuccessful processes, human error, faulty 
systems or external events, including legal risks. Operational risk and losses can result from fraud or other 
external or internal crime, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper 
internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of business rules, 
equipment failures, natural disasters or the failure of internal or external systems, for example, caused by the 
Issuer's suppliers or counterparties. The Issuer's business is also dependent on the ability to process a large 
number of transactions within the ordinary course of its operations. Any failure in conducting such 
transactions efficiently and accurately due to operational risks being materialised may thus adversely affect 
the Issuer's operations.  
Notwithstanding anything in this risk factor, this risk factor should not be taken as implying that either the 
Issuer or the Group (as defined under "Information Relating to the Issuer") will be unable to comply with its 
obligations as a company with securities admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
as a supervised firm regulated by the SFSA. 
Moreover, similar to all major financial institutions, the Issuer's activities are subject to cyber-related risks, 
such as ransomware attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature of which is continually evolving. There 
is also a risk of blackmail attempts and the disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, which would 
create significant financial and legal exposure, and damage the Issuer's reputation and brand. Cybersecurity 
risks are foremost related to the Issuer's internet bank users and include fraudulent transactions, identity theft, 
potential unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information including account information. 
The Issuer may experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the 
future, which could, in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the Issuer, its customers and/or third parties and 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, brand and results of operations. 
Risks relating to outsourcing and third parties 
The Issuer relies on certain service and business process outsourcing and other partners. The Issuer's critical 
business systems are dependent on third party software and infrastructure. While alternative business 
outsourcing and other partners are available, it can be difficult for the Issuer to replace these relationships on 
commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and seeking alternate relationships could be time consuming and 
result in interruptions to the Issuer's business. The Issuer's use of business outsourcing partners also exposes 
the Issuer to reputational risks. The failure of the Issuer's third-party providers to perform their services to the 
Issuer's standards and any deterioration in or loss of any key relationships can have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer's business outsourcing partners and other third parties could commit fraud with respect to the 
services that the Issuer outsources to them, fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, such as data 
protection requirements, or fail to otherwise provide their agreed services to the Issuer. To the extent these 
third parties violate laws, other regulatory requirements or their contractual obligations to the Issuer, or 
otherwise act inappropriately in the conduct of their business, the Issuer's business and reputation could be 
negatively affected or penalties could be directly imposed on the Issuer. Furthermore, there is a risk that the 
Issuer's methods and procedures for overseeing how outsourcing partners and other third parties operate their 
businesses may not detect the occurrence of any violations for a substantial period of time, which could 
exacerbate the effect of such violations. Any of the above can have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The loss of key personnel may adversely affect the Issuer's performance 
The Issuer's performance is dependent on the talent, experience and commitments of highly skilled 
individuals. The Issuer's ability to compete effectively in its businesses is dependent on its ability to retain 
and motivate its existing employees and, where necessary, recruit skilled employees. The Issuer's ability to 
develop its business depends on its ability to recruit, retain and motivate personnel, particularly in light of the 
rapid pace of technological advances and the increasing complexity of financial markets and their regulatory 
landscape. Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses outside the financial

--- Page 22 ---
22 
services industry for qualified employees is intense and an inability to attract, keep and if necessary recruit 
skilled personnel might have adverse effect on the financial performance of the Issuer. 
Compliance risks 
The banking and financing sector is heavily regulated and the Issuer's business is subject to regulation and 
regulatory supervision pursuant to numerous directives, laws, regulations and policies issued by, inter alia, 
the EU and Sweden. Any significant regulatory developments could have an effect on how the Issuer conducts 
its business and on the Issuer's results of operations. This supervision and regulation, in particular in the EU 
and Sweden, if changed, could materially affect the Issuer's business, the products and services it offers or 
the value of its assets.  
The management of business, regulatory and legal risks requires, among other things, guidelines and policies 
for the accurate registration and control of a large number of transactions and events. However, there is a risk 
that such guidelines and policies are inadequate or do not comply with applicable regulations. For example, 
some methods used by the Issuer to estimate, measure and manage risk are based on perceived historic market 
behaviour and may therefore prove to be inadequate for predicting future risk exposure. Other methods for 
risk management are based on evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other information 
that is publicly known or otherwise available to the Issuer. Such information has not always been and may 
not always be accurate or correctly evaluated or a reliable indicator of default and may therefore be inadequate 
for the purpose of risk management. Non-compliance with, as well as deficiencies in, guidelines and policies 
for risk management that leads to negative publicity or criticism from the SFSA or other regulators within 
the financial sector could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation. Furthermore, any non-
compliance may lead to significant fines from the SFSA or other regulators and/or require the Issuer to take 
costly measures to ensure compliance. 
As a lender to individuals, the Issuer processes large quantities of personal data in relation to its customers. 
Such processing of personal data is subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny following the implementation 
of the general data protection regulation 2016/679/EU (GDPR) that became applicable as of 25 May 2018. 
Efforts to continuously ensure compliance with the GDPR is time-consuming and costly. Any non-
compliance with applicable data protection legislation risks leading to substantial administrative fines and 
other actions which would have a material effect on the ability of the Issuer to conduct its business, such as 
a temporary or permanent ban on data processing. Any administrative or monetary sanctions (including 
administrative fines of up to the greater of EUR 20 million or 4.0 per cent of the total annual turnover) would 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
D.
Legal and regulatory risks 
Increased capital and liquidity requirements 
The Issuer is subject to capital adequacy and liquidity regulations, which aim to put in place a comprehensive 
and risk-sensitive legal framework to ensure enhanced risk management among financial institutions. 
Regulations which have impacted the Issuer and are expected to continue to impact the Issuer include, among 
others, the Basel III framework, the EU Capital Requirements Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD IV), as amended 
by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (CRD V), and the EU Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 
(CRR), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR II) and Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the latter being 
a response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic). CRR and CRD IV are supported by a set of binding 
technical standards developed by the European Banking Authority (the EBA). The regulatory framework will 
continue to evolve and any resulting changes could have a material impact on the Issuer's business. 
The capital adequacy framework include, inter alia, minimum capital requirements for the components in the 
capital base with the highest quality: common equity tier 1 (CET 1) capital, additional tier 1 capital and tier 
2 capital. CRR II also introduces a binding leverage ratio requirement (i.e. a capital requirement independent 
from the riskiness of the exposures, as a backstop to risk-weighted capital requirements) for all institutions 
subject to the CRR. In addition to the minimum capital requirements, CRD IV provides for further capital 
buffer requirements that are required to be satisfied with CET1 capital. Certain buffers may be applicable to 
the Issuer as determined by the SFSA. The countercyclical buffer rate is a capital requirement which varies 
over time and is to be used to support credit supply in adverse market conditions. On 19 September 2019, the 
countercyclical capital buffer in Sweden was increased from 2.0 per cent to 2.5 per cent. However, due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic the SFSA decided, on 16 March 2020, to decrease the countercyclical buffer to a rate 
of 0.0 per cent, which is the rate applicable as of the date of this Offering Circular. On 22 March 2021, the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
SFSA communicated that the buffer rate is not expected to be increased until the third quarter of 2021, at the 
earliest. A breach of the combined buffer requirements is likely to result in restrictions on certain discretionary 
capital distributions by the Issuer, for example, dividends on CET1 and coupon payments on tier 1 capital 
instruments.  
Furthermore, there is a degree of uncertainty concerning future capital requirements due to recent and 
forthcoming regulatory changes. On 20 November 2020, for example, the SFSA introduced changes to its 
application of Swedish banks' capital requirements in order to adapt them to the EU's so-called "banking 
package". The changes pertain primarily to changes in the application of Pillar 2 requirements as well as the 
SFSA's position related to the implementation of Pillar 2 guidelines and the application of the capital buffers. 
Moreover, legislative amendments linked to the CRD V entered into force on 29 December 2020 and binding 
leverage ratio requirements, as set out in the CRR, will enter into force on 28 June 2021.  The SFSA has also 
proposed a new method for assessing additional capital charges within Pillar 2 for market risks in other 
operations, which it has applied since 1 January 2021, and previously announced that it expects Swedish 
banks to analyse and update their current risk classification systems to be able to meet the new EBA guidelines 
(which are expected to be implemented in 2021), as well as to update their IRB models with new regulation 
to be implemented in January 2022. Overall, these recent and forthcoming regulatory changes are expected 
to increase the future capital adequacy requirements for banks in Sweden, including the Issuer. However, the 
impact on the Issuer is not yet certain. 
The conditions of the Issuer's businesses as well as external conditions are constantly changing and the full 
set of capital adequacy rules applicable to Swedish financial institutions continues to evolve. For the 
foregoing reasons, the Issuer may be required to raise additional capital in the future. Such capital, whether 
in the form of debt financing, hybrid capital or additional equity, may not be available on attractive terms, or 
at all. If the Issuer is required to make additional provisions, increase its reserves or capital, or exit or change 
its approach to certain operations as a result of, for example, the initiatives to strengthen the regulation of 
credit institutions, this would adversely affect its results of operations or financial condition, all of which may 
adversely affect the Issuer's abilities to raise additional capital. 
Serious or systematic deviations by the Issuer from the above regulations would most likely lead to the SFSA 
determining that the Issuer's business does not satisfy the statutory soundness requirement for credit 
institutions and thus result in the SFSA imposing sanctions on the Issuer. Further, any increase in the capital 
and liquidity requirements could have a negative effect on the Issuer's liquidity (should its revenue streams 
not cover continuous payment to be made under its issued capital), funding (should it not be able to raise 
funding on attractive terms, or at all), financial condition (should liquidity and funding be negatively affected) 
and results of operations (should its costs increase).  
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
The Issuer is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) (which was amended by 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 (BRRD II) on 27 June 2019. The BRRD legislative package establishes a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and, inter alia, requires EU credit institutions 
to produce and maintain recovery plans setting out the arrangements that may be taken to restore the long-
term viability of the institution in the event of a material deterioration of its financial position.  
On 23 March 2021, a new government bill (prop. 2020/21:155) attributable to the Swedish implementation 
of BRRD II was presented. The draft legislation includes, inter alia, a proposal that the applicable minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) shall be replaced with a new requirement on 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and implements the Total Loss-Absorbing 
Capacity Term Sheet, published by the Financial Stability Board on 9 November 2015 and endorsed by the 
G-20 in November 2015 (the TLAC standard). The main part of the legislative changes set out in the draft 
legislation is proposed to enter into force on 1 June 2021. The government bill has not yet been approved by 
the Swedish legislator and the degree to which the proposed legislative changes could affect the Issuer 
remains uncertain. 
The BRRD contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the resolution authority 
(in Sweden the Swedish National Debt Office (Riksgäldskontoret)) upon certain conditions for resolution 
being fulfilled. These tools and powers may be used alone or in combination, and include, inter alia, a general 
power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities, 
whether subordinated or unsubordinated, of the institution in resolution and/or to convert certain unsecured 
debt claims, including claims under the Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
into any other security, including CET 1 instruments of the surviving entity, which equity could also be 
subject to any further application of the general bail-in tool. This means that most of such failing institution's 
debt (including, in the case of the Issuer, Notes issued under the Programme) could be subject to bail-in, 
except for certain classes of debt, such as certain deposits and secured liabilities. In addition to the general 
bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for relevant authorities to have the power, before any other resolution action 
is taken, to permanently write-down or convert into equity relevant capital instruments (such as the 
Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability. Ultimately, the authority may take control of a failing 
institution and, for example, transfer the institution to a private purchaser or to a publicly controlled entity 
pending a private sector arrangement. All these actions can be taken without any prior shareholder approval.  
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how institutions are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, 
the rights of creditors. Under the BRRD regime, holders of Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion 
into equity on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, non-viability 
loss absorption. In such circumstances, this may result in holders losing some or all of their investment. The 
general bail-in tool can be used to recapitalise an institution that is failing or about to fail, allowing authorities 
to restructure it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. 
The write-down and conversion power can be used either together with, or also, independently of, a resolution 
action. Other powers provided to resolution authorities under the BRRD in respect of debt instruments (which 
could include the Notes) include replacing or substituting the institution as obligor in respect of such debt 
instruments; modifying the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of 
interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or discontinuing the listing and 
admission to trading of debt instruments. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of 
such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders of Notes or S.O. Bonds, the 
price or value of Notes or S.O. Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
or S.O. Bonds. 
It is not possible to predict exactly how the powers and tools of the Swedish National Debt Office provided 
in the BRRD (as implemented into Swedish law) will affect the Issuer, or the Noteholders. However, the 
powers and tools given to the Swedish National Debt Office are numerous and the exercise of any of those 
powers or any suggestion of such exercise would, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders (should the Notes be written-down or converted to other securities as set out above), the price or 
value of the Notes (should the secondary market not trade the Notes at their nominal amount) and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes (should the resolution authority take control over 
the Issuer in certain scenarios).  
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities under the BRRD 
In order to, among other things, ensure the effectiveness of bail-in and other resolution tools, all in-scope 
institutions must have sufficient own funds and eligible liabilities available to absorb losses and contribute to 
recapitalisation if the bail-in tool were to be applied. Each institution must meet an individual MREL, set by 
the relevant resolution authorities (the Swedish National Debt Office for Sweden) on a case by case basis. 
The MREL requirement has been required to be met as from 1 January 2018 (the liabilities proportion 
principle). On 18 June 2018, the Swedish National Debt Office announced and clarified that the MREL 
requirement of the Issuer which means, among other things that by 1 January 2022 at the latest, the 
requirement must be fully met with subordinated and non-preferred liabilities (the subordinated and non-
preferred liabilities principle). Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Swedish National Debt Office has further 
announced that the phase in period for the above mentioned MREL requirements would be extended until 1 
January 2024. Even though the deadline for meeting these requirements has been extended, the Issuer will be 
required to issue an amount of additional eligible liabilities in the form of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
other MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet the new MREL requirements within the required timeframes. 
If the Issuer was to experience difficulties in raising such eligible liabilities, it would have to reduce its lending 
or investments in other operations. This is likely to lead to a decrease in the Issuer's revenue which, if its costs 
remain unchanged, would decrease its operating results. Further, given that the MREL requirements must be 
met by all EU credit institutions (not just to those identified as being of a particular size or of systemic 
importance), there is a risk that there is not a sufficient investor appetite in the debt markets for the aggregate 
volume of eligible liabilities which must be issued up until 1 January 2024, which would have a negative 
effect on the price and value of such instruments.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer
The holders of Subordinated Notes are subject to the risk that such Notes may be required to absorb losses as 
a result of statutory powers conferred on resolution and competent authorities in Sweden (the Swedish 
National Debt Office and the SFSA, respectively). As noted above, the powers provided to the Swedish 
National Debt Office and the SFSA under the BRRD include write-down/conversion powers to ensure that 
relevant capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme) fully absorb losses at 
the point of non-viability of the issuing institution in order to allow it to continue as a going concern subject 
to appropriate restructuring. As a result, the BRRD contemplates that resolution authorities may require the 
permanent write-down of such capital instruments (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion of 
them into CET 1 instruments at the point of non-viability (which CET 1 instruments may also be subject to 
any application of the general bail-in tool described above) and before any other bail-in or resolution tool can 
be used. Measures ultimately adopted in this area may apply to any debt currently in issue, including 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme. Accordingly, in a worst case scenario, the capital 
instruments may be written down and the value of the Notes may be reduced to zero. 
The application of any non-viability loss absorption measure may result in holders of Subordinated Notes 
losing some or all of their investment. Any such conversion to equity or write-off of all or part of an investor's 
principal (including accrued but unpaid interest) shall not constitute an Event of Default and holders of 
Subordinated Notes will have no further claims in respect of any amount so converted or written off. The 
exercise of any such power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which 
may be outside the Issuer's control. Any such exercise, or any suggestion that the Subordinated Notes could 
become subject to such exercise, could, therefore, materially adversely affect the value of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Non-compliance with anti-money laundering regulations 
The Issuer's business is subject to a regulatory framework which requires the Issuer to take measures to 
counteract money laundering and terrorist financing within its operations. Criminal activity within the 
banking industry, in which the Issuer operates, has been increasingly uncovered in recent years. This area, 
not least the issue of money laundering, received particularly intense media in the past three years. As a bank, 
the Issuer is subject to a regulatory framework which requires the Issuer to take measures to among other 
things counteract money laundering. There is a risk that the Issuer's procedures, internal control functions and 
guidelines to counteract money laundering and terrorist financing are not sufficient or adequate to ensure that 
the Issuer complies with the regulatory framework. This may result from, for example, insufficient 
procedures, internal control functions or guidelines, or errors by employees, suppliers or counterparties. 
Failure to comply with the applicable rules and regulations could result in legal implications. If the Issuer 
were to become subject to remarks or warnings and/or administrative fines imposed by the SFSA, this could 
cause significant, and potentially irreparable, damage to the reputation of the Issuer and, as a result, the 
Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
The Issuer is exposed to tax-related risks and risks of changes in tax legislation 
The Issuer's business and transactions are conducted in accordance with the Issuer's interpretation of 
applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law and requirements of the tax authorities. However, there can 
be no assurance that its interpretation of applicable laws, tax treaties, regulations, case law or other rules or 
administrative practice is correct, or that such rules or practice will not change, possibly with retroactive 
effect. Future changes to applicable tax laws and rules could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
For example, in 2018, the then-current Swedish government presented a proposal for tax on financial services. 
The current government revised the proposal in August 2019 and expressed its intention to introduce such 
tax in 2022, and on 17 September 2020 the Ministry of Finance (Finansdepartementet) published a 
memorandum proposing new legislation introducing a tax for credit institutions with liabilities of more than 
SEK 150 billion attributable to operations in Sweden. The new legislation is proposed to enter into force on 
1 January 2022 and the suggested tax rate is set to 0.06 per cent of total debt attributable to business carried 
out in Sweden for taxation years commencing in 2022 and 0.07 per cent in following years. The proposal is 
subject to a consultation process and further investigation and the final details of the tax are yet to be 
confirmed. However, there is a risk that the suggestion, if implemented, will increase the Issuer's tax costs.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Risks relating to changes in accounting standards 
From time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the IASB), the EU and other regulatory 
bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Issuer's 
financial statements. These changes are sometimes difficult to predict and could materially impact how the 
Issuer records and reports its results of operations and financial condition. 
Changes to the Swedish Deposit Insurance Scheme 
The Swedish Deposit Insurance Scheme (SDIS) guarantees the depositors' deposits in the event the Issuer is 
declared bankrupt or if the SFSA determines that the SDIS should be activated in a given situation. The SDIS 
is administered by the Swedish National Debt Office. If activated, the insurance guarantees each customer 
compensation amounting to the value of the total funds in his or her account(s) with the Issuer, plus accrued 
interest, until the time of bankruptcy or the SFSA's activation decision. As of the date of this Offering 
Circular, the maximum compensation amounts to SEK 1,050,000, with some exceptions. There is a risk that 
regulatory changes which decrease the maximum compensation amount or change the SDIS are implemented, 
which could have a negative effect on the amount of customer savings deposit currently held with the Issuer. 
This is likely to have a negative effect on the Issuer's business and liquidity (should its number of depositors 
decrease), funding and financial condition (should its assets decrease if depositors withdraw their deposits) 
and results of operations (should its liquidity and funding costs increase if the deposits decrease). 
Harmonisation of the EU covered Bond framework 
On 7 January 2020, the EU covered bond framework, consisting of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2160, came into effect. The directive’s transposition period will last until 8 July 2021, and any 
implementing legislation must become applicable no later than 8 July 2022. The regulation will also become 
applicable on 8 July 2022. The new covered bond directive replaces Article 52(4) of the UCITS Directive, 
establishing a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes (subject 
to various options that members states may choose to exercise when implementing the new directive through 
national laws). The new regulation amends Article 129 of the CRR (and certain related provisions) and further 
strengthens the criteria for covered bonds that benefit from preferential capital treatment under the CRR 
regime.  
Although certain changes are expected to be made to the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds and the 
SFSA Regulations, no draft legislation for the Swedish implementation of the EU covered bond directive has 
been presented as of the date of this Offering Circular. On 4 November 2020, an Official Report of the 
Swedish Government (SOU 2020:61 (Ändrade regler om säkerställda obligationer)) was published 
containing, inter alia, proposals of the legislative amendments needed to implement the EU covered bond 
directive in Sweden and to adjust for the new regulation (the Covered Bond Report). It should, however, be 
noted that the Covered Bond Report is currently submitted for consultation and does not constitute a final 
proposal on the implementation of the EU corporate bond directive in Sweden. Hence, it is still unclear how 
the directive will affect the Swedish legislation governing covered bonds and, therefore, there can be no 
assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the new regime on the S.O. Bonds. 
In addition, the new covered bond directive provides for permanent grandfathering with respect to certain 
requirements of the new regime for Article 52(4) UCITS Directive-compliant covered bonds issued by an 
issuer with its registered office in an EU member state before the relevant application date, provided there is 
continued supervision by the relevant designated competent authority in the EU (similar grandfathering 
provisions are also set out in the new regulation). 
2.
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES AND S.O. BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes or S.O. 
Bonds issued under the Programme: 
A.
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds 
Notes or S.O. Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes or S.O. Bonds. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or S.O. Bonds, the market value of those Notes or S.O. Bonds

--- Page 27 ---
27 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes or S.O. Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes or S.O. Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes or S.O. Bonds 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Where Notes or S.O. Bonds are subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer, holders of Notes or S.O. 
Bonds, as the case may be, do not have any right to require the Issuer to exercise any such optional redemption 
feature and should not invest in the Notes or S.O. Bonds, as applicable, in the expectation that any early 
redemption option will be exercised by the Issuer. In addition, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, in order to exercise any such option the Issuer must, if required under applicable rules, 
obtain the prior consent of the Competent Authority and there is no guarantee that the exercise of any such 
early redemption option will be permitted by the Competent Authority (see further under "Call options may 
not be exercised" and "Any early redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may limit 
their market value and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return" below).  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and S.O. Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes and S.O. Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes and S.O. Bonds since the Issuer may 
be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes or S.O. Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
or S.O. Bonds and tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes or S.O. Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect 
interest payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset 
Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, until (and including) the First Reset Date). On the First Reset Date, 
the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will 
be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Reset Margin as determined by the 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate). The 
First Reset Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate 
or the previous Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the 
Fixed Reset Notes. 
Notes and S.O. Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Issues of Notes and S.O. Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, such as "green bonds", there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) relating to any 
specific Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds 
from an offer of those Notes or S.O. Bonds towards specific projects and activities that promote sustainability 
and other environmental purposes (green bonds). Prospective investors should have regard to the information 
in this Offering Circular, the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. 
Bonds) regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information

--- Page 28 ---
28 
for the purpose of any investment green bonds, together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for 
the specified purposes will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of 
association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-
labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" 
or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. There are, however, ongoing iniatives within the European 
Union to develop a EU standard for green bonds, but no assurance can be given if or when such a standard 
will be established. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that a green bond will meet any 
or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of a green bond. The Issuer has published a framework relating to an investment in green 
bonds which is available on the Issuer's website (www.landshypotek.se). 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any green bonds in order to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular. Any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such green bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the 
date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such green bonds. Currently, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such green bond is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investments criteria or guidelines with such investor or its 
investments are required to comply whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own articles of association or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of 
or related to, any green bonds. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such green bonds or, if obtained, 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the green bonds. While it is 
the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any green bonds in accordance with the purposes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds), there can be 
no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally 
disbursed for the specified purposes. Nor can there be any assurance that such projects will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  The Arranger will not, and none of the Dealers will, verify 
or monitor the application of the proceeds of any green bonds issued under the Programme. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a default 
under the S.O. Bonds. Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds 
for any specified purposes as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such green bond no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such green bonds, and also potentially the value of any other green bond which 
is intended to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Risks relating to the regulation and reform of benchmarks, including EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR and 
other interest rates and other types of benchmarks 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) and the 
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NIBOR) and other interest rates and indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. The implementation 
of the anticipated reforms may result in changes to a benchmark's administration, causing it to perform 
differently than in the past, or to be eliminated entirely, or resulting in other consequences which cannot be 
predicted as at the date of this Offering Circular. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any 
Notes or S.O. Bonds linked to such a "benchmark" (including, for example, Floating Rate Notes or S.O. 
Bonds whose interest rate is linked to EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR or any other Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds)). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation has applied since 1 January 2018, subject to certain transitional provisions, 
to "contributors" to, "administrators" of, and "users" of benchmarks in the EU.  The EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, among other things, (a) requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered and 
to comply with requirements relating to the administration of benchmarks, (b) prohibits the use in the EU of 
benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, and (c) prohibits the use in the EU of benchmarks provided by non-EU 
administrators (if not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorse). 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation (together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Benchmarks 
Regulations) contains substantially the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but has a 
narrower geographical scope. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark, the administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the UK.  In-scope entities 
include UK benchmark administrators and UK supervised entities. 
ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark administrators and non-EU benchmarks 
pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the ESMA Register).  Benchmarks and benchmark 
administrators which were approved by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the ESMA 
Register on 1 January 2021.  From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a separate public register of 
FCA-approved benchmark administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation (the UK Register).  The UK Register includes benchmark administrators and benchmarks which 
were approved by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes or S.O. Bonds which pay a floating 
rate of interest (including Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate S.O. Bonds).  In particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark (such as EURIBOR) are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulations, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the level or volatility of such benchmark.  In addition, market 
participants may be discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark and the rules 
or methodologies used in the benchmarks may change, which may lead to the disappearance of the 
benchmark.  Any of these changes, could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return, on any 
Notes or S.O. Bonds linked to a benchmark. 
Specifically, regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition away from 
IBORs, such as the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and EURIBOR, and have identified 'risk free 
rates' to replace such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst others) (i) for GBP LIBOR, the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), so that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling 
interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021, (ii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) to be eventually established as the primary US dollar interest rate benchmark, and (iii) for EURIBOR 
(and also EONIA, which is scheduled to be discontinued on 3 January 2022), a new Euro Short-Term Rate 
(€STR or EuroSTR) as the new euro risk-free rate. The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with 
risk-free rates cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. These risk-free rates may have a different methodology and 
other important differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace. Any of these developments could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes or S.O. Bonds linked to any such rates. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, United 
Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, 
or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could have

--- Page 30 ---
30 
a material adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Notes or S.O. Bonds linked to 
such benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the applicable Benchmarks Regulations reforms, investigations and licensing issues in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Notes or S.O. Bonds linked to a benchmark. 
Risks relating to the on-going reform and potential cessation of Reference Rates 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Agent) determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, Terms and Conditions of the S.O. 
Bonds and Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds) has occurred, the Issuer shall use reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select, the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that 
if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, the further 
fallbacks described in each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes, Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds shall 
apply. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been 
made on the Notes or S.O. Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. 
Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Issuer fails to agree a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable with the Independent 
Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate or adjustment spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a 
conflict of interest. The Issuer has also undertaken in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes, Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
S.O. Bonds that it will not make any amendment pursuant to each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS S.O. Bonds if to do so could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes or 
S.O. Bonds as, in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, eligible liabilities 
and/or loss-absorbing capacity or, in the case of the Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or 
the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation. 
Risks associated with Notes or S.O. Bonds that reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR as the Reference Rate
The market continues to develop with respect to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the capital 
markets and their adoption as an alternative to the relevant LIBOR rate or EURIBOR (as the case may be).  
In particular, whilst Notes or S.O. Bonds may be issued under the Programme that reference SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR using a compounded in arrear or weighted average formula, it is possible that the market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt a different application of such rate.  The key terms to calculate and 
determine the applicable SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rate, such as for example the compounding 
structure applied (if any), the use of term rates (if any), the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions or the applicable observation method, may evolve over time in the debt capital markets and trading 
prices of Notes or S.O. Bonds that reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR as the Reference Rate may be lower 
than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result.  
Interest on Notes or S.O. Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR as the Reference Rate is only 
capable of being determined at the end of an observation period and shortly prior to the relevant interest 
payment date. It may therefore be difficult (if not impossible) for investors in Notes or S.O. Bonds which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR as the Reference Rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes or S.O. Bonds. Some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
or S.O. Bonds without changes to their information technology or other operational systems, which could 
adversely impact their liquidity. Further, if the Notes or S.O. Bonds become due and payable prior to their 
stated maturity, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes or S.O. Bonds became 
due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
The manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates in the debt capital markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR, SOFR and €STR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes or S.O. Bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR. 
Further, the composition and characteristics of SONIA, SOFR and €STR are not the same and are different 
from the composition and characteristics of LIBOR and EURIBOR.  For example: 
•
SONIA is an unsecured overnight rate published by the Bank of England and reflects the average 
of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling overnight from other financial institutions 
based on actual transactions; 
•
SOFR is a secured overnight rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and 
represents a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by U.S. Treasury 
securities. SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate plus bilateral Treasury 
repurchase agreement (repo) transactions cleared through the Delivery-versus-Payment (DVP) 
service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, which is filtered to remove a portion 
of transactions considered "specials"; and 
•
€STR is an unsecured overnight rate reported by the ECB as a volume-weighted trimmed mean 
based on borrowing transactions in Euro conducted with financial counterparties that banks report 
in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1333/2014 (MMSR Regulation). It is based on daily 
confidential statistical information relating to money market transactions collected in accordance 
with the MMSR Regulation. The regular data collection started on 1 July 2016 and €STR is based 
exclusively on the eligible data from the unsecured market segment of the MMSR. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that SONIA, SOFR or €STR (or any term reference rate derived on any 
of them) will perform in the same way as LIBOR or EURIBOR would have at any time, including, without 
limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional 
economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. 
Because SONIA, SOFR and €STR are published based on data received from a variety of sources, the Issuer 
has no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability 
at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee, particularly given the relatively recent introduction 
and publication of these rates and their adoption as replacements for LIBOR and EURIBOR, that these rates 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
investors in the Notes or S.O. Bonds that reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR as the Reference Rate (as the 
case may be). If the manner in which SONIA, SOFR or €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and S.O. Bonds and the trading prices of the 
Notes and S.O Bonds. In addition, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the ECB 
may withdraw, modify or amend published data relating to SONIA, SOFR or €STR (as the case may be) in 
its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate under the Notes or S.O. Bonds for any day will not be 
adjusted for any modifications or amendments to data that the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or the ECB may publish after the interest rate for that day has been determined. 
Although the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the ECB publish historical data 
(or historical indicative data) in respect of SONIA, SOFR and €STR respectively, investors should not rely 
on any historical changes or trends in SONIA, SOFR or €STR as an indicator of future changes in such rates.  
Furthermore, since SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates are relatively new reference rates, Notes or S.O. 
Bonds that reference SONIA, SOFR and €STR as the Reference Rate may not have an established trading 
market and an established trading market may not develop or may not be very liquid.  Similarly, if SONIA, 
SOFR and €STR do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes or S.O. Bonds, the trading price 
of the Notes or S.O. Bonds that reference SONIA, SOFR and €STR as the Reference Rate may be lower than 
those of Notes or S.O. Bonds linked to reference rates that are more widely used. Investors in Notes or S.O. 
Bonds that reference SONIA, SOFR and €STR as the Reference Rate may not be able to sell such Notes or 
S.O. Bonds at all or may not be able to sell such Notes or S.O. Bonds at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
B.
Risks related to Notes and S.O. Bonds generally 
Noteholders are subject to credit risk on the Issuer 
Noteholders take a credit risk on the Issuer. A Noteholder's ability to receive payment under the Notes is 
dependent on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations, which in turn is dependent upon the 
financial condition and viability of the Issuer.  
Meetings of holders of Notes or S.O. Bonds, modification and waivers 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds each contain 
provisions for calling meetings of holders of Notes or S.O. Bonds (other than holders of Swedish Notes or 
Swedish S.O. Bonds), as the case may be, to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the relevant Series of Notes or S.O. Bonds including 
holders of such Notes or S.O. Bonds who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders of such 
Notes or S.O. Bonds who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The decision of the majority may not 
be, or be perceived to be, in the interests of individual holders of Notes or S.O. Bonds who did not vote in the 
same way as the majority. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds are based on English 
law (save that Conditions 2(b) and 2(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the VPS Notes and 
Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and the VPS S.O. Bonds are governed by the 
laws of Sweden and Conditions 13, 14 and 16 of the VPS Notes and Conditions 11, 12 and 13 of the VPS 
S.O. Bonds are governed by the laws of Norway) in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes or S.O. 
Bonds. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Swedish law or Norwegian law, as the case may be, or administrative practice after the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes or S.O. Bonds and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any 
investments affected by it.  
Notes and S.O. Bonds where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Notes and Definitive 
S.O. Bonds 
In relation to any issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds (other than Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes 
and/or VPS S.O. Bonds) which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes and S.O. Bonds 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples 
of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal 
amount of Notes or S.O. Bonds at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a Note in definitive form (a Definitive Note) or an S.O. Bond in 
definitive form (a Definitive S.O. Bond) in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes or S.O. Bonds 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes or S.O. Bonds at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If Definitive Notes and S.O. Bonds are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes and S.O. Bonds 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Sweden and VPS procedures 
Notes and S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS 
Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds) will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes or Global S.O. Bonds 
that may be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note or Global S.O. Bond, as applicable, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Definitive Notes or S.O. Bonds. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in each Global Note or Global S.O. Bond, as applicable, held through it. While the Notes or S.O.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Bonds are represented by a Global Note or Global S.O. Bond, as applicable, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes and S.O. Bonds are represented by Global Notes or Global S.O. Bonds, as applicable, the 
Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the Notes and S.O. Bonds by making payments through 
the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or Global S.O. Bond, as 
applicable, must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments 
under the Notes and S.O. Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note or Global S.O. Bond, as applicable. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note or Global S.O. Bond, as applicable, will not have a direct 
right to vote in respect of the Notes and S.O. Bonds so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to 
act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint 
appropriate proxies. 
Similarly, Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds will be issued in registered, 
uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form registered in Euroclear Sweden or the VPS, as applicable. 
Euroclear Sweden or the VPS will maintain records of the ownership of the Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. 
Bonds, VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds, as applicable. Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes and 
VPS S.O. Bonds will not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of 
account made by Euroclear Sweden or the VPS, as applicable. Ownership of Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. 
Bonds, VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book-entry 
system and register maintained by Euroclear Sweden or the VPS, as applicable.  
The Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes and 
VPS S.O. Bonds by making payments through Euroclear Sweden or the VPS, as applicable, and holders of 
Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds must therefore rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear Sweden or the VPS, as applicable, to receive payments under Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. 
Bonds, VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating 
to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes 
and VPS S.O. Bonds. Investors with accounts in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg may hold VPS 
Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds in their accounts with such clearing systems and the relevant clearing system will 
be shown in the records of the VPS as the holder of the relevant amount of VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds. 
Extendable obligations under the S.O. Bonds 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of S.O. Bonds in full on 
their Maturity Date, payment of such amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) for a relevant Series 
of S.O. Bonds (the relevant Series of S.O. Bonds) provide that such S.O. Bonds are subject to an extended 
final maturity date on which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount 
payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in 
full on the Maturity Date (the Extended Final Maturity Date). 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Final Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (but excluding) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date). 
The Issuer is not required to notify the holders of S.O. Bonds of such automatic deferral. The Extended Final 
Maturity Date will be the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement). Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount at the Floating 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) and will be payable on each Interest Payment Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (but 
excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, up to (and including) 
the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date). In these circumstances, failure by the Issuer to make payment in 
respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a default in payment by 
the Issuer. However, failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount or the balance thereof on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date and/or interest on such amount on any Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Maturity Date up to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds,

--- Page 34 ---
34 
up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date) shall constitute a default in payment by the 
Issuer. 
Furthermore, in relation to all amounts constituting accrued interest due and payable on each Interest Payment 
Date falling after the Maturity Date up to (but excluding) the Extended Final Maturity Date (or, in the case 
of Swedish S.O. Bonds, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date), as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement), the 
relevant Series of S.O. Bonds shall accrue interest at the Floating Rate set out in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement) notwithstanding that the relevant 
S.O. Bond may have been a Fixed Rate S.O. Bond as at its relevant Issue Date. 
Such consequences of the extendable obligations under the S.O. Bonds could have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of an investment in the S.O. Bonds. 
Enforceability of judgments
Under the Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements (the Hague Convention) as 
implemented in Sweden through the Swedish Supplementary Provisions on a Court’s Jurisdiction and on 
Recognition and International Enforcement of certain Judgments Act (lagen (2014:912) med kompletterande 
bestämmelser om domstols behörighet och om erkännande och internationell verkställighet av vissa 
avgöranden), a judgment given by the courts of England in relation to the Notes or S.O. Bonds will in 
principle be recognised and enforced by a Swedish court provided that the judgment in relation to the Notes 
or S.O. Bonds falls within the substantive and geographic scope of the Hague Convention and that the relevant 
jurisdiction agreement was concluded on or after 1 January 2021. Should the Hague convention not be 
applicable and absent any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of 
judgments applicable in relation to the Notes or S.O. Bonds between the United Kingdom and Sweden, a final 
judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes or S.O. Bonds obtained in the courts of England 
against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden. However, if a 
Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgment rendered in an English 
court may be submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the 
dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial 
on a judgment’s merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
C.
Additional risks relating to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes only 
Events of Default in relation to Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes 
Condition 10 of each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS 
Notes contains a restricted list of Events of Default in relation to the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. If any such Event of Default occurs, the holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes shall only be entitled to institute proceedings for 
the Issuer to be declared bankrupt or put into liquidation and prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation 
of the Issuer. Holders may claim payment in respect of the Senior Preferred, Senior Non-Preferred and 
Subordinated Notes only in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer and this may adversely affect the 
market value of Senior Preferred, Senior Non-Preferred and Subordinated Notes. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt, which may rank pari passu with or senior to the 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of debt that the Issuer may issue or incur that ranks senior to, or 
pari passu with, the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. The 
incurrence of any such debt may reduce the amount recoverable by holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation 
(likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, may limit the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and could result 
in holders losing all or some of their investment in the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes. In addition, the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes do not contain any restriction on the Issuer issuing securities ranking pari passu with the Senior

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes and having similar or preferential terms 
to the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes.
Call options may not be exercised 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes have no rights to call 
for the redemption of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
Although the Issuer may redeem the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes in certain circumstances, as described in Condition 7 of each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes, there are limitations on its ability to do so, in particular 
obtaining the prior permission of the Competent Authority (if such permission is then required (in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) by the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes) by the Capital Regulations). Investors should not purchase Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes in the expectation that the Issuer will redeem the Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes should it become entitled to do so under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. Any decision by the 
Issuer as to whether it will exercise calls in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes will be taken at the absolute discretion of the Issuer with regard to factors such as the 
economic impact of exercising such calls, the capital requirements of the Issuer at the relevant time and 
prevailing market conditions.  
In assessing whether or not to permit a redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes, the Competent 
Authority must take into account the capital position of the Issuer at the relevant time as well as certain 
regulatory conditions. In respect of Subordinated Notes, these regulatory conditions include the requirement 
under the CRR that, if the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed during the first five years after their 
issuance, the Issuer must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the event triggering 
such redemption was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of the issue of the Subordinated Notes and, in the 
case of a call relating to a Tax Event, that the adverse tax treatment is material and, in the case of a call 
relating to a Capital Event, that such change is sufficiently certain. These conditions, as well as a number of 
other technical rules and standards relating to regulatory capital requirements applicable to the Issuer, should 
be taken into account by the Competent Authority in its assessment of whether or not to permit any 
redemption or repurchase of Subordinated Notes during the first five years (or other relevant period) after 
issuance. Even after the initial five years (or other relevant period) have expired, the Competent Authority 
should still take into account such other technical rules and standards before consenting to any early 
redemption or repurchase.  
Where consent is required under applicable law or regulation, it is uncertain how the Competent Authority 
will apply these criteria in practice and such rules and standards may change during the life of the 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. It is therefore difficult to predict 
whether at any time, and on what terms, the Competent Authority will permit any early redemption or 
repurchase of the Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Holders of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes should be aware 
that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period. 
No right of set-off or counterclaim 
Subject as provided in each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the 
VPS Notes and as a general principle of Swedish law, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, no Noteholder who, in the event of the liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, is indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any right of set-off 
or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes (including any damages 
awarded for breach of any obligations under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if any are payable) held 
by such Noteholder, which could adversely affect the amount recovered in any liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer. 
Any early redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may 
limit their market value and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes may contain provisions allowing 
the Issuer to call them after a minimum period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement), which, in respect of Subordinated Notes, is expected to 
be a minimum period of five years, and on certain specified dates thereafter. The Issuer may also be entitled 
to redeem Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes at any time if a Tax 
Event occurs or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) a Capital Event occurs or (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) an MREL Disqualification Event occurs. To exercise any such call 
option, the Issuer must, if required under applicable law or regulation, obtain the prior consent of the 
Competent Authority and the exercise of the call option must be in compliance with certain regulatory 
conditions. 
There can be no assurance that, in the event of any such early redemption, holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal 
to the return on the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Subordinated Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, the market value of the Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any such period. 
Substitution or variation of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
Where Condition 7(l) is stated as applying in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement) in respect 
of an issue of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Capital Event or a Tax Event occurs (to the extent such 
redemption provisions apply to such issue), then the Issuer may, subject to the consent of the Competent 
Authority and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, substitute or vary the 
terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain, or become, Subordinated Qualifying Securities, as 
provided in Condition 7(l) of each of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes. 
Where Condition 7(l) is stated as applying in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement) in respect 
of an issue of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if at any time an MREL Disqualification 
Event or a Tax Event occurs (to the extent such redemption provisions apply to such issue), then the Issuer 
may, subject to the consent of the Competent Authority and without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, substitute or vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes so that they remain, or become, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or Senior Non-
Preferred Qualifying Securities, as provided in Condition 7(l) of each of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. 
Any such substitution or variation may have adverse consequences for holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, dependent on a number of factors, including the nature 
and terms and conditions of the relevant Qualifying Securities and the tax laws to which a particular holder 
of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes is subject. 
The Issuer's gross-up obligation in respect of interest payments under the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes is limited 
If "Additional Amounts – Interest Only" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
would not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of 
taxes on any payments of interest under the terms of (i) each Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and (ii) each Series of Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction 
were to apply to under any Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or any Series of 
Subordinated Notes, holders of such Notes would be entitled to receive only the net amount of such interest

--- Page 37 ---
37 
after deduction of the amount required to be withheld. Therefore, holders may receive less than the full 
amount due under such Notes, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected as a result. 
D.
Additional risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer's unsubordinated creditors 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, with Senior Non-
Preferred Ranking, of the Issuer. As provided under Condition 2(b), the rights of the holders of any Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall, rank (i) pari passu without any preference among themselves; (ii) pari passu with 
the rights of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; (iii) senior to the rights of 
holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, including any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which 
constitutes, or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital 
or any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes an Additional Tier 1 Instrument, which by law 
rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer; (iv) 
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference shares (if any)) of the 
Issuer in their capacity as such holders; and (v) junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of 
(x) depositors of the Issuer, and (y) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes) that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. If, in the 
event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs), the assets of the Issuer 
are insufficient to enable the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, the holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If there 
are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient 
assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising under its obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the holders of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. Furthermore, in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, any payment to holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be 
made after the claims of more senior-ranking creditors of the Issuer have been paid in full. 
Furthermore, as described in the risk factors entitled "Bank and Recovery Resolution Directive", "Loss 
absorption at the point of non-viability" and "Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the BRRD", the BRRD contains a number of resolution tools and powers which may be applied by the 
resolution authority as part of the resolution of an EU credit institution, such as the Issuer, including a general 
power to write-down all or a portion of the principal amount of, or interest on, certain eligible liabilities and/or 
to convert certain unsubordinated debt claims into another security, including CET 1 instruments, of the 
surviving entity.  As further described above, one of the key principles of the BRRD in the exercise of those 
powers and tools by the resolution authority is that (in general terms) shareholders and subordinated creditors 
(including those of holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) must bear losses and, 
only when those claims are exhausted, can resolution authorities impose losses on senior creditors (such as 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes).   
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some 
of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
The rights of holders of Subordinated Notes, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation 
(likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, will be subordinated in right of payment to the claims of 
depositors, other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer and subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose rights 
are expressed to rank in priority to holders of such Subordinated Notes. If, in the event of a voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs), the assets of the Issuer are insufficient to enable 
the Issuer to repay the claims of more senior-ranking creditors in full, the holders of Subordinated Notes will 
lose their entire investment in the Subordinated Notes. If there are sufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay 
the claims of senior-ranking creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable the Issuer to pay claims arising 
under its obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims that rank pari passu with the 
Subordinated Notes, the holders of the Subordinated Notes will lose some (which may be substantially all) 
of their investment in the Subordinated Notes.  Furthermore, in the event of a voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, any payment to holders of the Subordinated 
Notes may only be made after the claims of more senior-ranking creditors of the Issuer have been paid in full.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of 
the Issuer. See Condition 2(c) of each the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes. 
The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes are subject to the risk that such Notes 
may be required to absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the Issuer  
With regard to risks applying to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes in the context 
of loss absorption at the point of non-viability of the Issuer and resolution and further risks in connection with 
regulatory aspects concerning financial institutions in general, please see "Loss absorption at the point of 
non-viability of the Issuer" and "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" above. 
E.
Additional risks related to S.O. Bonds only 
Risks associated with the priority rights of S.O. Bonds 
S.O. Bonds have a priority right over assets in the Issuer's cover pool according to the Swedish Act on 
Issuance of Covered Bonds and the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)). Under 
the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds, the holders of S.O. Bonds also have a right to receive 
payment at the times and in the amounts stated in the terms and conditions even if the Issuer should have 
entered into bankruptcy proceedings. There may however be situations when the S.O. Bonds would not have 
the expected priority right or when their priority right and right to timely payment would prove to be less 
extensive than expected. Such circumstances would be expected to have a negative impact on the market 
value of an S.O. Bond. See "Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds". 
Lacking compliance with matching requirements 
According to the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds, the Issuer must comply with certain matching 
requirements, which, inter alia, require that the nominal value and the present value of the assets registered 
to the cover pool respectively exceed by at least 2 per cent, the nominal value and the present value of 
liabilities which relate to the S.O. Bonds issued from time to time, with respect to the cover pool and the 
covered bonds. In order to comply with these requirements, the Issuer may enter into derivative contracts. To 
do so, the Issuer is dependent on the availability of derivative counterparties with sufficient credit rating and 
also on such counterparties fulfilling their contractual obligations. 
If the value of property which serves as collateral for a mortgage loan granted by the Issuer decreases 
substantially – and the Issuer does not take remedial actions to restore the ratio between the outstanding 
nominal claims under the covered bonds and the value of the assets in the cover pool – there is a risk that the 
Issuer will not be able to comply with the matching requirements. 
If the Issuer is declared bankrupt and the administrator in bankruptcy determines that the matching 
requirements are not complied with (and such deviation is not only temporary and minor) the assets in the 
cover pool will no longer be separated, and ordinary bankruptcy procedures will be applied. Payments will 
then no longer be made in accordance with the terms and conditions of the S.O. Bonds, but in accordance 
with the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code (Konkurslagen (1987:672)). This may mean that a holder of S.O. 
Bonds will not receive full payment, and that any payment may be made in advance or in arrears. However, 
the priority right to the assets in the cover pool will remain. To the extent the cover pool does not suffice to 
satisfy the claims under the covered bonds and the relating derivative contracts, remaining claims will rank 
pari passu with other unsecured unsubordinated claims against the Issuer. 
Conflicting interests of other creditors 
In the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy, the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds does not give clear 
guidance on certain issues, which may lead to a conflict between the holders of Notes, any other holder of 
S.O. Bonds and any relevant swap providers on the one hand and other creditors of the Issuer on the other 
hand. Examples of such issues are (a) how proceeds from a loan partly registered to a cover pool should be 
distributed between the portion of such loan registered to the cover pool and the portion of such loan not 
registered to the cover pool and (b) how the proceeds of enforcement of a mortgage certificate should be 
distributed if this serves as collateral for two different loans ranking pari passu in the mortgage certificate 
where one such loan is not wholly or partly registered to the cover pool. The lack of clear guidance on these

--- Page 39 ---
39 
and similar issues may lead to unsecured creditors arguing that part of the proceeds from a loan and/or 
mortgage certificate should not be included in the cover pool or to any creditors with loans that rank pari 
passu in a mortgage certificate which also serves as collateral for a loan registered to the cover pool arguing 
that part of the proceeds from such mortgage certificate should not be included in the cover pool.  If any such 
claim were upheld, it could diminish the value of assets in the cover pool, which could have an adverse effect 
of the recovery of holders of S.O. Bonds in the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy. 
Levy of execution on the assets in the cover pools 
Although the Swedish Rights of Priority Act prescribes that a special right of priority applies upon both 
bankruptcy and levy of execution, it has been argued with considerable authority that, as the Swedish 
Enforcement Code (Utsökningsbalken (1981:774)) does not protect the special right of priority of a holder of 
covered bonds in competition with another creditor seeking execution, such a creditor may, through levy of 
execution, obtain a right which is superior to the right of priority accorded to holders of covered bonds under 
the Swedish Rights of Priority Act. Such preference right may be challenged by a bankruptcy administrator 
and be voidable if the preference was obtained within three months prior to the commencement of the Issuer's 
bankruptcy proceedings on the basis that such creditor has been preferred over the holder of S.O. Bonds and 
the Issuer's ordinary creditors. If such challenge is not made this could ultimately result in a reduction in the 
return to the holders of S.O. Bonds. 
Unavailability of funds in a bankruptcy 
Neither the Issuer nor an administrator in bankruptcy would be allowed to issue covered bonds in a 
bankruptcy of the Issuer.  
Whilst there can be no assurance as to the actual ability of the bankruptcy estate to raise post-bankruptcy 
liquidity in other ways, the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds gives the administrators-in-
bankruptcy an explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf 
of the bankruptcy estate with a view to attaining matching of cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest 
periods between assets in the cover pool, covered bonds and derivative contracts. The administrators-in-
bankruptcy may also raise liquidity by selling assets in the cover pool in the market for example. If the 
bankruptcy estate is not able to raise sufficient liquidity, this could result in holders of S.O. Bonds not being 
paid in a timely manner. 
Overcollateralisation 
There is no requirement to obtain or maintain any credit rating of the Issuer and/or S.O. Bonds, and any credit 
rating may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time (see "Credit ratings may not 
reflect all risks" for further details). Any rating of the S.O. Bonds are based on an assumption of a certain 
level of overcollateralisation, and the relevant rating agencies may change the level of overcollateralisation 
that is required for maintaining the rating of the S.O. Bonds from time to time. The terms and conditions of 
the S.O. Bonds do not require the Issuer to maintain the overcollateralisation of the S.O. Bonds at the original 
level or the level required by the relevant rating agencies or to increase the overcollateralisation of the S.O. 
Bonds in the event that the rating agencies require an increase to maintain the rating, and the Issuer cannot 
guarantee that a certain rating of the S.O. Bonds will be maintained throughout the term of the S.O. Bonds. 
Such change in the rating of the S.O. Bonds may adversely affect the market value of the S.O. Bonds. 
Legal risks 
S.O. Bonds are mainly regulated in the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds and the Swedish Rights 
of Priority Act. The Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds entered into force in 2004 and there is no 
case law relating to it. At present, it is thus not established how certain rules of the Swedish Act on Issuance 
of Covered Bonds should be construed and applied and whether future amendments to the Swedish Act on 
Issuance of Covered Bonds or applicable guidelines or regulations issued by the SFSA will have an impact 
on the S.O. Bonds. Any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any investments affected 
by it. As further described under the risk factor "Harmonisation of the EU covered Bond framework" above, 
the Covered Bond Report set forth a proposal on the Swedish implementation of the EU covered bond 
directive but it is still unclear how the directive will affect the Swedish legislation governing covered bonds 
and, therefore, there can be no assurances or predictions made as to the precise effect of the new regime on 
the S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
No gross-up in respect of the S.O. Bonds 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds, all payments in respect of the S.O. Bonds will be made 
without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes is required by law, in which case such deduction will be made by or 
on behalf of the Issuer. 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. 
Bonds do not require the Issuer to pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction; 
therefore, the holders of the S.O. Bonds may not receive the full amount of payments in respect of the S.O. 
Bonds. 
The S.O. Bonds contain no event of default provisions that allow the S.O. Bonds to be accelerated 
The Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds do not include any event of default provisions (including any 
event of default for non-payment) the occurrence of which would entitle holders of S.O. Bonds to accelerate 
the S.O. Bonds and it is envisaged that holders will only be paid scheduled interest payments under the S.O. 
Bonds as and when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds. The only remedies 
available to holders of the S.O. Bonds are to sue in respect of non-payment or petition for the bankruptcy of 
the Issuer. The absence of any events of default from the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds may make 
it less likely that holders will recoup their investment in full in the event that the Issuer experiences financial 
distress. See the section "Overview of the Swedish Legislation Regarding Covered Bonds" for a description 
of the holders' remedies in the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy. 
Exemptions from amortisation of residential mortgage loans 
The SFSA has over the past few years introduced amortisation requirements for residential mortgage loans 
to lower the debt of borrowers and to make them more resilient to fluctuations in their personal economy. To 
strengthen borrowers' ability to handle a continued downturn in the economy due to the COVID-19 pandemic, 
the SFSA decided on 14 April 2020 to enable banks to grant a temporary exemption from the amortisation 
requirements for their residential mortgage loans. However, each bank still holds the right to decide whether 
individual borrower's may be granted a temporary exemption from the amortisation requirement, based on an 
assessment of the specific situation and payment ability of the requesting borrower. On 24 March 2021, the 
SFSA communicated that the temporary exemption will expire on 31 August 2021. 
As a consequence of the SFSA's decision, the Issuer has offered its borrowers to apply for exemption from 
scheduled amortisations on their residential mortgage loans and, as of 31 December 2020, some 490 
households encompassed by the SFSA's amortisation requirement had been granted amortisation exemption, 
corresponding to a volume of approximately SEK 11,600,000. If a substantial number of additional borrowers 
were to apply for such exemption and the Issuer decides to grant such applications, or if the borrowers' ability 
to make scheduled amortisations would decrease substantially, it could potentially have an effect on the part 
of the pool of assets containing residential mortgages (the Relevant Asset Pool). The Relevant Asset Pool is 
a limited part of the Issuer's total pool of assets.  However, if the loan amount for the mortgage loans included 
in the Relevant Asset Pool does not decline or declines at a significantly slower rate than as previously 
anticipated, and if the value of the property which serves as collateral for such residential mortgage loans 
would decrease significantly, there is a risk that the applicable loan-to-value ratios for the relevant underlying 
collateral potentially could be exceeded, and, as a consequence, that the whole amount of residential mortgage 
loans will not be eligible to be included in the Relevant Asset Pool, see further section "Overview of the 
Swedish legislation regarding Covered Bonds".  
F.
Risks related to the market generally  
The secondary market generally 
Notes and S.O. Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes or 
S.O. Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes and S.O. Bonds that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies 
or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types 
of Notes and S.O. Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility

--- Page 41 ---
41 
than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and S.O. Bonds in the Specified Currency. This 
presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
yield on the Notes and S.O. Bonds, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and S.O. Bonds and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes and S.O. 
Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes and S.O. Bonds. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or S.O. Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid the Fixed Rate Notes or S.O. Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of Fixed 
Rate Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the Notes and/or S.O. 
Bonds. Any such ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes and S.O. Bonds. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended, reduced or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any such revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal could 
adversely affect the market value of the Notes or S.O. Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer does not 
commit to ensure that any specific rating of any Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds will be upheld nor that any 
credit rating agency rating the Notes or S.O. Bonds will remain the same. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EU, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement 
action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note that this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and 
(b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of 
existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes or S.O. Bonds changes for the purposes of the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes or S.O. Bonds may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated investors selling their Notes or S.O. Bonds, which

--- Page 42 ---
42 
may impact the value of the Notes or S.O. Bonds in the secondary market. Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out in "Form of Final Terms" and "Form of Pricing Supplement" 
below and will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Offering Circular and have been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering 
Circular: 
(i)
the unaudited financial statements of the Issuer for the three months ended 31 March 2021 (including the 
information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's Interim Report, January – March 2021 (the 2021 
First 
Quarter 
Interim 
Report) 
in 
particular) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-info/finansiella-rapporter/landshypotek-
bank-interim-report-q1-2021_eng.pdf): 
Income Statement
..........................................................................................................................
Page 11 
Statement of Comprehensive Income
..........................................................................................................................
Page 11 
Balance Sheet
..........................................................................................................................
Page 12 
Cash-flow Statement
..........................................................................................................................
Page 12 
Statement of Changes in Equity
..........................................................................................................................
Page 13 
Notes
..........................................................................................................................
Pages 14 to 25 
Alternative Performance Measures
..........................................................................................................................
Page 26 
(ii)
the auditor's report and audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 (including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's 2020 Annual 
Report 
(the 
2020 
Annual 
Report) 
in 
particular) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-info/finansiella-rapporter/landshypotek-
bank---annual-report-2020.pdf): 
Income Statement
..........................................................................................................................
Page 48 
Statement of Comprehensive Income
..........................................................................................................................
Page 49 
Balance Sheet
..........................................................................................................................
Page 50 
Statement of Changes in Equity
..........................................................................................................................
Page 51 
Cash-flow Statement
..........................................................................................................................
Page 52 
Alternative Performance Measures
..........................................................................................................................
Pages 54 to 55 
Notes
..........................................................................................................................
Pages 56 to 95 
Auditor's Report
 ..........................................................................................................................  
Pages 96 to 100 
(iii)
the auditor's report and audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 (including the information set out at the following pages of the Issuer's 2019 Annual 
Report 
(the 
2019 
Annual 
Report) 
in 
particular) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-info/finansiella-
rapporter/reports/landshypotek-bank---arsredovisning-2019-eng.pdf): 
Income Statement
..........................................................................................................................
Page 58

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Statement of Comprehensive Income
..........................................................................................................................
Page 58 
Balance Sheet
..........................................................................................................................
Page 59 
Statement of Changes in Equity
..........................................................................................................................
Page 60 
Cash-flow Statement
..........................................................................................................................
Page 61 
Alternative Performance Measures
..........................................................................................................................
Pages 63 to 64 
Notes
..........................................................................................................................
Pages 65 to 104 
Auditor's Report
 ..........................................................................................................................  
Pages 105 to 107 
(iv)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and S.O. Bonds contained in previous Offering Circulars prepared 
by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated: 
(i)
29 
May 
2013 
(pages 
46 
to 
116 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-info/emtn/grundprospekt-emtn-
program-2013.pdf);  
(ii)
28 
May 
2014 
(pages 
47 
to 
120 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-
info/upplaningsprogram/grundprospekt-emtn-program-2014.pdf);  
(iii)
28 
May 
2015 
(pages 
55 
to 
127 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-
info/upplaningsprogram/landshypotek-offering-circular-28-may-2015-final.pdf);  
(iv)
4 
May 
2016 
(pages 
60 
to 
141 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-
info/upplaningsprogram/offering-circular-landshypotek-bank-emtn-2016-final.pdf);  
(v)
19 
May 
2017 
(pages 
62 
to 
149 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-info/emtn/landshypotek-bank-
emtn-offering-circular-19-may-2017-final.pdf);  
(vi)
12 
April 
2018 
(pages 
68 
to 
155 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-
info/emtn/offering_circular_landshypotek_bank_emtn_2018.pdf);  
(vii)
3 
May 
2019 
(pages 
81 
to 
188 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-info/emtn/landshypotek-emtn-
2019-oc.pdf); and 
(viii)
4 
May 
2020 
(pages 
81 
to 
208 
(inclusive)) 
(available 
for 
viewing 
at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-
info/upplaningsprogram/offering-circular-landshypotek-bank-emtn-_2020_final.pdf) 
and 
the 
supplement dated 27 November 2020 (pages 1-3 (inclusive)) (available for viewing at: 
https://www.landshypotek.se/globalassets/dokument/finansiell-info/emtn/landshypotek-emtn-
programme-_2020-11-27_-supplement-no.-2.pdf). 
The information not included in the cross-reference list is not incorporated by reference and is considered to be 
either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular. Any information on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority unless incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular can be obtained from (i) the registered 
office of the Issuer, (ii) the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg, 
and (iii) on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, www.bourse.lu. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in any document incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the  assessment of any Notes and/or S.O. Bonds, 
prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds, as applicable.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable 
Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons attached or, 
in the case of Swedish Notes and VPS Notes, registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes (other than Swedish Notes and VPS Notes) will be in bearer form and will be initially 
issued in the form of a temporary global note (a Temporary Global Note) or if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms a permanent Global Note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with the Temporary Global Note, 
the Global Notes and each a Global Note) which, in either case, will: 
(i)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other 
amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against 
presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of 
interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required 
by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for Definitive Notes of the same Series with, 
where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in 
the case of Definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given. 
The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note 
for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon either 
(a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) 
only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) 
the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or 
(iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also 
give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons relating 
to such Notes where the Notes have an original maturity of more than one year and where TEFRA D is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing 
Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be 
assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any 
other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which 
shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made on the due date in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 7 May 
2021 executed by the Issuer. 
VPS NOTES 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. Legal 
title to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. On the issue of such VPS 
Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies to the Agent and the VPS Agent (the VPS 
Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final Terms attached 
thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter, including the relevant Final Terms, to the VPS and notification 
to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the account operator acting on 
behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with the VPS with a nominal amount of VPS Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in the VPS will take place two Oslo business 
days after the relevant transaction. Transfers of interest in the relevant VPS Notes will only take place in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS.  
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
SWEDISH NOTES 
Each Tranche of Swedish Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler 
och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the SFIA Act). No global or definitive Notes will be 
issued in respect thereof. The holder of a Swedish Note will be the person evidenced as such by the book-entry 
system and register (the Euroclear Sweden Register) for such Note maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf 
of the Issuer. Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced, it shall be treated 
by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish Note. 
Title to the Swedish Notes will pass by way of registration in the Euroclear Sweden Register, perfected in 
accordance with the legislation (including the SFIA Act), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by 
Euroclear Sweden that are in force and effect from time to time. On the issue of Swedish Notes, the Issuer will 
send a copy of the applicable Final Terms to the Swedish Issuing Agent, with a copy to the Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden will take place 
in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant Swedish 
Notes will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear Sweden. 
Swedish Notes may not be exchanged for bearer Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
FORM OF THE S.O. BONDS 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable 
Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The S.O. Bonds of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached, or in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds and VPS S.O. Bonds, registered, uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form. 
BEARER S.O. BONDS 
Each Tranche of S.O. Bonds (other than Swedish S.O. Bonds and VPS S.O. Bonds) will be in bearer form and 
will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global S.O. Bond (a Temporary Global S.O. Bond) or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms a permanent Global S.O. Bond (a Permanent Global S.O. Bond and, 
together with the Temporary Global S.O. Bonds, the Global S.O. Bonds and each a Global S.O. Bond) which, 
in either case, will: 
(i)
if the Global S.O. Bonds are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg; and 
(ii)
if the Global S.O. Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any S.O. Bond is represented by a Temporary Global S.O. Bond, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the S.O. Bond due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global S.O. Bond if the Temporary Global S.O. Bond is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in such S.O. Bond are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global S.O. Bond is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global S.O. Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global S.O. Bond of the same Series or (ii) for Definitive S.O. Bonds 
of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive S.O. Bonds, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global S.O. Bond will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global S.O. Bond for an interest in a Permanent Global S.O. Bond or 
for Definitive S.O. Bonds is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global S.O. Bond will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global S.O. Bond if the Permanent Global S.O. Bond is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global S.O. Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for Definitive S.O. Bonds with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached 
upon either (a) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on 
the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global S.O. Bond) to the Agent as described therein 
or (b) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or 
(ii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the S.O. 
Bonds represented by the Permanent Global S.O. Bond in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds if an

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global S.O. Bond) may 
give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur 
not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all S.O. Bonds (other than a Temporary S.O. Bond) and interest coupons 
relating to such S.O. Bonds where the S.O. Bonds have an original maturity of more than one year and where 
TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on S.O. Bonds or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment of any gain on any 
sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such S.O. Bonds or interest coupons. 
S.O. Bonds which are represented by a Global S.O. Bond will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds"), the Agent shall 
arrange that, where a further Tranche of S.O. Bonds is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of S.O. Bonds at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the S.O. Bonds of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to S.O. Bonds of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated 
and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the S.O. Bonds of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Where any S.O. Bond is still represented by a Global S.O. Bond and the Global S.O. Bond (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such S.O. Bonds and payment in 
full of the amount due has not been made on the due date in accordance with the provisions of the Global S.O. 
Bond then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date holders of interests in such Global S.O. Bond credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of the Deed of Covenant. 
VPS S.O. BONDS 
Each Tranche of VPS S.O. Bonds will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
Legal title to the VPS S.O. Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the VPS. On the issue of 
such VPS S.O. Bonds, the Issuer will send a letter to the VPS Trustee, with copies to the Agent and the VPS Agent 
(the VPS Letter), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS S.O. Bonds in the form of a Final 
Terms attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter, including the relevant Final Terms, to the VPS 
and notification to the VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the account 
operator acting on behalf of the Issuer will credit each subscribing account holder with the VPS with a nominal 
amount of VPS S.O. Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS S.O. Bonds in the VPS will take place two Oslo 
business days after the relevant transaction. Transfer of interests in the relevant VPS S.O. Bonds will only take 
place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
VPS S.O. Bonds may not be exchanged for bearer S.O. Bonds and vice versa. 
SWEDISH S.O. BONDS
Each Tranche of Swedish S.O. Bonds will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om

--- Page 51 ---
51 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the SFIA Act). No global or 
definitive S.O Bonds will be issued in respect thereof. The holder of a Swedish S.O. Bonds will be the person 
evidenced as such by the book-entry system and register (the Euroclear Sweden Register) for such S.O. Bonds 
maintained by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer. Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the 
SFIA Act is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant Swedish S.O Bonds. 
Title to the Swedish S.O. Bonds will pass by way of registration in the Euroclear Sweden Register, perfected in 
accordance with the legislation (including the SFIA Act), rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by 
Euroclear Sweden that are in force and effect from time to time. On the issue of Swedish S.O. Bonds, the Issuer 
will send a copy of the applicable Final Terms to the Swedish Issuing Agent, with a copy sent to the Issue and 
Principal Paying Agent. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of the Swedish S.O. Bonds in Euroclear Sweden will take 
place in accordance with market practice at the time of the transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant 
Swedish S.O. Bonds will take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear 
Sweden. 
Swedish S.O. Bonds may not be exchanged for bearer S.O. Bonds and vice versa.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes or, as the case may 
be, S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme which are not Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The [Notes/S.O. Bonds] 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA) and the regulations made under the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Professional investors and ECPs only target market: Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, MiFID II)] [MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market:
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)] [MiFID II]; (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to eligible 
1
Delete legend if the Notes or S.O. Bonds do not constitute "packaged" products for the purposes of the EU PRIIPs Regulation, in which case, insert 
"Not Applicable" in paragraph 9 of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends 
to prohibit the Notes or S.O. Bonds being offered, sold or otherwise made available to European Economic Area retail investors. In this case, insert 
"Applicable" in paragraph 9 of Part B below. 
2
Delete legend if the Notes or S.O. Bonds do not constitute "packaged" products for the purposes of the UK PRIIPs Regulation, in which case, insert 
"Not Applicable" in paragraph 10 of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends 
to prohibit the Notes or S.O. Bonds being offered, sold or otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 
10 of Part B below.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] to retail clients are appropriate - [investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and] [ 
non-advised sales ] [and pure execution services], subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]  
[UK MiFIR Product Governance - Professional Investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of 
the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA)][EUWA] and the regulations made under the EUWA 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance - Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA)][EUWA], and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services], subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (a UK
distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.] 
[Date] 
Landshypotek Bank AB (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493004WUGGU2BQI7F14 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes/S.O. Bonds] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and S.O. Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Relevant Conditions set forth in 
the Offering Circular dated 7 May 2021 (the Offering Circular) [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to it 
dated [ ] [and [ ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. As used herein, EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular [as so supplemented] 
in order to obtain all relevant information. The Offering Circular [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been

--- Page 54 ---
54 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from 
the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London 
and Luxembourg.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Relevant Conditions set forth in 
the Offering Circular dated [29 May 2013 / 28 May 2014 / 28 May 2015 / 4 May 2016 / 19 May 2017 / 12 April 
2018 / 3 May 2019 / 4 May 2020 (and the supplement dated 27 November 2020)] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Offering Circular dated 7 May 2021 (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular [as supplemented by the supplement[s] to the Offering 
Circular dated [ ] [and [ ]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, including the Relevant Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular, in order to 
obtain all relevant information. As used herein, EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended). The Offering Circular [and the supplement[s]] [has] [have] been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer 
and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in 
which case the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Relevant Conditions: 
[Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out in the 
Offering Circular dated 7 May 2021 / Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes as set out in the Offering Circular dated 7 
May 2021  / Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds as set 
out in the Offering Circular dated 7 May 2021 / Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds as set out in the Offering 
Circular dated 7 May 2021] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global [Note/S.O. Bond] 
for interests in the Permanent Global [Note/S.O. Bond], as 
referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
- 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
- 
Series: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]] (if applicable) 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(N.B. Notes and S.O. Bonds must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent))

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(N.B. where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used, the following sample wording 
should be followed:
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes or S.O. 
Bonds in definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. N.B. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ] (specify)/Issue Date/Not Applicable 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes or S.O. Bonds, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes or Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
S.O. Bonds – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to
[specify month and year]] (N.B. In the case of Swedish Notes 
or Swedish S.O. Bonds, specify the exact date)
9. 
(a) 
Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
[If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified and the 
Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity 
Date, payment of the unpaid amount will be automatically 
deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided 
that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid 
by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. See [Condition 6(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds/Condition 6(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds]] (N.B. Only S.O. 
Bonds/VPS S.O. Bonds may be subject to Extended Final 
Maturity) 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] the Interest Commencement Date to [(but 
excluding)][(and including)] the Maturity Date:] 
[[ ] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
[[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/ 
specify other]] +/- [ ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15] [16] [17] [19] below) 
[In respect of the period from [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] the Maturity Date to [(but excluding)][(and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
including)] the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date on 
which the S.O. Bonds are redeemed in full and (ii) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date:] 
[1] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/specify other] +/- [ 
] per cent Floating Rate  
(see paragraph 18) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date) 
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [100] [ ] per cent of their nominal 
amount 
(N.B. In the case of Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes or 
S.O. Bonds other than Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds, redemption 
must be at 100 per cent of their nominal amount)
(N.B. In the case of Zero Coupon Notes or Zero Coupon 
S.O. Bonds, redemption must be at or above 100 per cent of 
their nominal amount)
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any change of Interest Basis occurs 
and/or cross-refer to paragraphs 15, 16 and/or 17 below 
and identify there] [Not Applicable]
13. 
Put/ Call Options: 
[Investor Put]1
[Issuer Call] 
[(see paragraph [20] [21] [22] [23] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
14. 
[(i)] 
[Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated]]2
If Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes include:
[Additional Amounts - Interest 
Only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[(ii)] 
Date 
Board 
approval 
of 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] obtained: 
[ ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes or S.O. 
Bonds) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15. 
Fixed Rate [Note/S.O. Bond] Provisions 
[Applicable [from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][and including] [ ]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(N.B.: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
1
Not applicable to issues of S.O. Bonds. 
2
Delete paragraph 14(i) in the case of an issue of S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as applicable] (N.B. In the case of Swedish Notes or 
Swedish S.O. Bonds, specify the exact dates)
[There will be a [long/short] [first/last] coupon in respect of 
the period from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)] [ ]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes and S.O. 
Bonds in definitive form) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes and S.O. 
Bonds in definitive form) 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount will be payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ] in respect of the period from 
[(and 
including)][(but 
excluding)] 
[ 
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)][(and including)]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(N.B. Only 30/360 can be applicable for Swedish Notes and 
Swedish S.O. Bonds)
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
16. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)] [ ]]/Not Applicable]1
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[ ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
[There will be a [long/short] [first/last] coupon in respect of 
the period from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount will be payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ] in respect of the period from 
[(and 
including)][(but 
excluding)] 
[ 
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)][(and including)]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
1
Not applicable to issues of S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
(N.B. Only 30/360 can be applicable for Swedish Notes and 
Swedish S.O. Bonds)
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(x) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum / [ ] 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(xiii) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[ ] 
(xiv) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(xv) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[ ] per cent per annum (quoted on [an annual/semi annual 
basis]) 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (VPS Notes which are Fixed Reset 
Notes require the appointment of a Calculation Agent. If not 
VPS Notes, insert Not Applicable) 
17. 
Floating 
Rate 
[Note/S.O. 
Bond] 
Provisions 
[Applicable [from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)] [ ]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] / [[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as applicable, subject [in each case] to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in 
paragraph 17(ii) below] 
(N.B. Specify the Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) up to and including the Maturity Date, if 
applicable) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(N.B. Only the Following Business Day Convention 
(unadjusted)/Modified Following Business Day Convention 
(adjusted) can be applicable for Swedish Notes and Swedish 
S.O. Bonds) 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (VPS Notes or S.O. Bonds require the 
appointment of a Calculation Agent) 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR specify 
other]
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ]1
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR or second day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR) 
(N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, if applicable) 
−  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] [New York Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
− 
Financial Centre Time: 
[ ] 
(11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, or 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR)) 
− 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 2
− 
D: 
[365/360/[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
−  
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
−  
Reset Date: 
[ ]  
(the first day of the relevant Interest Period, if the 
applicable Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
1
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Agent 
2
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select 
"Not Applicable"

--- Page 60 ---
60 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes/Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes or Condition 
4 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds/Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds for alternatives) 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds)
18. 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable from [(and including)][(but excluding)] the 
Maturity Date to [(but excluding)][(and including)] the 
earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date on which the S.O. 
Bonds are redeemed in full and (ii) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] / [[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as applicable, subject [in each case] to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in 
paragraph 18(ii) below] 
(N.B. Specify the Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, if applicable) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(N.B. Only the Following Business Day Convention 
(unadjusted)/Modified Following Business Day Convention 
(adjusted) can be applicable for Swedish Notes and Swedish 
S.O. Bonds)
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (VPS S.O. Bonds require the 
appointment of a Calculation Agent) 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
−  
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/ 
specify other] 
−  
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 1
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR or second day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR) 
(N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up to and 
including the Extended Final Maturity Date, if applicable) 
−  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] [New York Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
− 
Financial Centre Time: 
[ ] 
(11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR)) 
− 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 2
− 
D: 
[365/360/[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
−  
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[ ]  
(the first day of the relevant Interest Period, if the 
applicable Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR) 
1
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Agent 
2
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select 
"Not Applicable"

--- Page 62 ---
62 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. 
Bonds/Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds for 
alternatives) 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds)
19. 
Zero 
Coupon 
[Note/S.O. 
Bond] 
Provisions1
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(insert Amortised Face Amount 
for S.O. Bonds): 
[30/360]  
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ]/[Any date from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)]] 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
1
Zero Coupon Notes and Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds not to be issued with an Extended Final Maturity Date unless otherwise agreed with the Dealers.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[ ]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing systems' business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]1
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[ ]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing systems' business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Optional Redemption for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Redemption: 
[Applicable – MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Amount: [ ] per Calculation Amount (specify the amount 
payable on redemption for a MREL Disqualification 
Event)/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Tax Event Redemption: 
[Applicable - Tax Event Early Redemption Amount: [ ] per 
Calculation Amount (specify the amount payable on 
redemption for a Tax Event)/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Variation or Substitution instead 
of Redemption: 
[Applicable - Condition 7(l) applies/Not Applicable] 
23. 
Optional Redemption for Subordinated 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Capital Event Redemption: 
[Applicable - Capital Event Redemption Amount: [ ] per 
Calculation Amount (specify the amount payable on 
redemption for a Capital Event)/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Tax Event Redemption: 
[Applicable - Tax Event Early Redemption Amount: [ ] per 
Calculation Amount (specify the amount payable on 
redemption for a Tax Event)/Not Applicable] 
1
Select "Not Applicable" in the case of S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(iii) 
Variation or Substitution instead 
of Redemption: 
[Applicable - Condition 7(l) applies/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable [on 
redemption for taxation reasons or (delete 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes)] on event of 
default: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] (Insert 'Not 
Applicable' for S.O. Bonds) 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE [NOTES/S.O. BONDS] 
26. 
Form of [Notes/S.O. Bonds]: 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global [Note/S.O. Bond] exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global [Note/S.O. Bond] which is exchangeable 
for Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds] [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event].] 
[Temporary Global [Note/S.O. Bond] exchangeable for 
Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds] on and after the Exchange 
Date.] 
[Permanent Global [Note/S.O. Bond] exchangeable for 
Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds] [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event].] 
[[VPS [Notes/S.O. Bonds]] [Swedish [Notes/S.O. Bonds]] 
issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form.] 
(N.B. The exchange on 60 days' notice given at any time 
option above should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denominations of the Notes and S.O. Bonds in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note or Temporary Global S.O. Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes or S.O. Bonds) 
(b) 
New Global [Note/S.O. Bond] 
[Yes] [No] 
(If Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes or VPS 
S.O. Bonds, must be "No".) 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest to which sub-paragraphs 
17(iii) and 18(iii) relate) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds]: 
[Yes, as the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into

--- Page 65 ---
65 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made/ No.] [Not Applicable] 
(If Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes or VPS 
S.O. Bonds, must be "Not Applicable") 
Signed on behalf of Landshypotek Bank AB (publ): 
By: ………………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 66 ---
66 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [Nasdaq Stockholm AB (operated by 
Nasdaq Stockholm AB)] with effect from [ ].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [Nasdaq Stockholm (operated by 
Nasdaq Stockholm AB)] with effect from [ ].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[ ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The [Notes/S.O. Bonds] [have been] [are expected to 
be] assigned the following ratings] [The following 
ratings reflect the ratings assigned to [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
[ ] by [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited] (Include a 
brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if 
published)
[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] [is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended)/is established in the United Kingdom and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue 
of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018] [ ] (Include a 
brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if 
published). 
[Not Applicable] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/ Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[ ] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Offering Circular / 
Give Details] (See "Use of Proceeds" wording in 
Offering Circular – if reasons for offer differ from what 
is disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details here.)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
/ [Green bonds – [financing][re-financing] investments 
related 
to 
[sustainable 
forestry][renewable 
energy][green buildings][specify other]] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes/S.O. Bonds only) 
 
Indication of yield:
[Not Applicable] / [ ] per cent per annum 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norway VPS Identification 
number [ ]. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain 
information from the register maintained by the VPS 
for the purpose of performing its obligations under the 
VPS [Notes/S.O. Bonds]]  
[Euroclear Sweden, the Swedish Central Securities 
Depository (Euroclear Sweden identification number: 
[•]). The Swedish Issuing Agent shall be entitled to 
obtain information from the register maintained by 
Euroclear Sweden for the purpose of performing its 
obligations under the Swedish [Notes/S.O. Bonds]] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Names of Swedish Issuing Agent 
(if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes (If Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes 
or VPS S.O. Bonds, must be "No"). Note that the 
designation "yes" simply means that the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] are capable of meeting them the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such

--- Page 68 ---
68 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(N.B. TEFRA is not applicable for Swedish Notes and 
Swedish S.O. Bonds) 
8. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
9. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes or S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes or S.O. Bonds 
do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
10. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes or S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes or S.O. Bonds 
do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)
11. 
[BENCHMARKS: 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.]] / 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary].

--- Page 69 ---
69 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
FCA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of United 
Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and the regulations made under the EUWA, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made 
under the EUWA, as amended.]]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes/S.O. 
Bonds, whatever the denomination of those Notes or, as the case may be, S.O. Bonds, issued under the Programme. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS 
AMENDED) FOR THE ISSUE OF [NOTES/S.O. BONDS] DESCRIBED BELOW. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the EU Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS – The [Notes/S.O. Bonds] 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to, any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA) and the regulations made under the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and the regulations made under the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Professional investors and ECPs only target market: Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)] 
[MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market:
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] 
1
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes or S.O. Bonds do not constitute "packaged" products for the purposes of the EU PRIIPs Regulation, in which 
case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 7 of Part B below. Include legend if the offer of  the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products 
and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes or S.O. Bonds being offered, sold or otherwise made available to European Economic Area retail investors. 
In this case, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 7 of Part B below. 
2
Delete legend if the offer of the Notes or S.O. Bonds do not constitute "packaged" products for the purposes of the UK PRIIPs Regulation, in which 
case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 8 of Part B below. Include legend if the offer of the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products 
and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes or S.O. Bonds being offered, sold or otherwise made available to UK retail investors. In this case, insert 
"Applicable" in paragraph 8 of Part B below.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)] [MiFID II]; (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] to retail clients are appropriate - [investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and] 
[non-advised sales] [and pure execution services], subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable.]  
[UK MiFIR Product Governance - Professional Investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of 
the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA)][EUWA] and the regulations made under the EUWA 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance - Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA)][EUWA], and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services], subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (a UK
distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.] 
[Date] 
LANDSHYPOTEK BANK AB (publ) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5493004WUGGU2BQI7F14 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes/S.O. Bonds] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note and S.O. Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) (the EU Prospectus Regulation) or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] described herein. This document 
must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 7 May 2021 (the Offering Circular) [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] to it dated [ ] [and [ ]]]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering 
Circular [as so supplemented]. Copies of the Offering Circular [and the supplement[s]] may be obtained from the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London 
and Luxembourg. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Relevant Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [original date] which are incorporated by reference in the 
Offering Circular]1. Any reference in the Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to this Pricing Supplement, where relevant. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1. 
Relevant Conditions: 
[Terms and Conditions of the Notes as set out in Part 1 of 
the Offering Circular dated 7 May 2021 / Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes as set out in the Offering 
Circular dated 7 May 2021 / Terms and Conditions of the 
S.O. Bonds as set out in Part 2 of the Offering Circular dated 
7 May 2021 / Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds 
as set out in the Offering Circular dated 7 May 2021] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Date on which the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[The [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global [Note/S.O. Bond] 
for interests in the Permanent Global [Note/S.O. Bond], as 
referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [ ]] [Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
- 
Tranche: 
[ ] 
- 
Series: 
[ ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date]] (if applicable) 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. N.B. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[ ] 
1
Only include this wording where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[ ] (specify)/Issue Date/Not Applicable 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes or S.O. Bonds, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes or Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes or Floating Rate 
S.O. Bonds – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to
[specify month and year]] (N.B. In the case of Swedish Notes 
or Swedish S.O. Bonds, specify the exact date)
9. 
(a) 
Extended Final Maturity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
[If an Extended Final Maturity Date is specified and the 
Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Maturity 
Date, payment of the unpaid amount will be automatically 
deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided 
that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount 
due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid 
by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring 
thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. See [Condition 6(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds/Condition 6(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds]] (N.B. Only S.O. 
Bonds/VPS S.O. Bonds may be subject to Extended Final 
Maturity) 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] the Interest Commencement Date to [(but 
excluding)][(and including)] the Maturity Date:] 
[[ ] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
[[[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/ 
specify other]] +/- [ ] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [15] [16] [17] [19] below) 
[In respect of the period from [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] the Maturity Date to [(but excluding)][(and 
including)] the earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date on 
which the S.O. Bonds are redeemed in full and (ii) the 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[1] month [EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/ specify other] +/- 
[ ] per cent Floating Rate  
(see paragraph 18) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
11. 
Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [100] [ ] per cent of their nominal 
amount

--- Page 74 ---
74 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any change of Interest Basis occurs 
and/or cross-refer to paragraphs 15, 16 and/or 17 below 
and identify there] [Not Applicable]
13. 
Put/ Call Options: 
[Investor Put]1
[Issuer Call] 
[(see paragraph [20] [21] [22] [23] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
14. 
[(i)] 
[Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated]]2
If Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes include:
[Additional Amounts - Interest 
Only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[(ii)] 
Date 
Board 
approval 
of 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] obtained: 
[ ] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Notes or S.O. 
Bonds) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15. 
Fixed Rate [Note/S.O. Bond] Provisions 
[Applicable [from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)] [ ]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as applicable] (N.B. In the case of Swedish Notes or 
Swedish S.O. Bonds, specify the exact dates)
[There will be a [long/short] [first/last] coupon in respect of 
the period from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes and S.O. 
Bonds in definitive form) 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes and S.O. 
Bonds in definitive form) 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount will be payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ] in respect of the period from 
[(and 
including)][(but 
excluding)] 
[ 
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)][(and including)]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/specify other] 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds)
1
Not applicable to issues of S.O. Bonds. 
2
Delete paragraph 14(i) in the case of an issue of S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)). In such a case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
(vii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Rate [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds]: 
[None/give details] 
16. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable [from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
(but excluding) [ ]]/Not Applicable]1
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[ ] per cent per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date 
[There will be a [long/short] [first/last] coupon in respect of 
the period from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)]] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount will be payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on [ ] in respect of the period from 
[(and 
including)][(but 
excluding)] 
[ 
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)][(and including)]] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[specify other]] 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds)
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[ ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(x) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Subsequent Reset Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum / [ ] 
(xii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(xiii) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[ ] 
1
Not applicable to issues of S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(xiv) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[ ] 
(xv) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[ ] per cent per annum (quoted on [an annual/semi annual 
basis]) 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (VPS Notes which are Fixed Reset 
Notes require the appointment of a Calculation Agent. If not 
VPS Notes, insert Not Applicable) 
(xvii) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest 
for Fixed Reset Notes: 
[None/give details] 
17. 
Floating 
Rate 
[Note/S.O. 
Bond] 
Provisions 
[Applicable [from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)] [ ]]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] / [[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as applicable, subject [in each case] to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in 
paragraph 17(ii) below] 
(N.B. Specify the Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) up to and including the Maturity Date, if 
applicable) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other] 
(N.B. Only the Following Business Day Convention 
(unadjusted)/Modified Following Business Day Convention 
(adjusted) can be applicable for Swedish Notes and Swedish 
S.O. Bonds)
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/ specify 
other] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (VPS Notes or S.O. Bonds require the 
appointment of a Calculation Agent) 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/ 
specify other]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
− 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ]1
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR or second day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR) 
(N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up to and 
including the Maturity Date, if applicable) 
−  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] [New York Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
− 
Financial Centre Time: 
[ ] 
(11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR)) 
−  
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
−  
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
−  
Observation Lock-back 
Period: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable]2
−  
D: 
[365/360/[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
−  
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
−  
Reset Date: 
[ ]  
(the first day of the relevant Interest Period, if the 
applicable Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
1
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, without the prior 
agreement of the Agent 
2
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not 
Applicable".

--- Page 78 ---
78 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(See Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes/Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes or Condition 
4 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds/Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds for alternatives) 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds)
(xiii) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate [Notes/S.O. Bonds], if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[None/give details] 
18. 
Extended 
Final 
Maturity 
Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable from [(and including)][(but excluding)] the 
Maturity Date to [(but excluding)][(and including)] the 
earlier of (i) the Interest Payment Date on which the S.O. 
Bonds are redeemed in full and (ii) the Extended Final 
Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] / [[ ] [and [ ]] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as applicable, subject [in each case] to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in 
paragraph 18(ii) below] 
(N.B. Specify the Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) up to and including the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, if applicable) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/specify 
other] 
(N.B. Only the Following Business Day Convention 
(unadjusted)/Modified Following Business Day Convention 
(adjusted) can be applicable for Swedish Notes and Swedish 
S.O. Bonds)
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/specify 
other]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] (VPS S.O. Bonds require the 
appointment of a Calculation Agent) 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
−  
Reference Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/ 
specify other] 
−  
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ]  
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, second day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
STIBOR or second day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR) 
(N.B. Specify the Interest Determination Date(s) up to and 
including the Extended Final Maturity Date, if applicable) 
−  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] [New York Federal Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website] 
− 
Financial Centre Time: 
[ ] 
(11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR)) 
− 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
− 
Observation Look-back 
Period: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 1
− 
D: 
[365/360/[ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
− 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
−  
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
− 
Reset Date: 
[ ]  
(the first day of the relevant Interest Period, if the 
applicable Floating Rate Option is based on EURIBOR) 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
1
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination Date. 
"Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select 
"Not Applicable"

--- Page 80 ---
80 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [ ] per cent per annum 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(See Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. 
Bonds/Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds for 
alternatives) 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds) 
(xiii) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate S.O. Bonds, if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[None/give details] 
19. 
Zero 
Coupon 
[Note/S.O. 
Bond] 
Provisions1
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
[Early 
Redemption 
Amount] 
[Amortised 
Face 
Amount] 
(insert Amortised Face Amount 
for S.O. Bonds): 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
(N.B. Only Actual/360 and 30/360 can be applicable for 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds) 
(iv) 
Any 
other formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero 
Coupon 
[Notes/S.O. 
Bonds]: 
[None/give details] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ]/[Any date from [(and including)][(but excluding)] [ ] to 
[(but excluding)][(and including)]] 
1
Zero Coupon Notes and Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds not to be issued with an Extended Final Maturity Date unless otherwise agreed with the Dealers.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(NB: In the case of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
each period will commence on (but excluding) the relevant 
date to (and including) the relevant date)
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
[ ]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing systems' business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]1
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
[ ]  
(N.B. When setting notice periods the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing systems' business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
22. 
Optional Redemption for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
Redemption: 
[Applicable – MREL Disqualification Event Redemption 
Amount: [ ] per Calculation Amount (specify the amount 
payable on redemption for a MREL Disqualification 
Event)/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Tax Event Redemption: 
[Applicable - Tax Event Early Redemption Amount: [ ] per 
Calculation Amount (specify the amount payable on 
redemption for a Tax Event)/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Variation or Substitution instead 
of Redemption: 
[Applicable - Condition 7(l) applies/Not Applicable] 
1
Select "Not Applicable" in the case of S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
23. 
Optional Redemption for Subordinated 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Capital Event Redemption: 
[Applicable - Capital Event Redemption Amount: [[ ] per 
Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] (specify 
the amount payable on redemption for a Capital Event)/Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Tax Event Redemption: 
[Applicable - Tax Event Early Redemption Amount: [[ ] per 
Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] (specify 
the amount payable on redemption for a Tax Event)/Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
Variation or Substitution instead 
of Redemption: 
[Applicable - Condition 7(l) applies/Not Applicable] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see Appendix] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable [on 
redemption for taxation reasons or (delete 
in the case of Subordinated Notes)] on 
event of default and/or the method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[[ 
] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see 
Appendix/Not Applicable] (Insert 'Not Applicable' for S.O. 
Bonds) 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent of the 
nominal value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE [NOTES/S.O. BONDS] 
26. 
Form of [Notes/S.O. Bonds]: 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global [Note/S.O. Bond] exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global [Note/S.O. Bond] which is exchangeable 
for Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds] [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event].] 
[Temporary Global [Note/S.O. Bond] exchangeable for 
Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds] on and after the Exchange 
Date.] 
[Permanent Global [Note/S.O. Bond] exchangeable for 
Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds] [on 60 days' notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event].] 
[[[VPS [Notes/S.O. Bonds]] [Swedish [Note/S.O. Bonds]] 
issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form.] 
(N.B. The exchange on 60 days' notice given at any time 
option above should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denominations of the Notes and S.O. Bonds in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]." 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is 
not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Note or Temporary Global S.O. Bond exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes or S.O. Bonds) 
(b) 
New Global [Note/S.O. Bond] 
[Yes] [No] 
(If Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes or VPS 
S.O. Bonds, must be "No".) 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not the end dates of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest to which sub-paragraphs 
17(iii) and 18(iii) relate) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive [Notes/S.O. Bonds]: 
[Yes, as the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made/ No.] [Not Applicable] 
(If Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes or VPS 
S.O. Bonds, must be "Not Applicable") 
29. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Signed on behalf of Landshypotek Bank AB (publ): 
By: 
…………………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
84 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] to be listed on [specify market – note this must 
not be an EEA regulated market] with effect from [ ].] 
[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:
[The [Notes/S.O. Bonds] [have been] [are expected to 
be] assigned the following ratings] [The following 
ratings reflect the ratings assigned to [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
[ ] by [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited] 
[Not Applicable] 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS
Reasons for the offer:
[Green bonds – [financing][re-financing] investments 
related 
to 
[sustainable 
forestry][renewable 
energy][green 
buildings][specify 
other]] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[ ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norway VPS Identification 
number [ ]. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain 
information from the register maintained by the VPS 
for the purpose of performing its obligations under the 
VPS [Notes/S.O. Bonds]] 
[Euroclear Sweden, the Swedish Central Securities 
Depository (Euroclear Sweden identification number: 
[•]). The Swedish Issuing Agent shall be entitled to 
obtain information from the register maintained by 
Euroclear Sweden for the purpose of performing its 
obligations under the Swedish [Notes/S.O. Bonds]] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Names of Swedish Issuing Agent (if 
any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes (If Swedish Notes, Swedish S.O. Bonds, VPS Notes 
or VPS S.O. Bonds, must be "No"). Note that the 
designation "yes" simply means that the [Notes/S.O. 
Bonds] are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will be

--- Page 85 ---
85 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] are capable of meeting them the 
[Notes/S.O. Bonds] may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the [Notes/S.O. Bonds] will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:  
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; 
[TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(N.B. TEFRA is not applicable for Swedish Notes and 
Swedish S.O. Bonds) 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
6. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
7. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes or S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes or S.O. Bonds 
do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
8. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes or S.O. Bonds clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes or S.O. Bonds 
do constitute "packaged" products and a key information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes or S.O. Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
[BENCHMARKS: 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended.]] / 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
FCA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of United 
Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
and the regulations made under the EUWA, as 
amended]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made 
under the EUWA, as amended.]]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following 
Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or in each case the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed 
upon, or attached to, each Global Note and Definitive Note.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Landshypotek Bank AB (publ) (the Issuer) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
Notes may be in bearer form (the Bearer Notes) or in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form.  
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii)
any Global Note;  
(iii)
any Notes in definitive form (Definitive Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note; and  
(iv)
any registered, uncertificated and dematerialised Notes in book-entry form registered in the Swedish 
Central Securities Depositary and Clearing Organisation Euroclear Sweden AB, incorporated in Sweden 
with registered number 556112-8074 (Swedish Notes and Euroclear Sweden respectively). 
The Notes (other than the Swedish Notes, save to the extent provided herein) and the Coupons (as defined below) 
have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 7 May 2021 and made between the Issuer, Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression 
shall include any successor agent), and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
For any Series of Swedish Notes, the Issuer will, prior to the Issue Date of such Series, appoint an issuing agent 
(administrerande institut), specifically authorised by Euroclear Sweden to process and register issues in Euroclear 
Sweden, in connection with such Series of Swedish Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Swedish 
Issuing Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor issuing agent). The Issuer will 
furthermore enter into documentation with the Euroclear Sweden applicable to a relevant issue of Swedish Notes, 
which will set out the terms and conditions for admitting such Swedish Notes to the Swedish clearing and 
settlement system maintained by Euroclear Sweden (each such agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, a Euroclear Sweden Agreement). 
Interest bearing Definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached 
on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to 
include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions or, if this Note is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt 
Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of a pricing supplement relating to 
this Note (the Pricing Supplement) and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the applicable Final Terms are, except in the case of a 
Swedish Note, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this 
Note. In the case of a Swedish Note, reference herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) prepared by the Issuer in relation to the Swedish Notes. If this Note is 
an Exempt Note, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The expression EU Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended).  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, 
in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note and any Swedish Notes, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (i) 
are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and conditions or terms and 
conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders (other than holders of Swedish Notes) and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the 
Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the Deed of Covenant) dated 7 May 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held 
by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement 
will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Terms and Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form or, in the case of Swedish Notes, in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the SFIA Act) and, in the case of 
Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may 
not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Notes (other than Swedish Notes) may not be 
exchanged for Swedish Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may be a Senior Preferred Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references 
to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the Paying 
Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon

--- Page 89 ---
89 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note 
and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Title to the Swedish Notes shall pass by registration in the book-entry system and register maintained by Euroclear 
Sweden (the Euroclear Sweden Register). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required 
by law, the holder of any Swedish Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. In these Conditions in relation to Swedish Notes only, Noteholder
or holder of Swedish Notes means, as the context requires, the person in whose name a Swedish Note is registered 
in the Euroclear Sweden Register and shall also include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) 
and registered as a holder of the Swedish Notes. Where a nominee (förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act 
is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer and the Swedish Issuing Agent as the holder of the relevant 
Swedish Notes.  
One or more Swedish Notes may be transferred in accordance with the regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden from time to time (the Euroclear Sweden Rules). No holder of 
Swedish Notes may require the transfer of a Swedish Note to be registered during a period which is the equivalent 
of any such closed period (if any) pursuant to the then applicable rules and procedures of Euroclear Sweden. 
Exchange and transfer of Swedish Notes on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of a call or a put 
option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Swedish Issuing Agent, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Swedish Issuing Agent may require).  
Swedish Notes registered in Euroclear Sweden are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on 
free negotiability under Swedish law.  
No physical Swedish Notes or certificates will be issued in respect of the Swedish Notes and the provisions in 
these Conditions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical Swedish Notes or certificates 
shall not apply to the Swedish Notes. 
2.
Status of the Notes 
(a)
Status – Senior Preferred Notes 
(i)
This Condition 2(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes and references to Notes and Coupons in this Condition 2(a) shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(ii)
Senior Preferred Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations and Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities, if any) of 
the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(iii)
No Noteholder who in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Senior 
Preferred Notes held by such Noteholder. 
(b)
Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i)
This Condition 2(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to Notes and Coupons in this Condition 2(b) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii)
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and any relative Coupons, constitute unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations, with Senior Non-Preferred Ranking, of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights of the 
Noteholders to payments on or in respect of such Notes shall rank: 
(A)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(B)
pari passu with the rights of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer; 
(C)
senior to the rights of holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, including any 
subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or any subordinated 
obligation of the Issuer which constitutes an Additional Tier 1 Instrument, which by law 
rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities 
of the Issuer; 
(D)
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference shares 
(if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as such holders; and  
(E)
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (x) depositors of the Issuer, 
and (y) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes) that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Issuer. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further notes and other obligations in the future, which may 
rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(iii)
No Noteholder who in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes held by such Noteholder. 
(c)
Status – Subordinated Notes 
(i)
This Condition 2(c) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Subordinated Notes and references to Notes and Coupons in this Condition 2(c) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(ii)
Subordinated Notes, and any relative Coupons, constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy 
(konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect of such Notes 
shall rank: 
(A)
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(B)
at least pari passu with the rights of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, 
or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 
Capital; 
(C)
senior to the rights of holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes 
an Additional Tier 1 Instrument;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(D)
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference shares 
(if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as such holders; and 
(E)
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (x) depositors of the Issuer, 
(y) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (z) subordinated creditors of the Issuer 
whose rights are expressed to rank in priority to the holders of the Notes. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further subordinated notes and other subordinated obligations 
in the future, which may rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. 
(iii)
No Noteholder who in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes held by such Noteholder. 
As used herein: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (Primärkapital) as defined in Part 2 Chapter 
3 of the CRR or in any other Capital Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced; 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means (i) any instruments of the Issuer that at the time of issuance comply 
with the then current requirements under Capital Regulations in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital, and 
(ii) any instrument, security or other obligation of the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, on a 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, pari passu with 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments; 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations 
then applicable to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD, the Swedish Resolution Act 
(lag (2015:1016) om resolution) and the Swedish National Debt Office Regulations RKGFS 2015:2 and 
2016:1 (Riksgäldskontorets föreskrifter RKGFS 2015:2 och 2016:1) (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be); 
BRRD means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15th May, 2014 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Swedish 
law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Capital Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD IV, and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy adopted by the Competent Authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer or to the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation;
Competent Authority means, in relation to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as 
the case may be (i) (in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Swedish National Debt Office 
(Riksgäldskontoret) (in its capacity as resolution authority) or any successor or replacement thereto 
and/or such other authority which has the primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be, under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations and (ii) (in respect of the Subordinated Notes) the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such other 
authority which has the primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer 
or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as applicable, under the Capital Regulations;
CRD IV means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR 
and/or any CRD IV Implementing Measures;

--- Page 92 ---
92 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation and 
which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations or requirements) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive 
or the CRR, including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any regulatory technical 
standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Competent Authority, as the case 
may be; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Landshypotek Consolidated Situation means the Parent, the Issuer, the Issuer's Subsidiaries and any 
other entities which are part of the Swedish prudential consolidated situation (as such term is used in the 
Capital Regulations) of which the Issuer is a part, from time to time; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (howsoever called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be, under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
applicable to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be; 
Parent means Landshypotek Ekonomisk Förening (Reg. No. 769600-5003); 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means liabilities and obligations having Senior Non-Preferred 
Ranking; 
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking set out in the second sentence of the first paragraph 
of Section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (18 § första stycket andra meningen 
förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)) for claims attributable to such debt instruments as are referred to in 
Chapter 21, Section 15, paragraph 3 b of the Swedish Resolution Act (21 kap. 15 § 3 b lagen (2015:1016) 
om resolution), as such legislative references may be amended or replaced from time to time; and 
a Subsidiary of a company or corporation shall be construed as a reference to any company or 
corporation: 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; 
(b) 
more than half the equity or issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or 
(c) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or corporation; and 
and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if that 
other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of 
directors or equivalent body. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(c), Tier 2 Capital means any instrument or security of the Issuer 
which is recognised as Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) (as defined in Part 2 Chapter 4 of the CRR 
or in any other Capital Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced) of the Issuer, at the time of its 
issue, by the Competent Authority. 
3.
This Condition 3 has been left blank intentionally

--- Page 93 ---
93 
4.
This Condition 4 has been left blank intentionally 
5.
Interest 
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date provided that in the case of each Fixed Rate Note which is a Swedish Note, 
such Swedish Note shall bear interest from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note;  
(B)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; or 
(C)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Swedish Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of the Fixed Rate Note; 
and, in each case multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a): 
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
(or, in the case of Swedish Notes, from (but excluding)) the most recent Interest Payment 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) (or, in the case of 
Swedish Notes, to (and including)) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal 
to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(ii)
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, from (but excluding)) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) (or, in the case 
of Swedish Notes, to (and including)) the relevant payment date (such number of days being 
calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Determination Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date (or, in the case of 
Swedish Notes, from (but excluding) a Determination Date) to but excluding the next Determination 
Date (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, to (and including) the next Determination Date); 
Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, from (but excluding) an Interest Payment Date 
(or the Interest Commencement Date)) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date (or, in 
the case of Swedish Notes, to (and including) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date);  
Interest Commencement Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset Note 
which is a Swedish Note, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset Note which is a Swedish Note, 
to (and including) the First Reset Date) at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii)
from (and including) the First Reset Date (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset Note which is a 
Swedish Note, from (but excluding) the First Reset Date) to (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if none, the Maturity Date (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset Note which is a Swedish 
Note, to (and including) the Second Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date) (the First Reset 
Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; and 
(iii)
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset 
Note which is a Swedish Note, from (but excluding) the Second Reset Date) to (but excluding) 
the first Subsequent Reset Date (if any) (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset Note which is a 
Swedish Note, to (and including) the first Subsequent Reset Date (if any)), and each successive 
period from (and including) any Subsequent Reset Date (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset Note 
which is a Swedish Note, from (but excluding) any Subsequent Reset Date) to (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) (or, in the case of each Fixed Reset Note which 
is a Swedish Note, to (and including) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any)) (each 
a Subsequent Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to (and including) the Maturity Date (or in the case of each Fixed Reset Note which is a Swedish Note, 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date). 
The provisions of Condition 5(c)(vi) shall apply to the Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, in respect of any 
determination by the Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were 
Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall otherwise be determined by the 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5(b). 
Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 5(a) shall apply 
to the Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Business Day has the meaning specified in Condition 5(c)(i); 
First Reset Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Margin has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;
First Reset Rate means the sum of the First Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset 
Period; 
Initial Interest Rate has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms;
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset Date, 
the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-
annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be converted to a quarterly 
rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate for the Reset Period; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market for swap transactions in the 
Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer or its duly 
appointed agent; 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other equivalent 
information service as determined by the Agent, for the purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for 
swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date or any Subsequent Reset Date, as the case 
may be; 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date; 
Reset Margin means the First Reset Margin or any Subsequent Reset Margin, as the case may be; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a term 
equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to 
the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
(b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the 
Floating Leg Screen Page; 
Reset Rate means the First Reset Rate or any Subsequent Reset Rate, as the case may be;
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations

--- Page 96 ---
96 
provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date. The Agent (or, if the Agent is unable to make such 
request, the Issuer or its duly appointed agent) will request the principal office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations are provided, the rate for the Reset 
Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If 
only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one 
quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate 
will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap 
Rate; 
Second Reset Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date(s) has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Margin(s) has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate 
for the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (or, 
in the case of each Floating Rate Note which is a Swedish Note, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date) and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an Interest Payment Date) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date
provided that in the case of each Floating Rate Note which is a Swedish Note, such expression 
shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (but excluding) an Interest Payment 
Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date) to (and including) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(ii)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being any of 
EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Financial Centre Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR 
(1)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR: 
(a)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 5(c)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(b)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 5(c)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(2)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(a)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of

--- Page 99 ---
99 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(b)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark Replacement), in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so 
long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or the Agency Agreement are required in order for the 
Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in order to determine the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to act until such 
amendments or modifications have been made in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement. No consent of the Noteholders 
shall be required in connection with effecting any amendment or modification in 
accordance with the foregoing, including for the execution of any documents or the 
taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement (if 
required). 
(3)
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(4)
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(5)
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(ii): 
Applicable Period means:  
(A)   where Lag or Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and  
(B)   where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Business Day or BD means (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; (ii) where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be 
closed other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the 
period from (and including) the date falling z London Banking Days prior to (but

--- Page 100 ---
100 
excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date in relation to such Interest 
Period; and (iii) where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) 
(in the case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the 
website of the 
European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., 
(Central European Time) on the euro Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date (such period not to be less than five Business Days without the Calculation 
Agent’s prior written agreement); 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni, for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following 
Business Day; 
New York Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling p Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling

--- Page 101 ---
101 
p Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
p means, for any Interest Period:  
(A)  where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that p shall not be less 
than three Business Days at any time and shall not be less than z London 
Banking Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent 
(or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(B)  where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; 
(C)  where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that p shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall 
not be less than z London Banking Days without the prior written agreement 
of the Calculation Agent (or if no such number is specified, five Business 
Days); 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than 
any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
r means: 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the Reference Rate in 
respect of such Business Day; or 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; and in respect of any Business Day i falling during the 
Lock-out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the 
Lock-out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and 
shall not be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business 
Days prior to each Interest Payment Date), the Reference Rate in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding the last Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Business Day coinciding with the relevant 
Interest Determination Date);  
ri means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for: 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling p Business Days prior to the relevant Business 
Day i; or 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Business Day i; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. 
(New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day;

--- Page 102 ---
102 
SONIA means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;  
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities;  
Weighted Average Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during such 
Interest Period (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) (in the 
case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards:  
[∑(𝑟𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝐷
𝑑
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
where: 
Business Day, BD, D, d, do, i, n and p have the meanings given to them in the 
provision relating to Compounded Daily Reference Rate specified above; 
ri means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A)  where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day falling p Business Days 
prior to such day i; 
(B) where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A) 
above, except that in respect of each Business Day i falling during the Lock-
out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the Lock-
out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall not 
be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A) above in respect 
of the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); and

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(C) where in the applicable Final Terms Shift is specified as the Observation 
Method in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Reference Rate in respect of that day i; and 
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
(iii)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note;  
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; or 
(C)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Swedish Notes, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Notes; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c): 
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii)
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii)
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(iv)
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v)
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi)
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii)
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall instruct the Principal Paying Agent to 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to it. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Swedish Issuing Agent (in the 
case of Swedish Notes) and any stock exchange on which the Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. 
(vii)
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(c), by 
the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Swedish Issuing Agent and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non- exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d)
Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), the following provisions shall apply: 
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (in consultation with the Issuer) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than five 
Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
provisions of this Condition 5(d)); 
(ii)
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page 
of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii)
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, 
or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be 
the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page 
of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if 
this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the date falling not less than five 
Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to such 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) shall be equal to the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period published 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination Date 
(as applicable) (though substituting, where a different First Reset Margin, Subsequent Reset 
Margin or Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the First Margin, 
Subsequent Margin or Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); 
(iv)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant 
Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent provisions of this Condition 5(d));  
(v)
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also specify changes to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the 
Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent provisions of this Condition 5(d)); and 
(vii)
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d), if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5(d), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
Such benchmark replacement shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities unless such party 
consents. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d), no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the 
Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or the relevant Series 
of Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the 
case may be.  
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of such Notes will be made to this 
Condition 5(d), if an to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in the Competent Authority under the Applicable MREL Regulations treating a future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines should be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of 
the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or 
the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or option 
provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
with the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i)
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has ceased to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered;  
(ii)
public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that it will cease publishing such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate);  
(iii)
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; 
or 
(v)
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and  
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines is a successor to or replacement of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body Independent Adviser. 
(e)
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, the permission of the Competent Authority for payment of principal (if required) 
has not been given or, having been given, has been withdrawn and not replaced and such payment is not 
made. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(2)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
6.
Payments 
(a)
Method of payment  
Subject as provided below: 
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Notes or Coupons for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(b)
Presentation of Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall 
for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from 
the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued 
in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Fixed Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than 
the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
Definitive Note. 
(c)
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note either by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
(d)
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e)
Payments in respect of Swedish Notes 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Swedish Notes shall be made to the Noteholders 
which are registered in the Euroclear Sweden Register as such on the fifth business day (as defined by 
the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules) before the due date for such payment, such day being a 
Stockholm Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as then may be 
stipulated in Euroclear Sweden Rules and will be made in accordance with the Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
Such day shall be the Record Date in respect of the Swedish Notes in accordance with the Euroclear 
Sweden Rules. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Stockholm Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in Stockholm. 
(f)
Payment Day

--- Page 111 ---
111 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B)
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(g)
Interpretation of principal and interest  
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(ii)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv)
the Tax Event Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(v)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(vi)
the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(vii)
the Capital Event Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(viii)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7(e)); and 
(ix)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect 
of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be 
payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7.
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at (i) if the Notes are not Zero Coupon Notes, 100 per cent of its nominal amount, or (ii) if 
the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons 
If Tax Event Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may, 
subject as provided in Condition 7(k), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption and (in respect of Swedish Notes) shall further specify the applicable closed 
period)), if a Tax Event occurs.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Tax Event means, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Tax 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Notes, on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8, provided that
the Issuer satisfies the Competent Authority that such change in tax treatment of the Notes is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and provided 
further that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two duly 
authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting 
forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Tax Event Early Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with interest accrued (in the case of Notes 
other than Swedish Notes) to (but excluding) the date of redemption and (in the case of Swedish Notes) 
to (and including) the date of redemption.
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject as 
provided in Condition 7(k), having given: 
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14; and 
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and (in respect of 
Swedish Notes) shall further specify the applicable closed period), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Notes) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date and (in the case of Swedish Notes) to (and including) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
or not more than a Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, (ii) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and (iii) in the 
case of Redeemed Notes which are Swedish Notes, in accordance with the Euroclear Sweden Rules (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear Sweden as a reduction in nominal amount), in each case not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
Definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(d)
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7(d) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as Senior 
Preferred Notes and references to Notes in this Condition 7(d) shall be construed accordingly. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified

--- Page 113 ---
113 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued (in the case of Notes other than 
Swedish Notes) to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date and (in the case of Swedish Notes) to 
(and including) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the 
notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable during normal business hours of such Paying Agent from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to 
be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by 
this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery 
of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, 
as the case may be for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
If this Note is a Swedish Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holders of this 
Swedish Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Swedish Issuing Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the Euroclear Sweden Rules. In the case of such Swedish Notes, a Put Notice will not 
take effect against the Issuer before the date of which the relevant Swedish Notes have been transferred 
to the account designated by the Swedish Issuing Agent and blocked for further transfer by such Swedish 
Issuing Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period). 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10. 
(e)
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph 7(b) above and Condition 10: 
(i)
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an Early Redemption Amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1+AY)x where:  
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
x is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date (or, in the 
case of Swedish Notes, from (but excluding) the Issue Date) of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable) and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will 
be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date (or in the case of 
Swedish Notes, from (but excluding) the Issue Date) of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but

--- Page 114 ---
114 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, to (and including) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable) 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, 
from (but excluding) the Issue Date) of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable (or, in the case of Swedish Notes, to (and including) the date fixed for redemption or 
(as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable) and the 
denominator will be 365). 
(f)
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may, subject  as provided in Condition 7(k), at any time 
purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All Notes so 
purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(g)
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (f) above (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(h)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(ii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(i)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer in case of an MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 7(i) applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of which MREL Disqualification Event 
Redemption applies. 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the occurrence of 
the relevant MREL Disqualification Event, at its option, but subject as provided in Condition 7(k), give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption and (in respect of Swedish Notes) shall further specify the 
applicable closed period)) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant 
Series shall be redeemed: 
(i) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (A) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (B) if there is no Interest 
Payment Date falling within (A) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry 
of 60 days from the date of such notice,

--- Page 115 ---
115 
in each case, at the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Notes) to 
(but excluding) and (in the case of Swedish Notes) to (and including) the date of redemption. Upon the 
expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
MREL Disqualification Event means, at any time, a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes 
pursuant to the Applicable MREL Regulations that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion 
in whole or in part from the MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer and/or the Landshypotek 
Consolidated Situation, provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if such exclusion 
is or will be caused by (A) the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed 
by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (B) any applicable 
limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted or allowed 
to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(j)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer in case of a Capital Event 
This Condition 7(j) applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes in respect of which Capital Event Redemption applies. 
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the occurrence of the relevant Capital 
Event, at its option, but subject as provided in Condition 7(k), give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption and (in respect of Swedish Notes) shall further specify the applicable closed period)) that all 
(but not some only) of the outstanding Notes comprising the relevant Series shall be redeemed: 
(i) 
in the case of all Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) if there is no Interest 
Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry 
of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at the Capital Event Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together 
with accrued interest (in the case of Notes other than Swedish Notes) to (but excluding) and (in the case 
of Swedish Notes) to (and including) the date fixed for redemption. Upon the expiry of such notice, the 
Issuer shall redeem the Notes. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Capital Event means, at any time, a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes pursuant to the 
Capital Regulations that results, or would be likely to result, in: 
(i)
their exclusion in whole or in part from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Landshypotek Consolidated Situation; or 
(ii)
reclassification in whole or in part as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or 
the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, 
in each case, provided that (A) the Competent Authority considers such change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes to be sufficiently certain, and (B) the Issuer satisfies the Competent Authority 
that such change in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes. 
(k)
Redemption and Purchase only with Prior Approval 
No early redemption or purchase of Notes as contemplated by this Condition 7 may be made without the 
prior consent of the Competent Authority (if such permission is then required (in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) by the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in the case of 
Subordinated Notes) by the Capital Regulations).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(l)
Variation or Substitution instead of Redemption 
This Condition 7(l) is applicable only where it is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs (if Capital Event Redemption is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Subordinated Notes) or an MREL Disqualification Event occurs 
(if MREL Disqualification Event Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in relation to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or a Tax Event occurs (if Tax Event Redemption is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), then the Issuer may, subject to the approval 
of the Competent Authority, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and (in 
respect of Swedish Notes) shall further specify the applicable closed period)), at any time either substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities (as defined below), provided that such variation or 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities 
that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Qualifying Securities means the Subordinated Qualifying Securities and/or the Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as applicable); 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities means, for the purpose of this Condition 7(l), securities, 
whether debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i)
have terms not materially less favourable to a Noteholder than the terms of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
independent investment bank or financial adviser of international standing; 
(ii)
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(iii)
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(iv)
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (although they need not 
contain all of the rights of the Issuer under Condition 7); 
(v)
comply with the then current requirements of the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; 
(vi)
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) (or in the case of Swedish Notes, 
from (but excluding)) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation 
(or, if the date of substitution or variation falls before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
(vii)
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(viii)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation; 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities means for the purpose of this Condition 7(l), securities, whether 
debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:
(i)
have terms not materially less favourable to a Noteholder than the terms of the Senior Preferred 
Notes, as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an independent 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(ii)
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(iii)
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(iv)
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes (although they need not contain all 
of the rights of the Issuer under Condition 7); 
(v)
comply with the then current requirements of the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; 
(vi)
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has 
not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) (or in the case of Swedish Notes, from 
(but excluding)) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation (or, 
if the date of substitution or variation falls before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
(vii)
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Preferred Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(viii)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation; 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities means, for the purpose of this Condition 7(l), securities, whether 
debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i)
have terms not materially less favourable to a Noteholder than the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes, as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an independent 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing; 
(ii)
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; 
(iii)
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated Notes; 
(iv)
have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes (although they need not contain all of 
the rights of the Issuer under Condition 7); 
(v)
comply with the then current requirements of the Capital Regulations in relation to Tier 2 capital; 
(vi)
preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) (or in the case of Swedish Notes, from 
(but excluding) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation (or, 
if the date of substitution or variation falls before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
(vii)
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated 
Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(viii)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately prior 
to such substitution or variation and 
Tier 2 capital means Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) as defined in Part 2 Chapter 4 of the CRR or 
in any other Capital Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any terms of Qualifying Securities which are required by rules implementing 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's press release of 13 January 2011 in relation to loss-
absorption at the point of non-viability shall never be deemed materially less favourable to a holder of 
the Notes.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
8.
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In such event, save as provided in paragraph (ii) below (to the extent applicable), the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that: 
(a)
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon; or 
(ii)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 6(e)); and 
(b)
if "Additional Amounts - Interest Only" is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any such withholding or deduction imposed or levied 
on payments of principal in respect of such Note. 
As used herein: 
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii)
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect 
is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9.
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6(b) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10.
Events of Default 
(a)
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i)
the Issuer shall default in the payment of principal in respect of any Note due and payable in 
accordance with these Terms and Conditions or the Issuer shall default in the payment of interest 
due on any Notes on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which the payment of interest 
is compulsory and any such default continues for five Stockholm Business Days; or 
(ii)
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer 
(except for the purpose of a merger, reconstruction or amalgamation under which the continuing 
entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is 
otherwise declared bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation), in each case by a court 
or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden having jurisdiction in respect of the 
same,

--- Page 119 ---
119 
the holder of any Note may: 
(A)
(in the case of (i) above) institute proceedings for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt or its 
winding-up or liquidation, in each case in the Kingdom of Sweden and not elsewhere, and 
prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and/or 
(B)
(in the case of (ii) above), prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, 
whether in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by a 
third party, 
but (in either case) the holder of such Note may claim payment in respect of the Note only 
in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(b)
In any of the events or circumstances described in (a)(ii) above, the holder of any Note may, by written 
notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer, and delivered to the Issuer or the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or the Agent, declare such Note to be due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
7(e)), together with accrued interest (if any), but subject to such holder only being able to claim payment 
in respect of the Notes in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(c)
The holder of a Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit 
to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes 
(other than, without prejudice to Condition 10(a) or 10(b) above, any obligation for the payment of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it. 
(d)
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Condition 10(a), 10(b) and 10(c) above, shall be 
available to the holders of Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or 
in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings under the Notes. 
11.
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 11 shall not apply to the Swedish Notes. 
12.
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided 
that so long as Notes or Swedish Notes, as the case may be, remain outstanding: 
(a)
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or relevant authority, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); and 
(c)
in the case of Swedish Notes, there will at all times be a Swedish Issuing Agent with a specified office 
in Sweden and a registrar, which shall be Euroclear Sweden, provided that such Swedish Issuing Agent 
is duly authorised by Euroclear Sweden. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 6(d). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying 
Agents will be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying 
agent. 
13.
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any 
other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which 
it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14.
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial 
Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of 
the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the Notes 
are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
such other relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the place or places required by that stock exchange or any other relevant authority. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of 
any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Notices in respect of Swedish Notes will be in writing, addressed to such Noteholders at the address appearing in 
the Euroclear Sweden Register maintained by Euroclear Sweden in accordance with Euroclear Sweden Rules, and 
will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Stockholm Business Day after the date of such mailing. 
15.
Provision of Information  
In relation to Swedish Notes, each Noteholder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Sweden to provide to the 
Swedish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Sweden relating to the Swedish Notes 
and the holders of the Swedish Notes in order that the Swedish Issuing Agent may provide any relevant Swedish 
authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Sweden (Finansinspektionen) and the Swedish tax 
authorities, with any information required under applicable Swedish laws. Such information shall include, but not 
be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the Swedish Notes, the residency of the registered holder of 
the Swedish Notes, the number of Swedish Notes registered with the relevant holder, the address of the relevant

--- Page 121 ---
121 
holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant Euroclear Sweden account (Kontoförande) and whether or 
not the Swedish Notes are registered in the name of a nominee and the identity of any such nominee. 
In order to comply with these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and a Swedish Issuing Agent, may collect and 
process personal data about the holder of the Swedish Notes.  
16.
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (other than in respect of 
the holders of Swedish Notes) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by 
Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that 
at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency 
of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent 
of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in 
each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed 
by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and 
whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b)
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The amended and restated programme agreement dated 7 May 2021 (as supplemented and/or amended and/or 
restated from time to time prior to the Issue Date of a Series of Swedish Notes) contains provisions regarding 
meetings of holders of Swedish Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning 
by a resolution of holders of a modification of the Swedish Notes.  Such provisions shall have effect as if 
incorporated herein.  
In respect of any Series of Swedish Notes, the Swedish Issuing Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
consent of the holders of the Swedish Notes, to: 
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
provided for in the provisions relating to meetings of holders of Swedish Notes) of the Swedish Notes 
which is not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Swedish Notes; or 
(b)
any modification of the Swedish Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of Swedish Notes and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
The Swedish Issuing Agent shall, prior to and in connection with meetings of holders of Swedish Notes and 
otherwise as and when required to carry out its duties under these Conditions, be entitled to obtain information 
from the register of Noteholders kept by Euroclear Sweden in respect of the Swedish Notes (skuldbok), provided 
that this is permitted under the Euroclear Sweden Rules. The Swedish Issuing Agent may use the information 
only for the purposes of carrying out its duties and exercising its rights in respect of the issue and shall not disclose 
such information to the Issuer, a holder of any Swedish Notes or any third party unless necessary for such 
purposes. 
Any modification to these Conditions in relation to any Series of Notes are subject to the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority (if such permission is required (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) by the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) the Capital 
Regulations, as the case may be). 
17.
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18.
Third Party Rights 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term 
of this Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from 
that Act. 
19.
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes 
and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except that the 
provisions of the Notes under Conditions 2(b) and (c) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of Sweden.  
(b)
Submission to jurisdiction 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) 
and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(c)
For the purposes of this Condition 19, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(d)
Swedish Notes 
Without prejudice to Conditions 19(a) to (d) above, Swedish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with 
regard to the registration of Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden. 
Notwithstanding that, under the SFIA Act or the Euroclear Sweden Rules (together, the Swedish 
Remedies), holders of Swedish Notes may have remedies against the Issuer for non-payment or non-
performance under the Conditions applicable to such Swedish Notes, a holder of Swedish Notes must 
first exhaust all available remedies under English law for non-payment or non-performance before any 
suit, action or proceeding may be brought against the Issuer in Sweden in respect of the Swedish 
Remedies. Notwithstanding Condition 19(e), and in this limited respect only, a holder of Swedish Notes 
may therefore not take a concurrent suit, action or proceeding in Sweden.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
(e)
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its registered office at 5 
Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the 
event of Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
(f)
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
20.
Swedish Statutory Bail-in Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), by its acquisition of the Notes, each 
Noteholder acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be bound by the exercise of, any Bail-in Power by the 
Swedish National Debt Office (Riksgäldskontoret) or any successor or replacement thereto and/or such 
other authority which has the ability to exercise any Bail-in Power in relation to the Issuer (the Relevant 
Resolution Authority) that may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount of, or payments of interest or other distributions on, the Notes and/or the conversion of 
all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or payments of interest or other distributions on, the Notes 
into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of 
a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
of such Bail-in Power. Each Noteholder further acknowledges and agrees that the rights of the 
Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Sweden, including but not limited to 
any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of the BRRD, the Resolution Act (Lag (2015:1016) om resolution) and/or the Precautionary 
Support Act (Lag (2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) as amended or replaced 
from time to time and any instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which 
liabilities of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified and/or converted 
into shares or other securities or obligations of the Issuer or any other person. BRRD means Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 
June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the Bail-in Power or the date from which the Bail-in Power shall be effective with respect to the Notes, 
the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 without delay. Any delay or 
failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in 
Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall 
not constitute an Event of Default and these Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the residual 
principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the Notes, subject to any 
modification of the amount of interest or other distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the 
principal amount, and any further modification of these Conditions that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of 
credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Sweden.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes. VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical 
note or document of title other than a statement of account made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be 
recorded and transfer effected only through the book-entry system and register maintained by the VPS. If the 
relevant VPS Notes are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such VPS Notes. 
Each VPS Note will be one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by the Issuer and each VPS Note will 
be issued in accordance with and subject to the trust agreement (such trust agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 4 May 2020 made between 
the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the VPS Notes shall be references to the VPS Notes of this Series and shall mean notes 
registered in in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 
in a Securities Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories (CSD) 
regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European 
Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No 236/2012) which unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms will be the Verdipapirsentralen ASA
(including any unpaid principal or other amount owed under such notes which has been allocated a separate ISIN 
by the relevant Securities Depository) (VPS Notes and the VPS, respectively). 
The VPS Notes have the benefit of the VPS Agency Agreement dated 24 June 2008 as amended by the VPS 
Agency Amendment Agreements dated 17 June 2009, 25 May 2010, 31 May 2011 and 29 May 2013 (together, 
the VPS Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and DNB Bank ASA (the VPS Agent). 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry 
form in accounts with the VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with the 
VPS in respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The final terms for each Tranche of VPS Notes (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms which complete these terms and conditions of the VPS Notes (the VPS Conditions) or, if the VPS 
Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A 
of a pricing supplement relating to the VPS Notes (the Pricing Supplement) and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these VPS Conditions, replace 
or modify these VPS Conditions for the purposes of the VPS Notes. References to the applicable Final Terms
are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) prepared by the Issuer in relation to the 
relevant VPS Notes. If the VPS Notes are Exempt Notes, any reference in these VPS Conditions to "Final Terms" 
shall be deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The expression EU 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS Notes (the VPS Noteholders
and the holders of VPS Notes), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement and these VPS 
Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of VPS Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the VPS Agent and at the registered office for the time being of the VPS 
Trustee being at 7 May 2021 at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, N-0160, Oslo, Norway. If the VPS Notes are to 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Oslo Børs (Oslo Stock Exchange) (https://www.euronext.com). The VPS Noteholders 
are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the VPS Agency Agreement, 
the VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
The statements in these VPS Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these VPS Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency 
Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee 
Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these VPS Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
The VPS Notes are in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in the denomination of NOK 
500,000 and/or such other currency and Specified Denomination(s) as shown in Part A of the relevant Final Terms 
provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes) and will be registered with a separate securities identification code in the VPS. 
VPS Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes, VPS or otherwise, of another 
Specified Denomination. VPS Notes will be registered with a separate securities identification code in the VPS. 
VPS Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
VPS Notes may be Senior Preferred VPS Notes, Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes or Subordinated VPS Notes, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book-entry in the records of the VPS. The 
Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of the VPS or one issued on behalf of the VPS by an account-
carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS Noteholder. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in the VPS between the direct or indirect accountholders at the 
VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS that are in force from time to time. Where a nominee 
is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS Note. 
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of the VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such VPS Notes shall be treated by the Issuer, the VPS 
Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. VPS Notes 
will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the VPS. 
2.
Status of the VPS Notes 
(a)
Status – Senior Preferred VPS Notes 
(i)
This Condition 2(a) is applicable in relation to VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Senior Preferred VPS Notes and references to VPS Notes in this Condition 2(a) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(ii)
Each Tranche of Senior Preferred VPS Notes will constitute unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
(iii)
No VPS Noteholder who in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Senior 
Preferred VPS Notes held by such VPS Noteholder.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(b)
Status – Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes 
(i)
This Condition 2(b) is applicable in relation to VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes and references to VPS Notes in this Condition 2(b) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(ii)
Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations, with 
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking, of the Issuer. In the event of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, the rights of the VPS Noteholders 
to payments on or in respect of such VPS Notes shall rank: 
(A)
pari passu without any preference among themselves;
(B)
pari passu with the rights of holders of all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer; 
(C)
senior to the rights of holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer, including any 
subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes, or would but for any applicable 
limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 Capital or any subordinated 
obligation of the Issuer which constitutes an Additional Tier 1 Instrument, which by law 
rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities 
of the Issuer; 
(D)
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference shares 
(if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as such holders; and  
(E)
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (x) depositors of the Issuer, 
and (y) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior Preferred 
VPS Notes) that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further notes and other obligations in the future, which may 
rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes. 
(iii)
No VPS Noteholder who in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred VPS Notes held by such VPS Noteholder. 
(c)
Status – Subordinated VPS Notes 
(i)
This Condition 2(b) is applicable in relation to VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being Subordinated VPS Notes and references to VPS Notes in this Condition 2(b) shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(ii)
Subordinated VPS Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. In the 
event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the 
Issuer, the rights of the VPS Noteholders to payments on or in respect of such Notes shall rank: 
(A)
pari passu without any preference among themselves; 
(B)
at least pari passu with the rights of holders of all obligations of the Issuer which constitute, 
or would but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 
Capital; 
(C)
senior to the rights of holders of any subordinated obligation of the Issuer which constitutes 
an Additional Tier 1 Instrument; 
(D)
in priority to payments to holders of all classes of share capital (including preference shares 
(if any)) of the Issuer in their capacity as such holders; and

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(E)
junior in right of payment to any present or future claims of (x) depositors of the Issuer, 
(y) other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, and (z) subordinated creditors of the Issuer 
whose rights are expressed to rank in priority to the holders of the VPS Notes. 
The Issuer reserves the right to issue further subordinated notes and other subordinated obligations 
in the future, which may rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated VPS Notes. 
(iii)
No VPS Noteholder who in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or 
bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer shall be indebted to the Issuer shall be entitled to exercise any 
right of set-off or counterclaim against moneys owed by the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated 
VPS Notes held by such VPS Noteholder. 
As used herein: 
Additional Tier 1 Capital means Additional Tier 1 capital (Primärkapital) as defined in Part 2 Chapter 
3 of the CRR or in any other Capital Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced; 
Additional Tier 1 Instrument means (i) any instruments of the Issuer that at the time of issuance comply 
with the then current requirements under Capital Regulations in relation to Additional Tier 1 Capital, and 
(ii) any instrument, security or other obligation of the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, on a 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation (likvidation) or bankruptcy (konkurs) of the Issuer, pari passu with 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments; 
Applicable MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies then in effect in Sweden giving effect to any MREL Requirement or any successor regulations 
then applicable to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD, the Swedish Resolution Act 
(lag (2015:1016) om resolution) and the Swedish National Debt Office Regulations RKGFS 2015:2 and 
2016:1 (Riksgäldskontorets föreskrifter RKGFS 2015:2 och 2016:1) (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be); 
BRRD means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on resolution 
and recovery of credit institutions and investment firms dated 15th May, 2014 and published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014 (or, as the case may be, any provision of Swedish 
law transposing or implementing such Directive), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Capital Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Sweden including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, CRD IV, and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy adopted by the Competent Authority from time to time, and then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer or to the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation; 
Competent Authority means, in relation to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as 
the case may be (i) (in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) the Swedish National Debt Office 
(Riksgäldskontoret) (in its capacity as resolution authority) or any successor or replacement thereto 
and/or such other authority which has the primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be, under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations and (ii) (in respect of the Subordinated VPS Notes) the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) and any successor or replacement thereto, and/or such other 
authority which has the primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer 
or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as applicable, under the Capital Regulations;
CRD IV means, as the context requires, any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR 
and/or any CRD IV Implementing Measures; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 129 ---
129 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules or regulations or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Issuer and/or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation and 
which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations or requirements) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation to the extent required by the CRD IV Directive 
or the CRR, including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, any regulatory technical 
standards, guidelines, recommendations and/or opinions released from time to time by the European 
Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof) or the Competent Authority, as the case 
may be; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
Landshypotek Consolidated Situation means the Parent, the Issuer, the Issuer's Subsidiaries and any 
other entities which are part of the Swedish prudential consolidated situation (as such term is used in the 
Capital Regulations) of which the Issuer is a part, from time to time; 
MREL Eligible Liabilities means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) which are 
available to meet any MREL Requirement (howsoever called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be, under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations; 
MREL Requirement means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which is 
applicable to the Issuer or the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, as the case may be; 
Parent means Landshypotek Ekonomisk Förening (Reg. No. 769600-5003);  
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities means liabilities and obligations having Senior Non-Preferred 
Ranking; 
Senior Non-Preferred Ranking means the ranking set out in the second sentence of the first paragraph 
of Section 18 of the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (18 § första stycket andra meningen 
förmånsrättslagen (1970:979)) for claims attributable to such debt instruments as are referred to in 
Chapter 21, Section 15, paragraph 3 b of the Swedish Resolution Act (21 kap. 15 § 3 b lagen (2015:1016) 
om resolution), as such legislative references may be amended or replaced from time to time; and 
a Subsidiary of a company or corporation shall be construed as a reference to any company or 
corporation: 
(a) 
which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; 
(b) 
more than half the equity or issued share capital of which is beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the first-mentioned company or corporation; or 
(c) 
which is a Subsidiary of another Subsidiary of the first-mentioned company or corporation; and 
and, for these purposes, a company or corporation shall be treated as being controlled by another if that 
other company or corporation is able to direct its affairs and/or to control the composition of its board of 
directors or equivalent body. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(c), Tier 2 Capital means any instrument or security of the Issuer 
which is recognised as Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) (as defined in Part 2 Chapter 4 of the CRR 
or in any other Capital Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced) of the Issuer, at the time of its 
issue, by the Competent Authority.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
3.
This Condition 3 has been left blank intentionally 
4.
This Condition 4 has been left blank intentionally 
5.
Interest 
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date . 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these VPS Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5(a): 
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)
in the case of VPS Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b)
in the case of VPS Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii)
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of 
12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding the 
next Determination Date;

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Interest Commencement Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b)
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii)
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the First Reset Period) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and 
(iii)
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any Subsequent Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) (each a Subsequent Reset 
Period) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each a Rate of Interest) payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up 
to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of Condition 5(c)(vi) shall apply to the Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, in respect of any 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period as if the Fixed Reset 
Notes were Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall otherwise be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 5(b). Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of 
Condition 5(a) shall apply to the Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Business Day has the meaning specified in Condition 5(c)(i); 
First Reset Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Margin has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
First Reset Rate means the sum of the First Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset 
Period; 
Initial Interest Rate has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset Date, 
the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-
annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be converted to a quarterly 
rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest Payment Dates) for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset Period, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate for the Reset Period; 
Reference Banks means five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market for swap transactions in the 
Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Relevant Screen Page means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other equivalent 
information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying the relevant 
swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset 
Period; 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date or any Subsequent Reset Date, as the case 
may be; 
Reset Determination Date means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date; 
Reset Margin means the First Reset Margin or any Subsequent Reset Margin, as the case may be; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a term 
equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to 
the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
(b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the 
Floating Leg Screen Page; 
Reset Rate means the First Reset Rate or any Subsequent Reset Rate, as the case may be; 
Reset Reference Bank Rate means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date. The Calculation Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations are 
provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations 
are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period 
or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate; 
Second Reset Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date(s) has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Margin(s) has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate means the sum of the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate 
for the relevant Subsequent Reset Period. 
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an Interest Payment Date) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
VPS Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(ii)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR)  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being any of 
EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Financial Centre Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 5(c)(ii)(B)(1), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 5(c)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the

--- Page 135 ---
135 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR)) or the Stockholm inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate (STIBOR)) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian inter-bank offered 
rate (NIBOR)) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
In this Condition 5(c)(ii)(B): 
(3)
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the 
case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major 
banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, 
in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(4)
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 
noon (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR). 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR 
(1)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR: 
(a)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 5(c)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(b)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Notes is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will (subject 
to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 5(c)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(2)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(a)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(b)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 5(d) 
(Benchmark Replacement), in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so 
long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised 
distributors. To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes or the Agency Agreement are required in order for the 
Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in order to determine the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to act until such 
amendments or modifications have been made in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the VPS Notes and the Agency Agreement. No consent of the 
Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any amendment or 
modification in accordance with the foregoing, including for the execution of any 
documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the 
Agency Agreement (if required). 
(3)
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(4)
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(5)
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(ii)(C):

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Applicable Period means:  
(A)   where Lag or Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and  
(B)   where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Business Day or BD means (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; (ii) where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be 
closed other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the 
period from (and including) the date falling z London Banking Days prior to (but 
excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date in relation to such Interest 
Period; and (iii) where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) 
(in the case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the 
website of the 
European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., 
(Central European Time) on the euro Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date (such period not to be not less than five Business Days without the Calculation 
Agent’s prior written agreement);

--- Page 138 ---
138 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni, for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following 
Business Day; 
New York Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling p Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
p Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable); 
p means, for any Interest Period:  
(A)  where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that p shall not be less 
than three Business Days at any time and shall not be less than z London 
Banking Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent 
(or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(B)  where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; 
(C)  where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that p shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall 
not be less than z London Banking Days without the prior written agreement 
of the Calculation Agent (or if no such number is specified, five Business 
Days); 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than 
any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
r means: 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the Reference Rate in 
respect of such Business Day; or 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; and in respect of any Business Day i falling during the 
Lock-out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the 
Lock-out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and 
shall not be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business 
Days prior to each Interest Payment Date), the Reference Rate in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding the last Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Business Day coinciding with the relevant 
Interest Determination Date);

--- Page 139 ---
139 
ri means, the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for:  
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling p Business Days prior to the relevant Business 
Day i; or 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Business Day i; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. 
(New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day; 
SONIA means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;  
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities;  
Weighted Average Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during such 
Interest Period (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) (in the 
case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards:  
[∑(𝑟𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝐷
𝑑
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
where: 
Business Day, BD, D, d, do, i, n and p have the meanings given to them in the 
provision relating to Compounded Daily Reference Rate specified above; 
ri means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A)  where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Interest

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day falling p Business Days 
prior to such day i; 
(B) where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A) 
above, except that in respect of each Business Day i falling during the Lock-
out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the Lock-
out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall not 
be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A) above in respect 
of the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); and 
(C) where in the applicable Final Terms Shift is specified as the Observation 
Method in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Reference Rate in respect of that day i; and 
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
(iii)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on 
such Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c): 
(i)  
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi)  
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360

--- Page 142 ---
142 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the VPS 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall instruct the Principal Paying Agent to 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to it. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee and the VPS and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London. The 
notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made to the VPS in accordance with and 
subject to the VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(vii)
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5(c) by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on all parties and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Calculation Agent, or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d)
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Mid-Swap 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), the following provisions shall apply: 
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (in consultation with the Issuer) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than five 
Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
VPS Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent provisions of this Condition 5(d)); 
(ii)
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page 
of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii)
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, 
or, if it determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable), and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be 
the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page 
of an information service as displays the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if 
this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the date falling not less than five 
Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii), the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to such 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) shall be equal to the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference 
Rate (as applicable) for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period published 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination Date 
(as applicable) (though substituting, where a different First Reset Margin, Subsequent Reset 
Margin or Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the First Margin, 
Subsequent Margin or Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period, in place of the margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); 
(iv)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant 
Screen Page in relation to the VPS Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent provisions of this Condition 5(d));

--- Page 144 ---
144 
(v)
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also specify changes to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the 
VPS Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the VPS Notes, in order 
to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread, which changes shall apply to the VPS Notes for all future Reset Periods or 
Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent provisions of this Condition 5(d)); and 
(vii)
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Agent and the VPS 
Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d), if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 5(d), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
Such benchmark replacement shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities unless such party 
consents. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(d), no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate or Adjustment Spread (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
VPS Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 5(d), if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Senior Preferrred VPS Notes or Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or the 
relevant Series of Subordinated VPS Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Landshypotek 
Consolidated Situation, as the case may be. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes only, no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate 
(as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of such VPS Notes will be made 
to this Condition 5(d), if an to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably 
be expected to result in the Competent Authority under the Applicable MREL Regulations treating a 
future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the VPS Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines should be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of 
the replacement of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or 
the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) with 
the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or option 
provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to VPS 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) 
with the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i)
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has ceased to be published on the 
Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered;  
(ii)
public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that it will cease publishing such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate);  
(iii)
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that means that such Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; 
or 
(v)
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any VPS Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense;
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and  
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines is a successor to or replacement of 
the relevant Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body Independent Adviser. 
(e)
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS Note, that part only of such VPS 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation 
thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
VPS Notes or Subordinated VPS Notes, the permission of the Competent Authority for payment of 
principal (if required) has not been given or, having been given, has been withdrawn and not replaced

--- Page 146 ---
146 
and such payment is not made. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier 
of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such VPS 
Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(f)
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agent if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS Notes and for so long as any VPS Note is outstanding (as defined 
below). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS Notes, references in 
these VPS Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under these VPS Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period or a Reset Period, as applicable, or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer 
shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm 
engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
For the purpose hereof, outstanding means, in relation to the VPS Notes of any Series, all such VPS 
Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those VPS Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these VPS Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with these VPS 
Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the 
date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these VPS Conditions after that date) 
have been duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent (and where appropriate notice to that 
effect has been given to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with these VPS Conditions) and 
remain available for payment against presentation of the relevant VPS Notes; 
(c) 
those VPS Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with these VPS 
Conditions; and 
(d) 
those VPS Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under these VPS Conditions. 
6.
Payments 
(a)
Method of payment  
Subject as provided below: 
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any

--- Page 147 ---
147 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these VPS Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the VPS Notes for, or on account of, any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b)
Payment of Principal and Interest 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes and notification thereof to VPS Noteholders 
will be made to the VPS Noteholders shown in the records of the VPS and will be effected through and 
in accordance with and subject to the VPS Agency Agreement and the rules and regulations from time 
to time governing the VPS. The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any VPS Noteholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (a) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account 
operating institution with the VPS, (b) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where these VPS Conditions so 
require, and (c) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the VPS 
Notes may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(c)
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(d)
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8; 
(ii)
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iii)
the Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(iv)
the Tax Event Early Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(v)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS Notes; 
(vi)
the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes; 
(vii)
the Capital Event Redemption Amount of the VPS Notes;

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(viii)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7(e)); and 
(ix)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS Notes. 
Any reference in these VPS Conditions to interest in respect of the VPS Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7.
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at (i) if the Notes are not Zero Coupon Notes, 100 per cent of its nominal amount, 
or (ii) if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in each case, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons 
If Tax Event Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may, 
subject as provided in Condition 7(k), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if such VPS Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if such VPS 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the VPS Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 12, the VPS Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Tax 
Event occurs. 
Tax Event means, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Tax 
Jurisdiction, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the VPS Notes, on the occasion of the next payment due under the VPS Notes, the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8, provided 
that the Issuer satisfies the Competent Authority that such change in tax treatment of the VPS Notes is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes 
and provided further that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the VPS Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(b), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the VPS Trustee to make available at its specified office to the VPS Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. 
VPS Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at their Tax Event Early 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject as 
provided in Condition 7(k), having given: 
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the VPS Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14; and 
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the VPS Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the VPS Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 149 ---
149 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or 
not more than a Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of VPS Notes, the VPS Notes to be redeemed will be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the VPS not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(d)
Redemption at the option of the VPS Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7(d) is applicable in relation to VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
Senior Preferred VPS Notes and references to VPS Notes in this Condition 7(d) shall be construed 
accordingly. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any VPS 
Note giving to the Issuer not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry 
of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, such VPS Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes the holders of the VPS Notes must, within 
the notice period, give notice (the Put Notice) to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of the VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10. 
(e)
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of paragraph 7(b) above and Condition 10: 
(i)
each VPS Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at the Early Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an Early Redemption Amount (the Amortised Face 
Amount) calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1+AY)x where:  
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
x is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the VPS Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or 
(ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such VPS Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
(f)
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may, subject as provided in Condition 7(k), at any time 
purchase VPS Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
(g)
Cancellation 
All VPS Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled by 
causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of the VPS. 
All VPS Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such VPS Notes 
shall be discharged. 
(h)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in paragraph (e)(ii) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the VPS Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(i)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer in case of an MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 7(i) applies only in the case of VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Senior Preferred VPS Notes or Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes in respect of which MREL 
Disqualification Event Redemption applies. 
If a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the occurrence of 
the relevant MREL Disqualification Event, at its option, but subject as provided in Condition 7(k), give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding VPS Notes 
comprising the relevant Series shall be redeemed: 
(i) 
in the case of all VPS Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (A) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (B) if there is no Interest 
Payment Date falling within (A) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry 
of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at the MREL Disqualification Event Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, together with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall 
redeem the VPS Notes. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
MREL Disqualification Event means, at any time, a change in the regulatory classification of the VPS 
Notes pursuant to the Applicable MREL Regulations that results, or would be likely to result, in their 
exclusion in whole or in part from the MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer and/or the Landshypotek 
Consolidated Situation, provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur if such exclusion 
is or will be caused by (A) the remaining maturity of such VPS Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, or (B) any 
applicable limits on the amount of "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor term) permitted 
or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
(j)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer in case of a Capital Event

--- Page 151 ---
151 
This Condition 7(j) applies only in the case of VPS Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes in respect of which Capital Event Redemption applies. 
If a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may, within 90 calendar days of the occurrence of the relevant Capital 
Event, at its option, but subject as provided in Condition 7(j), give notice to the VPS Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) that all (but not some only) of the outstanding VPS Notes comprising the relevant Series 
shall be redeemed: 
(i)
in the case of all VPS Notes other than Floating Rate Notes, at any time within the period of not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice; or 
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes, (1) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date of such notice or (2) if there is no Interest 
Payment Date falling within (1) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry 
of 60 days from the date of such notice, 
in each case, at the Capital Event Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together 
with accrued interest (if any) thereon. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the VPS 
Notes. 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Capital Event means, at any time, a change in the regulatory classification of the VPS Notes pursuant 
to the Capital Regulations that results, or would be likely to result, in: 
(i)
their exclusion in whole or in part from the regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Landshypotek Consolidated Situation; or 
(ii)
reclassification in whole or in part as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or 
the Landshypotek Consolidated Situation, 
in each case, provided that (A) the Competent Authority considers such change in the regulatory 
classification of the VPS Notes to be sufficiently certain, and (B) the Issuer satisfies the Competent 
Authority that such change in the regulatory classification of the VPS Notes was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the VPS Notes. 
(k)
Redemption and Purchase only with Prior Approval 
No early redemption or purchase of VPS Notes as contemplated by this Condition 7 may be made without 
the prior consent of the Competent Authority (if such permission is then required (in the case of Senior 
Preferred VPS Notes or Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) by the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in 
the case of Subordinated VPS Notes) by the Capital Regulations). 
(l)
Variation or Substitution instead of Redemption 
This Condition 7(l) is applicable only where it is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If at any time a Capital Event occurs (if Capital Event Redemption is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Subordinated VPS Notes) or an MREL Disqualification Event 
occurs (if MREL Disqualification Event Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms in relation to the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes) or a Tax Event occurs (if Tax Event 
Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), then the Issuer may, subject 
to the approval of the Competent Authority, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
VPS Noteholders and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the VPS Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the VPS Notes for, or vary the terms 
of the VPS Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities (as defined 
below), provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to 
redeem the varied or substituted securities that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the 
VPS Notes.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
In these VPS Conditions: 
Qualifying Securities means the Subordinated Qualifying Securities and/or the Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as applicable); 
Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities means, for the purpose of this Condition 7(l), securities, 
whether debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i)
have terms not materially less favourable to a VPS Noteholder than the terms of the Senior Non-
Preferred VPS Notes, as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
independent investment bank or financial adviser of international standing; 
(ii)
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes; 
(iii)
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes; 
(iv)
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes (although they need not 
contain all of the rights of the Issuer under Condition 7); 
(v)
comply with the then current requirements of the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; 
(vi)
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation (or, if the date of substitution or variation falls 
before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date); 
(vii)
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-
Preferred VPS Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(viii)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred VPS Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation; 
Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities means for the purpose of this Condition 7(l), securities, whether 
debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i)
have terms not materially less favourable to a VPS Noteholder than the terms of the Senior 
Preferred VPS Notes, as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
independent investment bank or financial adviser of international standing; 
(ii)
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred VPS Notes; 
(iii)
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Senior Preferred VPS Notes; 
(iv)
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Preferred VPS Notes (although they need not 
contain all of the rights of the Issuer under Condition 7); 
(v)
comply with the then current requirements of the Applicable MREL Regulations in relation to 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; 
(vi)
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Preferred VPS Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) (or in the case of Swedish Notes, 
from (but excluding)) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation 
(or, if the date of substitution or variation falls before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Commencement Date); 
(vii)
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Preferred VPS Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(viii)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred VPS Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation; 
Subordinated Qualifying Securities means, for the purpose of this Condition 7(l), securities, whether 
debt, equity, interests in limited partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i)
have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated VPS Notes than the 
terms of the VPS Notes, as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with 
an independent investment bank or financial adviser of international standing; 
(ii)
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated VPS Notes; 
(iii)
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated VPS Notes; 
(iv)
have the same redemption rights as the VPS Notes (although they need not contain all of the rights 
of the Issuer under Condition 7); 
(v)
comply with the then current requirements of the Capital Regulations in relation to Tier 2 capital; 
(vi)
preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated VPS Notes to any accrued interest which has 
not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation (or, if the date of substitution or variation falls 
before the first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Commencement Date); 
(vii)
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated 
VPS Notes immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(viii)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated VPS Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation; and 
Tier 2 capital means Tier 2 capital (supplementärkapital) as defined in Part 2 Chapter 4 of the CRR or 
in any other Capital Regulations, in each case as amended or replaced. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any terms of Qualifying Securities which are required by rules implementing 
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's press release of 13 January 2011 in relation to loss-
absorption at the point of non-viability shall never be deemed materially less favourable to a holder of 
the VPS Notes. 
8.
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In such event, save as provided in paragraph (ii) below (to the extent applicable), the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the VPS Notes 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that: (i) no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note the holder 
of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such VPS Note by reason of his having some connection 
with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS Note and (ii) if "Additional Amounts - Interest 
Only" is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any such withholding or deduction imposed or levied on payments of principal in respect of such VPS Note. 
As used herein: 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
9.
Prescription 
The VPS Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 
10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor. 
As used herein, Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
10.
Events of Default 
(a)
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(i)
the Issuer shall default in the payment of principal in respect of any VPS Note due and payable in 
accordance with these VPS Conditions or the Issuer shall default in the payment of interest due 
on any VPS Notes on an Interest Payment Date or any other date on which the payment of interest 
is compulsory and any such default continues for five Stockholm Business Days; 
(ii)
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer 
(except for the purpose of a merger, reconstruction or amalgamation under which the continuing 
entity effectively assumes the entire obligations of the Issuer under the Notes) or the Issuer is 
otherwise declared bankrupt (konkurs) or put into liquidation (likvidation), in each case by a court 
or agency or supervisory authority in the Kingdom of Sweden having jurisdiction in respect of the 
same, 
the holder of any VPS Note may: 
(A)
(in the case of (i) above) institute proceedings for the Issuer to be declared bankrupt or its 
winding-up or liquidation, in each case in the Kingdom of Sweden and not elsewhere, and 
prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer; and/or 
(B)
(in the case of (ii) above), prove or claim in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer, 
whether in the Kingdom of Sweden or elsewhere and instituted by the Issuer itself or by a 
third party, 
but (in either case) the holder of such VPS Note may claim payment in respect of the VPS 
Note only in the bankruptcy or liquidation the Issuer. 
(b)
In any of the events or circumstances described in (a)(ii) above, the holder of any VPS Note may, by 
written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer, and delivered to the Issuer or the VPS Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or the VPS Agent, declare such VPS Note to be 
due and payable, whereupon it shall become due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 7(e)), together with accrued interest (if any), but subject to such holder only being 
able to claim payment in respect of the Notes in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. 
(c)
The holder of a VPS Note may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may 
think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the 
VPS Notes (other than, without prejudice to Condition 10(a) or 10(b) above, any obligation for the 
payment of any principal or interest in respect of the VPS Notes) provided that the Issuer shall not by 
virtue of the institution of any such proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same 
would otherwise have been payable by it. 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as provided in Condition 10(a), 10(b) and 10(c) above, shall be 
available to the holders of VPS Notes, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the VPS 
Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations or undertakings under the VPS 
Notes.
11.
Transfer and Exchange of VPS Notes 
(i) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo Business 
Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between accountholders at 
the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of the VPS. A transfer of 
VPS Notes which is held in the VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is only possible by 
using an account operator linked to the VPS. For the purpose of this Condition, Oslo Business Day
means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for business in Oslo. 
(ii) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, called for partial redemption. 
(iii) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, transfer 
or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than 
by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
12.
Notices 
Notices to the VPS Noteholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to the VPS for communication by it 
to the VPS Noteholders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock exchange, the Issuer shall ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such exchange. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of delivery by the VPS. 
13.
Meetings of VPS Noteholders, Modification and Waiver
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully set out in the VPS 
Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS Notes or any of the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement (or, 
in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, 
the VPS Trustee, Oslo Børs (Oslo Stock Exchange) or by VPS Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent of 
the Voting VPS Notes. (For the purpose of this Condition, Voting VPS Notes means the aggregate nominal 
amount of the total number of VPS Notes not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in the VPS, less the VPS Notes 
owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any party over whom the Issuer has 
decisive influence.) 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half of the Voting 
VPS Notes or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders of Voting VPS Notes 
whatever the nominal amount of the VPS Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the VPS Notes, the VPS Trustee Agreement (including 
modifying the date of maturity of the VPS Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling 
the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS Notes or altering the currency of 
payment of the VPS Notes), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two 
thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS Notes. A 
resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS Noteholders shall be binding on all the VPS Noteholders, whether or 
not they are present at such meeting. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(a)
the VPS Trustee may in certain circumstances, without the consent of the VPS Noteholders, make 
decisions binding on all VPS Noteholders relating to these VPS Conditions, the VPS Trustee Agreement 
or the VPS Agency Agreement or that is not, in the VPS Trustee's opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the VPS Noteholders; and 
(b)
the VPS Trustee may reach decisions binding for all VPS Noteholders. 
Any modification to these Conditions in relation to any Series of VPS Notes are subject to the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority (if such permission is required (in the case of Senior Preferred Noted or Senior Non-

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Preferred VPS Notes) by the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in the case of Subordinated VPS Notes) the 
Capital Regulations, as the case may be). 
14.
VPS Trustee 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. VPS Noteholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by these VPS Conditions and the 
terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
15.
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS Noteholders to create and issue 
further notes having terms and conditions the same as the VPS Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS Notes. 
16.
Third Party Rights 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term 
of this VPS Note, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
17.
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law 
The VPS Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Conditions 2(b) and 
(c) which is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Sweden and Conditions 
13, 14 and 16 which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. The 
VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 No. 64, as amended 
from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and are subject to the 
obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
(b)
Submission to jurisdiction 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the VPS Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS Notes (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the 
Issuer and any VPS Noteholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(c)
For the purposes of this Condition 17, each of the Issuer and any VPS Noteholders in relation to any 
Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(d)
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Trustee and the VPS Noteholders that the courts 
of Norway are to have jurisdiction to settle any Disputes which may arise out of, or in connection with, 
the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement. 
(e)
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its registered office at 5 
Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the 
event of Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
18.
Swedish Statutory Bail-in Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the VPS Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any VPS Noteholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the VPS Notes), by its acquisition of the 
VPS Notes, each VPS Noteholder acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be bound by the exercise of, any 
Bail-in Power by the Swedish National Debt Office (Riksgäldskontoret) or any successor or replacement 
thereto and/or such other authority which has the ability to exercise any Bail-in Power in relation to the 
Issuer (the Relevant Resolution Authority) that may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or 
a portion, of the principal amount of, or payments of interest or other distributions on, the VPS Notes 
and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or payments of interest or other 
distributions on, the VPS Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the VPS Notes to give effect to the exercise by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. Each VPS Noteholder further acknowledges 
and agrees that the rights of the VPS Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to 
give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Sweden, including but not limited to 
any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of the BRRD, the Resolution Act (Lag (2015:1016) om resolution) and/or the Precautionary 
Support Act (Lag (2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) as amended or replaced 
from time to time and any instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which 
liabilities of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified and/or converted 
into shares or other securities or obligations of the Issuer or any other person. BRRD means Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 
June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the Bail-in Power or the date from which the Bail-in Power shall be effective with respect to the VPS 
Notes, the Issuer shall notify the VPS Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 without delay. Any 
delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
Bail-in Power nor the effects on the VPS Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the VPS Notes 
shall not constitute an Event of Default and these VPS Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to 
the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the VPS Notes, subject 
to any modification of the amount of interest or other distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the 
principal amount, and any further modification of these VPS Conditions that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of 
credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Sweden. 
Each VPS Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Bail-in Power to the VPS Notes.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE S.O. BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global S.O. Bond (as defined below) and each Definitive S.O. Bond, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such Definitive S.O. Bond will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of 
Exempt S.O. Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for 
the purpose of such S.O. Bonds. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (or in each case the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global S.O. Bond and Definitive S.O. Bond. 
The S.O. Bonds are issued in accordance with the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on issuance of Covered Bonds (Lag 
(2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds). 
This S.O. Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of S.O. Bonds issued by Landshypotek Bank AB (publ) (the 
Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
S.O. Bonds may be in bearer form (the Bearer S.O. Bonds) or in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form. 
References herein to the S.O. Bonds shall be references to the S.O. Bonds of this Series and shall mean: 
(i)
in relation to any S.O. Bonds represented by a global S.O. Bond (a Global S.O. Bond), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii)
any Global S.O. Bond;  
(iii)
any S.O. Bonds in definitive form (Definitive S.O. Bonds) issued in exchange for a Global S.O. Bond; 
and 
(iv)
any registered, uncertificated and dematerialised S.O. Bonds in book-entry form registered in the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositary and Clearing Organisation Euroclear Sweden AB, incorporated 
in Sweden with registered number 556112-8074 (Swedish S.O. Bonds and Euroclear Sweden). 
The S.O. Bonds (other than the Swedish S.O. Bonds, save to the extent provided herein) and the Coupons (as 
defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 7 May 2021 and made between 
the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
For any Series of Swedish S.O. Bonds, the Issuer will, prior to the Issue Date in respect of such Series, appoint 
an issuing agent (administrerande institut), specifically authorised by Euroclear Sweden to process and register 
issues in Euroclear Sweden, in connection with such Series of Swedish S.O. Bonds, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the Swedish Issuing Agent, which expression shall include any additional or successor issuing 
agent).  The Issuer will furthermore enter into documentation with the Euroclear Sweden applicable to a relevant 
issue of Swedish S.O. Bonds, which will set out the terms and conditions for admitting such Swedish S.O. Bonds 
to the Swedish clearing and settlement system maintained by Euroclear Sweden (each such agreement as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, a Euroclear Sweden Agreement). 
Interest bearing Definitive S.O. Bonds have interest coupons (Coupons) and in the case of S.O. Bonds which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global S.O. Bonds do not have Coupons or Talons 
attached on issue. 
The final terms for this S.O. Bond (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this S.O. Bond which complete these Terms and Conditions or, if this S.O. Bond is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation (an Exempt S.O. Bond), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of a

--- Page 159 ---
159 
pricing supplement relating to this S.O. Bond (the Pricing Supplement) and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, 
replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this S.O. Bond. References to the applicable 
Final Terms are, except in the case of a Swedish S.O. Bond to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this S.O. Bond. In the case of a Swedish S.O. Bond, reference herein to the 
applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) prepared by the 
Issuer in relation to the Swedish S.O. Bonds. If this S.O. Bond is an Exempt S.O. Bond, any reference in these 
Terms and Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing 
Supplement where relevant. The expression EU Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended). 
Any reference to S.O. Bondholders or holders in relation to any S.O. Bonds shall mean the holders of the S.O. 
Bonds and shall, in relation to any S.O. Bonds represented by a Global S.O. Bond and any Swedish S.O. Bond, 
be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means S.O. Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of S.O. Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of S.O. Bonds which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The S.O. Bondholders (other than the holders of Swedish S.O. Bonds) and the Couponholders are entitled to the 
benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 7 May 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of 
Covenant is held by the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the S.O. Bonds are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this S.O. Bond is an Exempt S.O. Bond, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by an S.O. Bondholder holding one or more S.O. Bonds and such S.O. 
Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of 
such S.O. Bonds and identity. The S.O. Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and 
are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Terms and Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
The S.O. Bonds are in bearer form or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, in registered, uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended (the SFIA Act) 
and, in the case of Definitive S.O. Bonds, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. S.O. Bonds of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for S.O. Bonds of another Specified Denomination. S.O. Bonds 
(other than Swedish S.O. Bonds) may not be exchanged for Swedish S.O. Bonds and vice versa. 
This S.O. Bond may be a Fixed Rate S.O. Bond, a Floating Rate S.O. Bond, a Zero Coupon S.O. Bond or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive S.O. Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer S.O. Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer S.O. Bond or 
Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global S.O. 
Bond, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the S.O. Bonds is represented by a Global S.O. Bond held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such S.O. Bonds (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such 
S.O. Bonds standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such S.O. Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal 
amount of such S.O. Bonds, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global S.O. Bond shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such S.O. Bonds in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global S.O. Bond and the expressions S.O. Bondholder and holder of S.O. 
Bonds and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
S.O. Bonds which are represented by a Global S.O. Bond will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Title to the Swedish S.O. Bonds shall pass by registration in the book-entry system and register maintained by 
Euroclear Sweden (the Euroclear Sweden Register). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
as required by law, the holder of any Swedish S.O. Bond shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest 
in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. In these Conditions in relation to Swedish S.O. Bonds 
only, S.O. Bondholder or holder of Swedish S.O. Bonds means, as the context requires, the person in whose 
name a Swedish S.O. Bond is registered in the Euroclear Sweden Register and shall also include any person duly 
authorised to act as a nominee (förvaltare) and registered as a holder of the Swedish S.O. Bonds. Where a nominee 
(förvaltare) in accordance with the SFIA Act is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer and the Swedish 
Issuing Agent as the holder of the relevant Swedish S.O. Bonds.  
One or more Swedish S.O. Bonds may be transferred in accordance with the regulations and operating procedures 
applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden from time to time (the Euroclear Sweden Rules). No holder of 
Swedish S.O. Bonds may require the transfer of a Swedish S.O. Bond to be registered during a period which is 
the equivalent of any such closed period (if any) pursuant to the then applicable rules and procedures of Euroclear 
Sweden. 
Exchange and transfer of Swedish S.O. Bonds on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of a call or 
a put option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Swedish Issuing Agent, but upon 
payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Swedish Issuing Agent may require).  
Swedish S.O. Bonds registered in Euroclear Sweden are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions 
on free negotiability under Swedish law.  
No physical Swedish S.O. Bonds or certificates will be issued in respect of the Swedish S.O. Bonds and the 
provisions in these Conditions relating to presentation, surrender or replacement of such physical Swedish S.O. 
Bonds or certificates shall not apply to the Swedish S.O. Bonds. 
2.
Status of the S.O. Bonds 
The S.O. Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. The S.O. Bonds are obligations issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of 
Covered Bonds and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the same 
priority as debt instruments issued in accordance with the terms of the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
3.
This Condition 3 has been left blank intentionally 
4.
Interest 
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate S.O. Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (or, in 
the case of each Fixed Rate S.O. Bond which is a Swedish S.O. Bond, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or, if the applicable Final Terms specifies 
that an Extended Final Maturity Date applies, the Extended Final Maturity Date or any earlier Interest 
Payment Date on which the S.O. Bonds are redeemed in full (or, in the case of each Fixed Rate S.O. 
Bond which is a Swedish S.O. Bond, to (and including) the Maturity Date or, if the applicable Final 
Terms specifies that an Extended Final Maturity Date applies, the Extended Final Maturity Date or any 
earlier Interest Payment Date on which the S.O. Bonds are redeemed in full), provided that any amounts 
representing interest payable after the Maturity Date shall be paid at such rate and on such dates as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
If the S.O. Bonds are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on such 
date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of S.O. Bonds in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds which are represented by a Global S.O. Bond, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds represented by such Global S.O. Bond;  
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; and  
(C) 
in the case of Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds which are Swedish S.O. Bonds, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate S.O. Bond;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate S.O. Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate S.O. Bond shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of S.O. Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, from (but excluding)) the most recent 
Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
(or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including)) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of S.O. Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days

--- Page 162 ---
162 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii)
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, from (but excluding)) the most recent Interest 
Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) (or, in the case 
of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including)) the relevant payment date (such number of days being 
calculated on the basis of 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Determination Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date (or, in the case of 
Swedish S.O. Bonds, from (but excluding) a Determination Date) to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including) the next Determination 
Date); 
Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, from (but excluding) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date)) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date 
(or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date);  
Interest Commencement Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Interest Payment Date has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates Each Floating Rate S.O. Bond bears interest from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date (or, in the case of each Floating Rate S.O. Bond which is a Swedish 
S.O. Bond, from (but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date) and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an Interest Payment Date) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) 
provided that in the case of each Floating Rate S.O. Bond which is a Swedish S.O. Bond, such 
expression shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (but excluding) an Interest 
Payment Date (or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date) to (and including) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:

--- Page 163 ---
163 
(1)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(ii)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the S.O. Bonds (the 
ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds (other than Floating Rate S.O. 
Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being any of 
EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Financial Centre Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR 
(1)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR: 
(a)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of S.O. Bonds 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the S.O. Bonds for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 4(b)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(b)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of S.O. Bonds 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the S.O. Bonds for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 4(b)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the

--- Page 165 ---
165 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(2)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(a)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(b)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 4(d) 
(Benchmark Replacement), in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the S.O. Bonds, for 
so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the 
Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds or the Agency Agreement are required in 
order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in order to determine the 
Rate of Interest, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to act until such 
amendments or modifications have been made in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and the Agency Agreement. No consent of the 
Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting any amendment or 
modification in accordance with the foregoing, including for the execution of any 
documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the 
Agency Agreement (if required). 
(3)
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(4)
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(5)
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C): 
Applicable Period means:

--- Page 166 ---
166 
(A)   where Lag or Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and  
(B)   where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Business Day or BD means (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; (ii) where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be 
closed other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the 
period from (and including) the date falling z London Banking Days prior to (but 
excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date in relation to such Interest 
Period; and (iii) where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) 
(in the case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the 
website of the 
European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., 
(Central European Time) on the euro Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date (such period not to be not less than five Business Days without the Calculation 
Agent’s prior written agreement); 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
ni, for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following 
Business Day; 
New York Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling p Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
p Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the S.O. Bonds become 
due and payable); 
p means, for any Interest Period:  
(A)  where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that p shall not be less 
than three Business Days at any time and shall not be less than z London 
Banking Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent 
(or, if no such number is specified five Business Days); 
(B)  where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; 
(C)  where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that p shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall 
not be less than z London Banking Days without the prior written agreement 
of the Calculation Agent (or if no such number is specified, five Business 
Days); 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than 
any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
r means: 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the Reference Rate in 
respect of such Business Day; or 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; and in respect of any Business Day i falling during the 
Lock-out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the 
Lock-out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and 
shall not be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business 
Days prior to each Interest Payment Date), the Reference Rate in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding the last Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Business Day coinciding with the relevant 
Interest Determination Date);  
ri means, the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for:  
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Observation Period) falling p Business Days prior to the relevant Business 
Day i; or 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Business Day i; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. 
(New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day; 
SONIA means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;  
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities;  
Weighted Average Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during such 
Interest Period (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) (in the 
case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards:  
[∑(𝑟𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝐷
𝑑
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
where: 
Business Day, BD, D, d, do, i, n and p have the meanings given to them in the 
provision relating to Compounded Daily Reference Rate specified above; 
ri means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A)  where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day falling p Business Days 
prior to such day i; 
(B) where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A)

--- Page 169 ---
169 
above, except that in respect of each Business Day i falling during the Lock-
out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the Lock-
out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall not 
be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A) above in respect 
of the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); and 
(C) where in the applicable Final Terms Shift is specified as the Observation 
Method in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Reference Rate in respect of that day i; and 
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
(iii)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate S.O. Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A)
in the case of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds which are represented by a Global S.O. Bond, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds represented by such Global S.O. 
Bond;  
(B)
in the case of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; or 
(C)
in the case of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds which are Swedish S.O. Bonds, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate S.O. Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such S.O. Bond shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 171 ---
171 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall instruct the Principal Paying Agent to 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to it. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Swedish Issuing Agent (in the 
case of Swedish S.O. Bonds) and any stock exchange on which the Floating Rate S.O. Bonds are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the Floating Rate S.O. Bonds are for the 
time being listed and to the S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes 
of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
(vii)
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b), by 
the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Swedish Issuing Agent and all S.O. Bondholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
S.O. Bondholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c)
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date if Extended Final Maturity applies 
(i)
If Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Issuer has failed to pay (in full) the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each S.O. Bond shall bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
4(c) on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Maturity Date (or, in the case of 
Swedish S.O. Bonds, from (but excluding) the Maturity Date) to (but excluding) the earlier of the 
Interest Payment Date upon which the S.O. Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Final 
Maturity Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including) the earlier of the Interest 
Payment Date upon which the S.O. Bonds are redeemed in full and the Extended Final Maturity 
Date), subject to Condition 4(d). In such circumstances, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period falling after the Maturity Date, and the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of such Interest Period, shall be determined by the Agent in accordance with 
Condition 4(b), mutatis mutandis, and the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii)
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(c), 
whether by the Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all S.O. Bondholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the S.O. Bondholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(iii)
This Condition 4(c) shall only apply to a Series of S.O. Bonds if the Issuer fails to redeem such 
Series of S.O. Bonds (in full) at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) on the Maturity Date and the maturity of such S.O. Bonds is automatically extended 
to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6(a). 
(d)
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference 
Rate, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (in consultation with the Issuer) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than five 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the S.O. Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
provisions of this Condition 4(d)); 
(ii)
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for 
the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of 
eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting

--- Page 173 ---
173 
in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(iii)
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or 
reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and 
the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the date falling not less than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (iii), the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iv)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant 
Screen Page in relation to the S.O. Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
provisions of this Condition 4(d));  
(v)
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also specify changes to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the S.O. Bonds, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the S.O. Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes shall 
apply to the S.O. Bonds for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent 
provisions of this Condition 4(d)); 
(vii)
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Agent, the Swedish 
Issuing Agent and the S.O. Bondholders;  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d), if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 4(d), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
Such benchmark replacement shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities unless such party 
consents. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines should be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of 
the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or option 
provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to S.O. 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i)
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered;  
(ii)
public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) that it will 
cease publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate);  
(iii)
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v)
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any S.O. Bondholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines is a successor to or replacement of 
the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body 
Independent Adviser. 
(e)
Accrual of interest 
Each S.O. Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of an S.O. Bond, that part only of such 
S.O. Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will 
continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such S.O. 
Bond has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the S.O. 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
5.
Payments 
(a)
Method of payment
Subject as provided below: 
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms and Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the S.O. Bonds or Coupons for, or on account of, 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(b)
Presentation of Definitive S.O. Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive S.O. Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive S.O. Bonds, and payments of interest in respect 
of Definitive S.O. Bonds will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds in definitive form (other than Long Maturity S.O. Bonds (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons),

--- Page 176 ---
176 
failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined below) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate S.O. Bond in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date 
or, as the case may be, the Extended Final Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining 
thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate S.O. Bond or Long Maturity S.O. Bond in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity S.O. Bond is a Fixed Rate S.O. Bond (other than a Fixed 
Rate S.O. Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such S.O. Bond shall cease to be a Long Maturity S.O. 
Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such S.O. Bond. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive S.O. Bond is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such S.O. Bond from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant Definitive S.O. Bond. 
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such due 
date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(c)
Payments in respect of Global S.O. Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of S.O. Bonds represented by any Global S.O. Bond 
will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to Definitive S.O. 
Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global S.O. Bond, where applicable, against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global S.O. Bond at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any 
payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global S.O. Bond either by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable. 
(d)
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global S.O. Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of S.O. 
Bonds represented by such Global S.O. Bond and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global S.O. Bond in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of S.O. Bonds represented by such Global S.O. Bond must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such Global S.O. Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer S.O. Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such S.O. Bonds will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(i)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at 
such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the 
Bearer S.O. Bonds in the manner provided above when due;

--- Page 177 ---
177 
(ii)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(e)
Payments in respect of Swedish S.O. Bonds 
Payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Swedish S.O. Bonds shall be made to the S.O. 
Bondholders which are registered in the Euroclear Sweden Register as such on the fifth business day (as 
defined by the then applicable Euroclear Sweden Rules) before the due date for such payment, such day 
being a Stockholm Business Day, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as then may 
be stipulated in Euroclear Sweden Rules and will be made in accordance with the Euroclear Sweden 
Rules. Such day shall be the Record Date in respect of the Swedish S.O. Bonds in accordance with the 
Euroclear Sweden Rules. 
In these Terms and Conditions, Stockholm Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in Stockholm. 
(f)
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any S.O. Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place 
and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A)
in the case of S.O. Bonds in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(B)
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
(g)
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the S.O. Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the S.O. Bonds; 
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the S.O. Bonds; 
(iii) 
in relation to Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(e)); and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the S.O. Bonds. 
6.
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each S.O. Bond will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at (i) if the S.O. Bonds are not Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds, 100 per cent of its 
nominal amount, or (ii) if the S.O. Bonds are Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds, its Final Redemption Amount

--- Page 178 ---
178 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date, subject as provided below if Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of S.O. Bonds and 
the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date specified in the 
Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be 
automatically deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing 
the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter (in the case of S.O. Bonds other than Swedish S.O. 
Bonds) up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date and (in the case of Swedish S.O. 
Bonds) up to (but excluding) the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four 
business days in London prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer to pay in full the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of S.O. Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer 
to notify the Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights 
in any such party and shall not constitute a default. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a relevant Series of S.O. Bonds provides that such S.O. Bonds are 
subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity Date shall 
not constitute a default in payment. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
Extended Final Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of S.O. Bonds, the date (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, being a date falling no later than 12 months from the Maturity 
Date, to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the 
Maturity Date. 
(b)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i)
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the S.O. Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 12; and 
(ii)
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and (in respect of 
Swedish S.O. Bonds) shall further specify the applicable closed period), redeem all or some only of the 
S.O. Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not more 
than a Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In 
the case of a partial redemption of S.O. Bonds, the S.O. Bonds to be redeemed (Redeemed S.O. Bonds) 
will (i) in the case of Redeemed S.O. Bonds represented by Definitive S.O. Bonds, be selected 
individually by lot, (ii) in the case of Redeemed S.O. Bonds represented by a Global S.O. Bonds, be 
selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal 
amount, at their discretion) and (iii) in the case of Redeemed S.O. Bonds which are Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
in accordance with the Euroclear Sweden Rules (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear Sweden as a 
reduction in nominal amount), in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
In the case of Redeemed S.O. Bonds represented by Definitive S.O. Bonds, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed S.O. Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
(c)
Purchases

--- Page 179 ---
179 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase S.O. Bonds (provided that, in the 
case of Definitive S.O. Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. All S.O. Bonds so purchased will be surrendered 
to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(d)
Cancellation 
All S.O. Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All S.O. Bonds so 
cancelled and the S.O. Bonds purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (c) above (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be 
reissued or resold. 
(e)
Late payment on Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon S.O. Bond upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
S.O. Bond pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond shall be an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Amortised Face Amount = RP x ( 1 + AY) x where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
x is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date (or, in the case of Swedish 
S.O. Bonds, from (but excluding) the Issue Date) of the first Tranche of the Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds to 
(but excluding) (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including)) the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12, 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, from 
(but excluding) the Issue Date) of the first Tranche of the Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds to (but excluding) 
(or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including)) the date which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12, 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date (or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, from 
(but excluding) the Issue Date) of the first Tranche of the Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds to (but excluding) 
(or, in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, to (and including)) the date which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12, 
and the denominator will be 365.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
7.
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the S.O. Bonds and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law, in which case such deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having the power to tax. 
8.
Prescription 
The S.O. Bonds and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date 
(as defined in Condition 5) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for payment 
in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5(b) or any Talon which would be void 
pursuant to Condition 5(b). 
9.
Replacement of S.O. Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
Should any S.O. Bond, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced S.O. Bonds, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 9 shall not apply to the Swedish S.O. Bonds. 
10.
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional Paying 
Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided 
that so long as S.O. Bonds or Swedish S.O. Bonds remain outstanding: 
(a)
there will at all times be an Agent;  
(b)
so long as the S.O. Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or relevant authority, there will at all times 
be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations 
of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority); and 
(c)
in the case of Swedish S.O. Bonds, there will at all times be a Swedish Paying Agent with a specified 
office in Sweden and a registrar, which shall be Euroclear Sweden, provided that, such Swedish Issuing 
Agent is duly authorised by Euroclear Sweden. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 5(d). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying 
Agents will be given to the S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any S.O. Bondholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying 
agent. 
11.
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any

--- Page 181 ---
181 
other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not 
include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the S.O. Bond to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
12.
Notices 
All notices regarding the S.O. Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial 
Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with 
the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the S.O. Bonds are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any Definitive S.O. Bonds are issued, there may, so long as any Global S.O. Bonds representing 
the S.O. Bonds are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the S.O. Bonds and, in addition, for so long as any S.O. 
Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or such other relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of 
general circulation in the place or places required by that stock exchange or any other relevant authority. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the S.O. Bonds on the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any S.O. Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any S.O. Bond in definitive form) with the relative S.O. Bond or S.O. Bonds, with the Agent. Whilst any 
of the S.O. Bonds are represented by a Global S.O. Bond, such notice may be given by any holder of an S.O. 
Bond to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Notices in respect of Swedish S.O. Bonds will be in writing, addressed to such S.O. Bondholders at the address 
appearing in the Euroclear Sweden Register maintained by Euroclear Sweden in accordance with Euroclear 
Sweden Rules, and will be deemed to have been validly given on the fourth Stockholm Business Day after the 
date of such mailing. 
13.
Provision of Information  
In relation to Swedish S.O. Bonds, each S.O. Bondholder agrees and gives consent to Euroclear Sweden to provide 
to the Swedish Issuing Agent, upon request, information registered with Euroclear Sweden relating to the Swedish 
S.O. Bonds and the holders of the Swedish S.O. Bonds in order that the Swedish Issuing Agent may provide any 
relevant Swedish authorities, including the Financial Supervisory Authority of Sweden (Finansinspektionen) and 
the Swedish tax authorities, with any information required under applicable Swedish laws. Such information shall 
include, but not be limited to, the identity of the registered holder of the Swedish S.O. Bonds, the residency of the 
registered holder of the Swedish S.O. Bonds, the number of Swedish S.O. Bonds registered with the relevant 
holder, the address of the relevant holder, the account operator in respect of the relevant Euroclear Sweden account 
(Kontoförande) and whether or not the Swedish S. O. Bonds are registered in the name of a nominee and the 
identity of any such nominee. 
In order to comply with these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and a Swedish Issuing Agent, may collect and 
process personal data about the holder of the Swedish S.O. Bonds.  
14.
Meetings of S.O. Bondholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the S.O. Bondholders (other than in respect 
of meetings of the holders of Swedish S.O. Bonds) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the S.O. Bonds, the Coupons or any of the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or S.O. Bondholders holding not less 
than ten per cent in nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent in nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing S.O. Bondholders whatever the nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds so

--- Page 182 ---
182 
held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the S.O. Bonds or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the S.O. Bonds or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable 
in respect of the S.O. Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the S.O. Bonds or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than one-third in nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds for the time being outstanding. The Agency Agreement 
provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent in nominal amount of the S.O. Bonds 
for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent in nominal 
amount of the S.O. Bonds for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the S.O. Bondholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the S.O. Bondholders will be binding 
on all the S.O. Bondholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the S.O. Bondholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the S.O. Bonds, the Coupons or Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the S.O. Bondholders; or 
(b)
any modification of the S.O. Bonds, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor 
or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the S.O. Bondholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
The amended and restated programme agreement dated 7 May 2021 (as supplemented and/or amended and/or 
restated from time to time prior to the Issue Date of a Series of Swedish S.O. Bonds) contains provisions regarding 
meetings of holders of Swedish S.O. Bonds to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by a resolution of holders of a modification of the Swedish S.O. Bonds.  Such provisions shall have 
effect as if incorporated herein.  
In respect of any Series of Swedish S.O. Bonds, the Swedish Issuing Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the 
consent of the holders of the Swedish S.O. Bonds, to: 
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
provided for in the provisions relating to meetings of holders of Swedish S.O. Bonds) of the Swedish 
S.O. Bonds which is not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of Swedish S.O. Bonds; or 
(b)
any modification of the Swedish S.O. Bonds which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of Swedish S.O. Bonds and any such modification shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The Swedish Issuing Agent shall prior to and in connection with meetings of S.O. Bondholders, and otherwise as 
and when required to carry out its duties under these Conditions, be entitled to obtain information from the register 
of S.O. Bondholders kept by Euroclear Sweden in respect of the Swedish S.O. Bonds (skuldbok), provided that
this is permitted under the Euroclear Sweden Rules. The Swedish Issuing Agent may use the information only for 
the purposes of carrying out its duties and exercising its rights in respect of the issue and shall not disclose such 
information to the Issuer, a holder of Swedish S.O. Bonds or any third party unless necessary for such purposes. 
15.
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the S.O. Bondholders or the Couponholders 
to create and issue further covered bonds in accordance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds 
having terms and conditions the same as the S.O. Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount and date

--- Page 183 ---
183 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall 
be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding S.O. Bonds. 
16.
Third Party Rights 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term 
of this S.O. Bond, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
17.
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the S.O. Bonds and the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the S.O. 
Bonds and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law except 
that the provisions of the S.O. Bonds under Condition 2 are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of Sweden. 
(b)
Submission to jurisdiction 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the S.O. Bonds, and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the S.O. Bonds and/or the Coupons (a 
Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer and any S.O. Bondholders or Couponholders in relation to 
any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(c)
For the purposes of this Condition 17, each of the Issuer and any S.O. Bondholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(d)
Swedish S.O. Bonds 
Without prejudice to Conditions 17(a) to (d) above, Swedish law and jurisdiction will be applicable with 
regard to the registration of Swedish S.O. Bonds in Euroclear Sweden. 
Notwithstanding that, under the SFIA Act or the Euroclear Sweden Rules (together, the Swedish 
Remedies), holders of Swedish S.O. Bonds may have remedies against the Issuer for non-payment or 
non-performance under the Conditions applicable to such Swedish S.O. Bonds, a holder of Swedish S.O. 
Bonds must first exhaust all available remedies under English law for non-payment or non-performance 
before any suit, action or proceeding may be brought against the Issuer in Sweden in respect of the 
Swedish Remedies. Notwithstanding Condition 17(e), and in this limited respect only, a holder of 
Swedish S.O. Bonds may therefore not take a concurrent suit, action or proceeding in Sweden.  
(e)
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its registered office at 5 
Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the 
event of Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
(f)
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
18.
Swedish Statutory Bail-in Powers

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the S.O. Bonds or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any S.O. Bondholder (which, for the purposes of 
this Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the S.O. Bonds), by its acquisition of the 
S.O. Bonds, each S.O. Bondholder acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be bound by the exercise of, any 
Bail-in Power by the Swedish National Debt Office (Riksgäldskontoret) or any successor or replacement 
thereto and/or such other authority which has the ability to exercise any Bail-in Power in relation to the 
Issuer (the Relevant Resolution Authority) that may result in the write-down or cancellation of all, or 
a portion, of the principal amount of, or payments of interest or other distributions on, the S.O. Bonds 
and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or payments of interest or other 
distributions on, the S.O. Bonds into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the S.O. Bonds to give effect to the exercise by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in Power. Each S.O. Bondholder further acknowledges 
and agrees that the rights of the S.O. Bondholders are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as 
to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Sweden, including but not limited to 
any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of the BRRD, the Resolution Act (Lag (2015:1016) om resolution) and/or the Precautionary 
Support Act (Lag (2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) as amended or replaced 
from time to time and any instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which 
liabilities of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified and/or converted 
into shares or other securities or obligations of the Issuer or any other person. BRRD means Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 
June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the Bail-in Power or the date from which the Bail-in Power shall be effective with respect to the S.O. 
Bonds, the Issuer shall notify the S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 12 without delay. Any 
delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the 
Bail-in Power nor the effects on the S.O. Bonds described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the S.O. Bonds 
shall not constitute an Event of Default and these Conditions shall continue to apply in relation to the 
residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the S.O. Bonds, subject to 
any modification of the amount of interest or other distributions payable to reflect the reduction of the 
principal amount, and any further modification of these Conditions that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of 
credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Sweden. 
Each S.O. Bondholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Bail-in Power to the S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE VPS S.O. BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds. VPS S.O. Bonds will not be evidenced by any 
physical bond or document of title other than a statement of account made by the VPS. Ownership of VPS S.O. 
Bonds will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book-entry system and register maintained by the 
VPS. If the relevant VPS S.O. Bonds are Exempt S.O. Bonds, the applicable Pricing Supplement may specify other 
terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such VPS S.O. Bonds. 
The VPS S.O. Bonds are issued in accordance with the Swedish Act (2003:1223) on issuance of Covered Bonds 
(Lag (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds). 
Each VPS S.O. Bond will be one of a Series (as defined below) of VPS S.O. Bonds issued by the Issuer and each 
VPS S.O. Bond will be issued in accordance with and subject to the trust agreement (such trust agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the VPS Trustee Agreement) dated 4 May 2020 
made between the Issuer and Nordic Trustee AS (the VPS Trustee, which expression shall include any successor 
as Trustee). 
References herein to the VPS S.O. Bonds shall be references to the VPS S.O. Bonds of this Series and shall mean 
S.O. Bonds registered in in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 March 
2019 no. 6 in a Securities Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities depositories 
(CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the 
European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 236/2012)  which unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms will be the 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (VPS S.O. Bonds and the VPS, respectively). 
The VPS S.O. Bonds have the benefit of the VPS Agency Agreement dated 24 June 2008 as amended by the VPS 
Agency Amendment Agreements dated 17 June 2009, 25 May 2010, 31 May 2011 and 29 May 2013 (together, 
the VPS Agency Agreement) between the Issuer and DNB Bank ASA (the VPS Agent). 
Each Tranche of VPS S.O. Bonds will be created and held in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form in accounts with the VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the Issuer in respect of all dealings with 
the VPS in respect of VPS S.O. Bonds as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement. 
The final terms for each Tranche of VPS S.O. Bonds (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of 
the Final Terms which complete these terms and conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds (the VPS S.O. Bond 
Conditions) or, if the VPS S.O. Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the EU Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt S.O. Bond), the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of a pricing supplement relating to the VPS S.O. Bonds (the Pricing 
Supplement) and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions, replace or modify these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions for the 
purposes of the VPS S.O. Bonds. References to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) prepared by the Issuer in relation to the relevant VPS S.O. Bonds. If the VPS S.O. 
Bonds are Exempt S.O. Bonds, any reference in these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be 
deemed to include a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. The expression EU 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
The VPS Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the VPS S.O. Bonds (the VPS S.O. 
Bondholders and the holders of VPS S.O. Bonds), in accordance with the provisions of the VPS Trustee 
Agreement and these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions. 
As used herein, Tranche means VPS S.O. Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of VPS S.O. Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of VPS S.O. Bonds which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the VPS Agent and at the registered office for the time being of the VPS 
Trustee being at 7 May 2021 at Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1, N-0160, Oslo, Norway. If the VPS S.O. Bonds

--- Page 186 ---
186 
are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Oslo Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will 
be published on the website of Oslo Børs (Oslo Stock Exchange) (https://www.euronext.com). The VPS S.O. 
Bondholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the VPS Agency 
Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in 
these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the VPS 
Agency Agreement and the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the VPS Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the VPS Trustee Agreement and the 
VPS Agency Agreement, the VPS Trustee Agreement will prevail, and in the event of inconsistency between the 
VPS Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail. 
In these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
The VPS S.O. Bonds are in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in the denomination of 
NOK 500,000 and/or such other currency and Specified Denomination(s) as shown in Part A of the relevant Final 
Terms provided that in the case of any S.O. Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant S.O. Bonds) and will be registered with a separate securities identification code in the VPS. 
VPS S.O. Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for S.O. Bonds, VPS or otherwise, of 
another Specified Denomination. VPS S.O. Bonds will be registered with a separate securities identification code 
in the VPS. 
VPS S.O. Bonds may be Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds, Floating Rate S.O. Bonds, Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
The holder of a VPS S.O. Bond will be the person evidenced as such by a book-entry in the records of the VPS. 
The Issuer and the VPS Trustee may rely on a certificate of the VPS or one issued on behalf of the VPS by an 
account-carrying institution as to a particular person being a VPS S.O. Bondholder. 
Title to the VPS S.O. Bonds will pass by registration in the VPS between the direct or indirect accountholders at 
the VPS in accordance with the rules and procedures of the VPS that are in force from time to time. Where a 
nominee is so evidenced, it shall be treated by the Issuer as the holder of the relevant VPS S.O. Bond. 
Each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of the VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such VPS S.O. Bonds shall be treated by the Issuer, 
the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent, as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS S.O. Bonds for all 
purposes. VPS S.O. Bonds will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of the VPS. 
2.
Status of the VPS S.O. Bonds 
Each Tranche of VPS S.O. Bonds constitute unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. The VPS S.O. Bonds are obligations issued in accordance with the Swedish 
Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided the same priority as debt instruments issued in accordance with the terms of the Swedish Act on Issuance 
of Covered Bonds. 
3.
This Condition 3 has been left blank intentionally 
4.
Interest 
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate S.O. Bonds

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Each Fixed Rate S.O. Bond bears interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or, if the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Final Maturity 
Date applies, the Extended Final Maturity Date or any earlier Interest Payment Date on which the S.O. 
Bonds are redeemed in full, provided that any amounts representing interest payable after the Maturity 
Date shall be paid at such rate and on such dates as specified in the Final Terms. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
In these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions: 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a): 
(i)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of VPS S.O. Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of VPS S.O. Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii)
if 30/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of 
12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Determination Period means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding the 
next Determination Date; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
(i)
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate S.O. Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an Interest Payment Date) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these 
VPS S.O. Bond Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4(b)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System 
(the TARGET2 System) is open.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(ii)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent 
under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and 
as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the S.O. Bonds (the 
ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(1)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating 
Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds (other than Floating Rate S.O. 
Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being any of 
EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on 
that service which displays the information) as at the Financial Centre Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1), 
no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(2), fewer than three 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two

--- Page 190 ---
190 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR)) or the Stockholm inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm inter-bank offered rate (STIBOR)) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian inter-bank offered 
rate (NIBOR)) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) or the 
Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B): 
(3)
Reference Banks means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the 
case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major 
banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market, and, in the case of a determination of 
NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the Oslo inter-bank market, 
in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(4)
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of a determination of STIBOR) or 12.00 
noon (Oslo time, in the case of a determination of NIBOR). 
(C)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate S.O. Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR 
(1)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(a)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of S.O. Bonds 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the S.O. Bonds for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 4(b)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(b)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of S.O. Bonds 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Weighted Average, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the S.O. Bonds for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 4(b)(iii) 
(Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest)) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date. 
(2)
Where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(a)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(b)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 4(d) 
(Benchmark Replacement), in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer and to the extent reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA rate, for purposes of the S.O. Bonds, for 
so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. To the extent that any amendments or modifications to the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds or the Agency Agreement are 
required in order for the Calculation Agent to follow such guidance in order to 
determine the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to act 
until such amendments or modifications have been made in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds and the Agency Agreement. No 
consent of the Bondholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
amendment or modification in accordance with the foregoing, including for the 
execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer or any of the 
parties to the Agency Agreement (if required). 
(3)
Where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first

--- Page 192 ---
192 
preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(4)
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 4(d) (Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
(5)
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(C): 
Applicable Period means: 
(A)   where Lag or Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; and  
(B)   where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Business Day or BD means (i) where SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; (ii) where SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be 
closed other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the 
period from (and including) the date falling z London Banking Days prior to (but 
excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date in relation to such Interest 
Period; and (iii) where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency 
(with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) 
(in the case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such 
rate), on the 
website of the 
European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m.,

--- Page 193 ---
193 
(Central European Time) on the euro Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
i means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to 
do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the 
Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment 
Date (such period not to be not less than five Business Days without the Calculation 
Agent’s prior written agreement); 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni, for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following 
Business Day; 
New York Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period 
from, and including, the date falling p Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
p Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the S.O. Bonds become 
due and payable); 
p means, for any Interest Period:  
(A)  where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that p shall not be less 
than three Business Days at any time and shall not be less than z London 
Banking Days without the prior written agreement of the Calculation Agent 
(or, if no such number is  specified five Business Days); 
(B)  where Lock-out is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero; 
(C)  where Observation Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that p shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall 
not be less than z London Banking Days without the prior written agreement 
of the Calculation Agent (or if no such number is specified, five Business 
Days); 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than 
any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
r means: 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the Reference Rate in 
respect of such Business Day; or

--- Page 194 ---
194 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; and in respect of any Business Day i falling during the 
Lock-out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the 
Lock-out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and 
shall not be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the 
Calculation Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business 
Days prior to each Interest Payment Date), the Reference Rate in respect of 
the Business Day immediately preceding the last Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Business Day coinciding with the relevant 
Interest Determination Date);  
ri means, the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of r above for: 
(A) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling p Business Days prior to the relevant Business 
Day i; or 
(B) 
where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out or Shift is specified as the 
Observation Method, the relevant Business Day i; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. 
(New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day; 
SONIA means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day;  
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities;  
Weighted Average Reference Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during such 
Interest Period (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to (i) (in the 
case of SOFR and €STR) the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards and (ii) (in the case of SONIA) the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards:  
[∑(𝑟𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝐷
𝑑

--- Page 195 ---
195 
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
where: 
Business Day, BD, D, d, do, i, n and p have the meanings given to them in the 
provision relating to Compounded Daily Reference Rate specified above; 
ri means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(A)  where in the applicable Final Terms Lag is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day falling p Business Days 
prior to such day i; 
(B) where in the applicable Final Terms Lock-out is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A) 
above, except that in respect of each Business Day i falling during the Lock-
out Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (provided that the Lock-
out Period shall not be less than three Business Days at any time and shall not 
be less than five Business Days without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent or, where no Lock-out Period is specified, five Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph (A) above in respect 
of the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference 
Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); and 
(C) where in the applicable Final Terms Shift is specified as the Observation 
Method in respect of any Business Day i falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the Reference Rate in respect of that day i; and 
z means, the number of London Banking Days specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, provided that z shall not be less than five London Banking Days 
without the prior written approval of the Calculation Agent, or if no such number 
is specified, five London Banking Days. 
(iii)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate S.O. Bonds, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on such Floating Rate S.O. Bonds in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the

--- Page 196 ---
196 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4(b): 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 197 ---
197 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1 )] +[30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1 )] +(𝐷2−𝐷1 )
360
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the VPS 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall instruct the Principal Paying Agent to 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer notifies to it. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the VPS Agent, the VPS 
Trustee and the VPS and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 10 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior

--- Page 198 ---
198 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate S.O. Bonds are 
for the time being listed and to the VPS S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London. The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, shall be made to the VPS in 
accordance with and subject to the VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(vii)
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(b) by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on all parties and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or the VPS Trustee (if applicable) in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c)
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date if Extended Final Maturity applies 
(i)
If Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Issuer has failed to pay (in full) the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each VPS S.O. Bond shall bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4(c) on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the earlier of the Interest Payment Date upon which the VPS S.O. Bonds are redeemed 
in full and the Extended Final Maturity Date, subject to Condition 4(d). In such circumstances, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period falling after the Maturity Date, and the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of such Interest Period, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 4(b), mutatis mutandis, and 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii)
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(c), by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding 
on all parties and (in the absence of wilful default and bad faith) no liability shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(iii)
This Condition 4(c) shall only apply to a Series of VPS S.O. Bonds if the Issuer fails to redeem 
such Series of VPS S.O. Bonds (in full) at their Final Redemption Amount (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Maturity Date and the maturity of such VPS S.O. Bonds is 
automatically extended to the Extended Final Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 6(a). 
(d)
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, if the Issuer (in consultation with the Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred when any Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to a Reference 
Rate, the following provisions shall apply: 
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (in consultation with the Issuer) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative rate (the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate) and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source (the 
Alternative Relevant Screen Page) and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no later than five 
Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the VPS S.O. Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent 
provisions of this Condition 4(d));

--- Page 199 ---
199 
(ii)
the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
acting in good faith agree has replaced the relevant Reference Rate in customary market usage for 
the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of 
eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting 
in good faith agree is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, and the Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(iii)
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser and the 
Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in customary market usage for purposes of determining floating rates of interest or 
reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it 
determines that there is no such rate, which (if any) rate is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer 
and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate; provided, however, that if this sub-paragraph (iii) applies and 
the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Benchmark Rate and Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page prior to the date falling not less than five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (iii), the Reference Rate applicable to such Interest Period shall be equal to the 
Reference Rate for a term equivalent to the relevant Interest Period published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period); 
(iv)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page 
is determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the Relevant 
Screen Page in relation to the VPS S.O. Bonds for all future Interest Periods (subject to the 
subsequent provisions of this Condition 4(d));  
(v)
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that (A) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(vi)
if a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also specify changes to the definitions of Day Count 
Fraction, Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest Determination Date and/or the 
definition of Reference Rate applicable to the VPS S.O. Bonds, and the method for determining 
the fallback rate in relation to the VPS S.O. Bonds, in order to follow market practice in relation 
to the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, which changes 
shall apply to the VPS S.O. Bonds for all future Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent provisions of this Condition 4(d)); and 
(vii)
the Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give 
notice thereof and of any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (vi) above to the Agent and the VPS 
S.O. Bondholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d), if in the Calculation Agent's opinion there is 
any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or

--- Page 200 ---
200 
calculation under this Condition 4(d), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and 
the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation 
Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
Such benchmark replacement shall not impose more onerous obligations on the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest or expose it to any additional duties or liabilities unless such party 
consents. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines should be applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), as a result of 
the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate with the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made, or option 
provided, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the spread, formula or methodology 
which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to VPS 
S.O. Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i)
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of 
such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered;  
(ii)
public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) that it will 
cease publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate);  
(iii)
public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that such 
Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that means that such Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or 
(v)
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any VPS S.O. Bondholder using the relevant Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with relevant experience in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): (i) the 
central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which

--- Page 201 ---
201 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and  
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) that 
the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) determines is a successor to or replacement of 
the relevant Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body 
Independent Adviser. 
(e)
Accrual of interest 
Each VPS S.O. Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a VPS S.O. Bond, that part only of 
such VPS S.O. Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon 
due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest 
will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such VPS S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such VPS 
S.O. Bond has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the VPS 
S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(f)
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in respect of the VPS S.O. Bonds and for so long as any VPS S.O. Bond is outstanding 
(as defined below). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the VPS S.O. 
Bonds, references in these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the VPS Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in 
such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
For the purpose hereof, outstanding means, in relation to the VPS S.O. Bonds of any Series, all such 
VPS S.O. Bonds issued other than: 
(a) 
those VPS S.O. Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these VPS S.O. 
Bond Conditions; 
(b) 
those VPS S.O. Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with these VPS 
S.O. Bond Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) 
accrued to the date for redemption and any interest (if any) payable under these VPS S.O. Bond 
Conditions after that date) have been duly paid to or to the order of the VPS Agent (and where 
appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the VPS S.O. Bondholder in accordance with 
these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions) and remain available for payment against presentation of the 
relevant VPS S.O. Bonds; 
(c) 
those VPS S.O. Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with these VPS 
S.O. Bond Conditions; and 
(d) 
those VPS S.O. Bonds in respect of which claims have become prescribed under these VPS S.O. 
Bond Conditions. 
5.
Payments 
(a)
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:

--- Page 202 ---
202 
(i)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and 
(ii)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of the VPS S.O. Bonds for, or on account of, any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
(b)
Payment of Principal and Interest 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS S.O. Bonds and notification thereof to VPS S.O. 
Bondholders will be made to the VPS S.O. Bondholders shown in the records of the VPS and will be 
effected through and in accordance with and subject to the VPS Agency Agreement and the rules and 
regulations from time to time governing the VPS. The VPS Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
VPS S.O. Bondholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the approval of the VPS Trustee to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional 
or other agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (a) a VPS Agent authorised to act as 
an account operating institution with the VPS, (b) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where these VPS 
S.O. Bond Conditions so require, and (c) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the VPS S.O. Bonds may be listed in each case. 
Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the VPS 
S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c)
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any VPS S.O. Bond is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
(d)
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions to principal in respect of the VPS S.O. Bonds shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i)
the Final Redemption Amount of the VPS S.O. Bonds; 
(ii)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the VPS S.O. Bonds; 
(iii)
in relation to Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
6(e)); and 
(iv)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the VPS S.O. Bonds. 
6.
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each VPS S.O. Bond will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at (i) if the VPS S.O. Bonds are not Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds, 100 per cent of its 
nominal amount, or (ii) if the VPS S.O. Bonds are Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds, its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided below if Extended Final Maturity is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
If Extended Final Maturity is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of VPS S.O. Bonds 
and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount in full on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Final Terms, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount by the Issuer shall be 
automatically deferred until the Extended Final Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing 
the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer 
on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the VPS Trustee and the VPS Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in 
any event at least four business days in London prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Issuer 
to pay in full the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of S.O. Bonds on that Maturity Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify the VPS Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party and shall not constitute a default. 
Where the applicably Final Terms for a relevant Series of VPS S.O. Bonds provides that such VPS S.O. 
Bonds are subject to an Extended Final Maturity Date, such failure to pay by the Issuer on the Maturity 
Date shall not constitute a default in payment. 
For the purposes of these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions: 
Extended Final Maturity Date means, in relation to any Series of VPS S.O. Bonds, the date (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, being a date falling no later than 12 months from the 
Maturity Date, to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount 
payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid 
in full on the Maturity Date. 
(b)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the VPS S.O. Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 10; and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the VPS S.O. Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or 
not more than a Higher Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of VPS S.O. Bonds, the VPS S.O. Bonds to be redeemed will 
be selected in accordance with the rules of the VPS not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(c)
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase VPS S.O. Bonds at any price in the 
open market or otherwise. 
(d)
Cancellation 
All VPS S.O. Bonds purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be cancelled 
by causing such VPS S.O. Bonds to be deleted from the records of the VPS. 
All VPS S.O. Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled in the same manner. Any VPS S.O. 
Bonds so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
VPS S.O. Bonds shall be discharged. 
(e)
Late payment on Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon S.O. Bond upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
S.O. Bond pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond shall be an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Amortised Face Amount = RP x ( 1 + AY) x where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
x is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360- day year 
consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Zero Coupon S.O. Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10, 
and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Zero Coupon S.O. 
Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10, 
and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Zero Coupon S.O. 
Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon S.O. Bond have been paid; and

--- Page 205 ---
205 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon S.O. Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
VPS S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10, 
and the denominator will be 365. 
7.
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS S.O. Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law, in which case such deduction will be made by the Issuer. 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden (Sweden) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having the power to tax. 
8.
Prescription 
The VPS S.O. Bonds will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date therefor. 
As used herein Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the VPS Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the VPS S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10. 
9.
Transfer and Exchange of VPS S.O. Bonds 
(i) 
Transfers of Interests in VPS S.O. Bonds 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS S.O. Bonds will take place two Oslo 
Business Days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS S.O. Bonds may be transferred between 
accountholders at the VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations, for the time being, of the 
VPS. A transfer of VPS S.O. Bonds which is held in the VPS through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to the VPS. For the purpose of this 
Condition, Oslo Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in Oslo. 
(ii) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of VPS S.O. Bonds under Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any VPS S.O. Bond, or part of a VPS S.O. Bond, called for partial redemption. 
(iii) 
Costs of registration and administration of the VPS Register 
VPS S.O. Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration, 
transfer or administration in relation to the VPS Register, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to 
the registration. 
10.
Notices 
Notices to the VPS S.O. Bondholders shall be valid if the relevant notice is given to the VPS for communication 
by it to the VPS S.O. Bondholders and, so long as the VPS S.O. Bond are listed on a stock exchange, the Issuer 
shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such exchange. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of delivery by the VPS. 
11.
Meetings of VPS S.O. Bondholders, Modification and Waiver  
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the VPS S.O. Bondholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of votes (as more fully set out in the VPS 
Trustee Agreement) a modification of the VPS S.O. Bonds or any of the provisions of the VPS Trustee Agreement

--- Page 206 ---
206 
(or, in certain cases, sanctioning by a majority of two thirds of votes). Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer, the VPS Trustee, Oslo Børs (Oslo Stock Exchange) or by VPS S.O. Bondholders holding not less than 10 
per cent of the Voting VPS S.O. Bonds. (For the purpose of this Condition, Voting VPS S.O. Bonds means the 
aggregate nominal amount of the total number of VPS S.O. Bonds not redeemed or otherwise deregistered in the 
VPS, less the VPS S.O. Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer or any 
party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.) 
The quorum at a meeting for passing a resolution is one or more persons holding at least one half of the Voting 
VPS S.O. Bonds or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing holders of Voting VPS 
S.O. Bonds whatever the nominal amount of the VPS S.O. Bonds so held or represented, except that at any meeting 
the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the VPS S.O. Bonds, the VPS Trustee 
Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the VPS S.O. Bonds or any date for payment of interest 
thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the VPS S.O. 
Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the VPS S.O. Bonds), the quorum shall be one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Voting VPS S.O. Bonds, or 
at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in aggregate 
nominal amount of the Voting VPS S.O. Bonds. A resolution passed at any meeting of the VPS S.O. Bondholders 
shall be binding on all the VPS S.O. Bondholders, whether or not they are present at such meeting. 
The VPS Trustee Agreement provides that: 
(a)
the VPS Trustee may in certain circumstances, without the consent of the VPS S.O. Bondholders, make 
decisions binding on all VPS S.O. Bondholders relating to these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions, the VPS 
Trustee Agreement or the VPS Agency Agreement or that is not, in the VPS Trustee's opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the VPS S.O. Bondholders; and 
(b)
the VPS Trustee may reach decisions binding for all VPS S.O. Bondholders. 
12.
VPS Trustee 
The VPS Trustee Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the VPS Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility. VPS S.O. Bondholders are deemed to have accepted and will be bound by these VPS S.O. Bond 
Conditions and the terms of the VPS Trustee Agreement. 
13.
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the VPS S.O. Bondholders to create and 
issue further covered bonds in accordance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds having terms and 
conditions the same as the VPS S.O. Bonds or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding VPS S.O. Bonds. 
14.
Third Party Rights 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term 
of a VPS S.O. Bond, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
15.
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing law 
The VPS S.O. Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS 
S.O. Bonds are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save as to Condition 
2 which is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Sweden and Conditions 
11, 12 and 13 which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. The 
VPS Trustee Agreement and VPS Agency Agreement are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. 
VPS S.O. Bonds must comply with the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 No. 64, as 
amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS S.O. Bonds will be entitled to the rights and are

--- Page 207 ---
207 
subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related regulations and 
legislation. 
(b)
Submission to jurisdiction 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the VPS S.O. Bonds, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the VPS S.O. Bonds (a Dispute) and accordingly each of 
the Issuer and any VPS S.O. Bondholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. 
(c)
For the purposes of this Condition 15, each of the Issuer and any VPS S.O. Bondholders in relation to 
any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(d)
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the VPS Trustee and the VPS S.O. Bondholders that the 
courts of Norway are to have jurisdiction to settle any Disputes which may arise out of, or in connection 
with, the VPS Trustee Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement. 
(e)
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council at its registered office at 5 
Upper Montagu Street, London W1H 2AG as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the 
event of Business Sweden  ̶  The Swedish Trade & Invest Council ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
16.
Swedish Statutory Bail-in Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the VPS S.O. Bonds or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between the Issuer and any VPS S.O. Bondholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the VPS S.O. Bonds), by its 
acquisition of the VPS S.O. Bonds, each VPS S.O. Bondholder acknowledges, accepts and agrees to be 
bound by the exercise of, any Bail-in Power by the Swedish National Debt Office (Riksgäldskontoret) or 
any successor or replacement thereto and/or such other authority which has the ability to exercise any 
Bail-in Power in relation to the Issuer (the Relevant Resolution Authority) that may result in the write-
down or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or payments of interest or other 
distributions on, the VPS S.O. Bonds and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount 
of, or payments of interest or other distributions on, the VPS S.O. Bonds into shares or other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the terms of the 
VPS S.O. Bonds to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Bail-in 
Power. Each VPS S.O. Bondholder further acknowledges and agrees that the rights of the VPS S.O. 
Bondholders are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, a Bail-in Power means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in Sweden, including but not limited to 
any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the 
context of the BRRD, the Resolution Act (Lag (2015:1016) om resolution) and/or the Precautionary 
Support Act (Lag (2015:1017) om förebyggande statligt stöd till kreditinstitut) as amended or replaced 
from time to time and any instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which 
liabilities of the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) can be reduced, cancelled, modified and/or converted 
into shares or other securities or obligations of the Issuer or any other person. BRRD means Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms dated 15 May 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 
June 2014, as amended or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Upon the Issuer being informed or notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual exercise 
of the Bail-in Power or the date from which the Bail-in Power shall be effective with respect to the VPS 
S.O. Bonds, the Issuer shall notify the VPS S.O. Bondholders in accordance with Condition 10 without 
delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give such notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability 
of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the VPS S.O. Bonds described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the VPS S.O. 
Bonds shall not constitute an Event of Default and these VPS S.O. Bond Conditions shall continue to 
apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect to, the 
VPS S.O. Bonds, subject to any modification of the amount of interest or other distributions payable to 
reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of these VPS S.O. Bond 
Conditions that the Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect 
and applicable in Sweden. 
Each VPS S.O. Bondholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of any Bail-in Power to the VPS S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF SWEDISH NOTES AND SWEDISH S.O. BONDS 
The following provisions are the provisions governing meetings of holders of Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. 
Bonds and are included in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 7 May 2021 (as supplemented 
and/or amended and/or restated from time to time prior to the issue date of the relevant Series of Swedish Notes 
or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be)). These provisions will be incorporated by reference in the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds" insofar as they relates to Swedish 
Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be).  
Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalised terms used in the following provisions shall have the same meaning 
as given to such terms in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or the "Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds" 
(as the case may be). 
1.
The Swedish Issuing Agent is entitled to convene a meeting for the holders of a Series of Swedish Notes 
or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be), and must convene a meeting for the holders of a Series of 
Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) at the request of (a) the relevant Dealer(s) 
appointed in respect of the original issue of such Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may 
be), (b) the Issuer or (c) the holder(s) of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) of 
such Series who, at the time of the request, represent at least one-tenth of the nominal amount outstanding 
of the relevant Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) for the time being 
outstanding (and such request may only be made by holders who are registered in the Euroclear Sweden 
Register on the next Stockholm Business Day after the day the request was received by the Swedish 
Issuing Agent and must be made together if a request is made by more than one holder of a Swedish Note 
or Swedish S.O. Bond (as the case may be)). 
2.
The Swedish Issuing Agent shall convene a meeting of holders of a Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish 
S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) by written notice to each holder, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
within five Stockholm Business Days of the date on which the request was received from the Issuer, the 
requisitioning holder(s) or the relevant Dealer(s) in accordance with paragraph 1 above (or such later 
date as necessary for technical or administrative reasons only). 
3.
The Swedish Issuing Agent may refrain from convening a meeting of holders of Swedish Notes or 
Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) if (a) the proposed resolution must be approved by a person in 
addition to the holders and this person has notified the Swedish Issuing Agent that such approval will not 
be given; or (b) the proposed resolution is not compatible with applicable law. 
4.
The notice given in accordance with paragraph 2 above shall contain (a) the time of the meeting; (b) the 
place of the meeting; (c) an agenda (including each request by a holder of Swedish Notes or Swedish 
S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) for a resolution); and (d) a proxy form. A decision may not be made at 
the meeting in respect of any matter that is not listed in the notice. If holders are required to announce 
their intention to participate in the meeting, the notice shall contain information regarding such 
requirement. 
5.
The meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen Stockholm Business Days and no later than thirty 
Stockholm Business Days after the notice given in accordance with paragraph 2 above. Meetings in 
respect of more than one Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds may be held on the same 
occasion. 
6.
Without deviating from these provisions relating to meetings of the holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish 
S.O. Bonds (as the case may be), the Swedish Issuing Agent may stipulate further provisions, as it deems 
appropriate, regarding the convening and holding of the meeting. Such provisions may, among other 
things, include provisions enabling holders to vote without attending the meeting in person or to allow 
the voting to take place electronically or through written voting procedures. 
7.
Any person other than a holder of a Swedish Note or Swedish S.O. Bonds wishing to exercise the rights 
of the holder thereof or vote at a meeting of the holders thereof must present a duly authorised power of 
attorney or other proof of authorisation from the relevant holder. A holder may issue more than one 
power of attorney to such person or persons to represent it in relation to some, or all, of the Swedish 
Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds held by such holder. Unless otherwise specified as a term of the relevant 
authorisation, any such duly authorised representative or attorney may act independently from the holder 
or any other duly authorised representative or attorney.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
8.
Only a person who has been issued a power of attorney in accordance with paragraph 7 above by someone 
who is a Noteholder on the fifth Stockholm Business Day prior to the scheduled date of the meeting of 
holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) (or such other period of time prior 
to the relevant meeting as is customary market practice in the market for bonds or notes cleared through 
Euroclear Sweden) (the Meeting Record Date) for the meeting may exercise voting rights at such 
meeting. The Swedish Issuing Agent may attend the meeting and shall ensure that an extract from the 
Euroclear Sweden Register on the Meeting Record Date for the Meeting is available at the meeting. 
9.
The holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be), the Swedish Issuing Agent, 
the Issuer and their respective representatives or assistants, are entitled to attend a meeting. The meeting 
may resolve that other persons may attend. The meeting may resolve that the Issuer and its representatives 
or assistants may only participate in a part or parts of the meeting. Representatives shall submit a duly 
issued power of attorney to be approved by the chairperson of the meeting. The meeting shall commence 
with the appointment of a chairperson, a secretary to take the minutes, and persons to attest the minutes. 
The chairperson shall prepare a list of holders that are present and entitled to vote at the meeting, with 
information on the proportion of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Swedish Notes 
or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) that is held by each respective holder (the Voting Register). 
The Voting Register shall thereafter be approved by the meeting. When applying these provisions, 
holders who have cast their vote via electronic voting, ballot paper or the equivalent shall be deemed to 
be present at the meeting. Only those who were holders or representatives for such holders on the Meeting 
Record Date are entitled to vote and shall be included in the Voting Register. The Issuer shall be granted 
access to the relevant voting calculations and the basis for these. The minutes shall be completed as soon 
as possible and made available to holders, the Issuer and the Swedish Issuing Agent. 
10.
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at least 90 per cent 
of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as 
the case may be) for which holders are voting under at the meeting: 
(a)
other than in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, any modification of the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be), reduction or cancellation 
of the nominal amount payable upon maturity, any change in the terms relating to interest, interest rate 
or the calculation thereof in respect of the relevant Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as 
the case may be) or any reduction or cancellation of the amount payable;  
(b)
any modification of the currency in which payments under the relevant Series of Swedish Notes or 
Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) are to be made; 
(c)
any modification of the provisions in respect of meetings of holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. 
Bonds set out in paragraphs 1 to 23;  
(d)
the substitution of the Issuer; or 
(e)
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. 
Bonds for, or the conversion of the Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds into, or the cancellation of the 
Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, 
debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or 
to be formed, or for or into or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of shares, 
stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated above 
and partly for or into or in consideration of cash. 
11.
Matters which are not covered by paragraph 10 require the approval of holders representing more than 
50 per cent of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. 
Bonds (as the case may be) for which holders are voting under at the meeting. This includes, but is not 
limited to, amendments and waivers of rights in relation to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or 
Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) which do not require a greater majority 
(other than changes in accordance with Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and 
Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification and Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds) and acceleration of the relevant 
Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be).

--- Page 211 ---
211 
12.
A quorum at a meeting of holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) requires 
the presence of holders, in person or via telephone (or by a representative with a power of attorney), 
representing at least 50 per cent of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Series Swedish Notes 
or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) for matters listed in paragraph 10 above and, for any other 
matter, 20 per cent of the nominal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish 
S.O. Bonds (as the case may be). 
13.
If the meeting of holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) has not met the 
necessary quorum requirements, the Swedish Issuing Agent shall convene a new meeting (in accordance 
with paragraph 2) provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the person or entity 
requesting the meeting. The quorum requirement in paragraph 12 shall not apply to such new meeting. 
If the meeting has met the quorum requirement for some, but not all, matters which are to be resolved on 
in the meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters for which a quorum is present, and any other 
matter shall be referred to a new meeting. 
14.
A decision at a meeting of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) which imposes 
new obligations on, or limits the rights of, the Issuer, the Swedish Issuing Agent, the Agent, any 
Calculation Agent, any Independent Adviser or a Dealer under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or 
the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) requires the written approval of the 
relevant party. 
15.
A resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds to authorise 
any modification to any Series of Swedish Notes are subject to the prior permission of the Competent 
Authority (if such permission is required (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) by the Applicable MREL Regulations or (in the case of Subordinated Notes) by the Capital 
Regulations (as the case may be)). 
16.
A holder of a Swedish Note or Swedish S.O. Bond which holds more than one Swedish Note or Swedish 
S.O. Bond need not vote for all, or vote in the same way for all, Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds 
held. 
17.
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any inducement, fee, 
compensation or other consideration to any holder of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds for its 
approval of any matter to be resolved on at a meeting of holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds 
unless such inducement, fee, compensation or other consideration is offered to all holders of Swedish 
Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds who provide their consent at the relevant meeting. 
18.
A decision made at a meeting of the holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may 
be) shall be binding on all holders under the relevant Series of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, 
whether or not they were present at the meeting. Holders shall not be held liable for any damage that the 
decision may cause another holder. 
19.
The Issuer shall reimburse the Swedish Issuing Agent for all costs, expenses and disbursements properly 
incurred by it in connection with any meeting of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds, including 
reasonable compensation for the Swedish Issuing Agent. 
20.
At the request of the Swedish Issuing Agent, the Issuer shall provide the Swedish Issuing Agent with a 
certificate, without delay, stating the nominal amount outstanding of any Series of Swedish Notes or 
Swedish S.O. Bonds which, as at the Meeting Record Date, are being held by or for the benefit of the 
Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, which Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds shall, unless and 
until ceasing to be so held, be deemed not to be "outstanding" for the purposes of these provision. The 
Swedish Issuing Agent shall not be held responsible for the content of such certificate or otherwise for 
determining whether a Swedish Note or Swedish S.O. Bond is so owned by the Issuer or a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer. 
21.
Holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds (as the case may be) of the relevant Series shall be 
notified, without delay, of any and all decisions made at a meeting in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or Condition 12 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the S.O. Bonds (as the case may be). At the request of a holder of a Swedish Note or 
Swedish S.O. Bond (as the case may be), the Swedish Issuing Agent shall provide the holder with the 
minutes from the relevant meeting. Failure to notify the holders of Swedish Notes or Swedish S.O. Bonds

--- Page 212 ---
212 
(as the case may be) as stated above in this paragraph does not affect the validity of any matter resolved 
on at the meeting. 
22.
The chairperson shall ensure that minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting are made 
and signed by the chairperson. Any minutes signed by the chairperson of the meeting at which any 
resolution was passed or proceedings had shall be conclusive evidence of the matters contained in the 
meeting and until the contrary is proven, every meeting in respect of which minutes have been made shall 
be deemed to have been duly held and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had at the 
meeting to have been duly passed or had. 
23.
These provisions and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
OVERVIEW OF THE SWEDISH LEGISLATION REGARDING COVERED BONDS 
The following is a brief overview of certain features of the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds as of the 
date of this Offering Circular. The overview does not purport to be, and is not, a complete description of all 
aspects of the Swedish legislative and regulatory framework for covered bonds. In addition to the overview below, 
please also refer to the section "Risk Factors - Additional risks related to S.O. Bonds only" above. 
Introduction 
The Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds entered into force on 1 July 2004 and was last amended in 2018. 
The Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds enables Swedish banks and credit market institutions 
(Institutions), which have been granted a specific licence by the SFSA, to issue full-recourse debt instruments 
secured by a pool of mortgage credits and/or public sector credits. 
The SFSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority set out in the Swedish Act on Issuance 
of Covered Bonds, including the SFSA's regulations and general guidelines regarding covered bonds 
(Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda obligationer (FFFS 2013:1)) as amended 
from time to time (the SFSA Regulations).  In light of recent proposals to amend the Swedish legislation regarding 
covered bonds, it is expected that the SFSA Regulations will also be amended.  However, the details of any such 
amendment is yet to be confirmed. 
Swedish covered bonds may take the form of bonds and other comparable debt instruments, such as commercial 
paper. In the event of an Institution's bankruptcy, holders of covered bonds (and certain eligible counterparties to 
derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the pool with 
those of the covered bonds) benefit from a priority right in the pool of assets consisting of Eligible Mortgages, 
Public Credits and Supplemental Assets (all as defined below) (the Cover Pool). The Swedish Act on Issuance of 
Covered Bonds further enables such holders (and derivative counterparties) to continue to receive timely payments 
also following the Institution's bankruptcy, subject to certain conditions being met. 
The Cover Pool is dynamic in the sense that an Institution may supplement or substitute assets in the Cover Pool 
at any time. 
Registration 
Information in respect of all covered bonds, assets in the Cover Pool and relevant derivative contracts must be 
entered into a special register (the Register), which is maintained by the Institution. The actual registration of the 
covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts in the Register is necessary to confer the priority right in the 
Cover Pool. Further, only assets entered into the Register form part of the Cover Pool. 
The Register must at all times show the nominal value of the covered bonds, the Cover Pool and the relevant 
derivative contracts. As a result, the Register requires regular updating, including, without limitation, due to 
changes in interest rates, interest periods, outstanding debt and the composition of the Cover Pool. The value of 
the underlying collateral securing the Eligible Mortgages in the Cover Pool must also be entered into the Register. 
Eligibility criteria for assets in the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool may consist of certain Eligible Mortgages, Public Credits and Supplemental Assets in accordance 
with the definitions below. 
Eligible Mortgages means loans secured by (i) mortgages over real property (fastigheter) intended for residential, 
agricultural, office or commercial purposes or site leasehold rights (tomträtter) intended for residential, office or 
commercial purposes, (ii) pledges over tenant-owner rights (bostadsrätter), or (iii) comparable security interests 
over equivalent assets situated in other countries within the European Economic Area.  
Public Credits means certain loans to (or guaranteed by), among others, the Swedish State, Swedish 
municipalities and comparable public bodies and the European Union. 
Supplemental Assets consists primarily of government bonds and cash, although the SFSA may also authorise 
the use of certain debt instruments issued by credit institutions and other bodies as Supplemental Assets.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions 
For Eligible Mortgages, there is a maximum loan amount which may be included in the Cover Pool, depending 
on the value of the underlying collateral: 
1. 
For residential collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan amount 
does not exceed 75 per cent of the market value of the collateral. 
2. 
For agricultural collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan amount 
does not exceed 70 per cent of the market value of the collateral. 
3. 
For office or commercial collateral, a loan may be included in the Cover Pool only to the extent the loan 
amount does not exceed 60 per cent of the market value of the collateral. 
Should a loan exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the permitted limit may be 
included in the Cover Pool (a Partly Eligible Loan). The Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds does not 
explicitly regulate how proceeds in respect of a Partly Eligible Loan shall be distributed between the eligible and 
the non-eligible parts of the loan. 
The most likely interpretation is that interest payments shall be allocated pro rata between the eligible and non-
eligible parts of the loan and that amortisations shall be applied first towards the non-eligible part of the loan 
(absent enforcement of the security over the underlying collateral). However, proceeds from enforcement of the 
security should most likely be applied first towards the eligible part of the loan. 
A similar situation arises if, for example, the same mortgage security serves as first-ranking security for two (or 
more) loans granted by an Institution and only one of these loans is included in the Cover Pool. The Swedish Act 
on Issuance of Covered Bonds does not give clear guidance as to how proceeds shall be allocated between the 
two loans in case of the Institution's bankruptcy. The lack of guidance may give room for unsecured creditors of 
the Institution to argue that only a pro rata portion of such proceeds shall be allocated to the loan included in the 
Cover Pool. 
The Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds restricts the overall proportion of loans provided against security 
over real property (or site leasehold rights or tenant-owner rights) intended for office or commercial purposes to 
10 per cent of an Institution's Cover Pool. 
Furthermore, the proportion of Supplemental Assets may not exceed 20 per cent of the Cover Pool, although the 
SFSA has the authority to raise this limit to 30 per cent for a limited period in special circumstances. 
Institutions are required to regularly monitor the market value of the mortgage assets that serve as collateral for 
loans included in the Cover Pool and at least once a year to analyse how future changes in market values may 
affect the loan-to-value ratios and the value of all such mortgage assets. If the market value of a mortgage asset 
declines significantly (15 per cent or more according to the preparatory works to the Swedish Act on Issuance of 
Covered Bonds), then only such part of the loan that falls within the permitted loan-to-value ratio will be eligible 
for inclusion in the Cover Pool and will be subject to the priority right described below. However, a decline in the 
market value following an Institution's bankruptcy would not result in a reduction of the assets in which holders 
of covered bonds (and relevant derivative counterparties) have a priority right, but could result in the Cover Pool 
ceasing to meet the matching requirements. 
Matching requirements 
The Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds prescribes that an Institution must comply with certain matching 
requirements, which, among other things, require that the nominal value of the assets registered to the Cover Pool 
exceeds the nominal value of liabilities which relate to covered bonds issued from time to time by at least 2 per 
cent. The calculation shall be made on the basis of current book values. In order to comply with these 
requirements, the Institution may enter into derivative contracts, which will also be taken into account when 
testing the matching. To do so, the Institution is dependent on the availability of derivative counterparties with 
sufficient credit rating and also on such counterparties fulfilling their contractual obligations. 
Furthermore, an Institution must compose the Cover Pool in such a way as to ensure a sound balance between the 
covered bonds and the assets in the Cover Pool in terms of currencies, interest rates and interest fixation periods. 
Such sound balance is deemed to exist when the present value of the Cover Pool at all times exceeds the present 
value of the liabilities relating to the covered bonds by at least 2 per cent. The present value of derivative contracts

--- Page 215 ---
215 
shall be taken into account for the purposes of such calculation. The calculations of present value shall withstand 
certain stress tests (changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates). 
The payment flows relating to the assets in the Cover Pool, derivative contracts and covered bonds shall be such 
that an Institution is at all times able to meet its payment obligations towards holders of covered bonds and relevant 
derivative counterparties. 
Non-performing assets in the Cover Pool which are more than 60 days overdue must be disregarded for the 
purposes of the matching tests. 
Supervision by the SFSA and the independent monitor 
The SFSA monitors that an Institution complies with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds and other 
provisions of the legislative and regulatory framework which regulates the business of the Institution. In addition, 
the SFSA appoints an independent monitor (oberoende granskare) for each Institution that issues covered bonds. 
The independent monitor is responsible for monitoring the Register to assess whether or not it is being maintained 
correctly and in compliance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds and the SFSA Regulations. The 
monitoring shall be risk-based. In particular, the independent monitor shall verify that (i) covered bonds and 
relevant derivative contracts are registered in the Register, (ii) only loans and Supplemental Assets that satisfy the 
eligibility criteria are included in the Cover Pool and registered in the Register, (iii) the valuations of the 
underlying collateral for loans in the Cover Pool are in accordance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered 
Bonds and the SFSA Regulations, (iv) mortgage loans, the underlying collateral of which has decreased 
significantly in value are, for the purpose of the matching requirements, deducted from the Cover Pool to the 
extent necessary to comply with the relevant loan-to-value ratio and (v) the matching requirements are complied 
with. In addition, the independent monitor shall annually review revaluations by the Institution of the underlying 
collateral. 
The independent monitor is entitled to request information from the Institution, conduct site visits and is required 
to report regularly and at least once a year to the SFSA. The Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds does not 
provide for any change to the independent monitor's remit upon the bankruptcy of an Institution. 
Benefit of a priority right in the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds and the Rights of Priority Act, the holders of covered 
bonds benefit from a priority right in the Cover Pool should the Institution be declared bankrupt (försatt i konkurs). 
The same priority is awarded to the Institution's eligible counterparties to derivative contracts entered into for the 
purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the Cover Pool with those of the covered bonds. Such 
derivative counterparties and the holders of the covered bonds rank pari passu with joint seniority in relation to 
the Cover Pool. 
By virtue of the aforementioned priority, holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties rank 
ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the Institution in respect of assets in the Cover Pool (except 
the administrator-in-bankruptcy as regards fees for its administration of assets in the Cover Pool and costs for 
such administration and obligations under liquidity loans and other agreements entered into by the administrator-
in-bankruptcy on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to fulfilling the matching requirements for the Cover 
Pool (see further below)). The priority right also covers cash received by an Institution and deriving from the 
Cover Pool or relevant derivative contracts, provided that certain administrative procedures have been complied 
with. 
Due to what is generally regarded as an oversight by the legislator, there is some uncertainty as to whether a 
creditor that obtains execution (utmätning) against an asset in the Cover Pool earlier than three months before an 
Institution's bankruptcy could defeat the priority afforded to holders of covered bonds and derivative 
counterparties as regards such asset. However, an execution that is levied less than three months before the 
Institution is being declared bankrupt will typically not defeat the priority. 
Administration of the Cover Pool in the event of bankruptcy 
Should an Institution be declared bankrupt, at least one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the 
bankruptcy court and one administrator-in-bankruptcy would be appointed by the SFSA. The administrators-in-
bankruptcy would take over the administration of the bankruptcy estate, including the Cover Pool.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Provided that (and as long as) the Cover Pool meets the requirements of the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered 
Bonds (including the matching requirements), the assets in the Cover Pool, the covered bonds and any relevant 
derivative contracts that have been entered into the Register are required to be maintained as a unit and kept 
segregated from other assets and liabilities of the bankruptcy estate of the Institution. The administrators-in-
bankruptcy are in such case required to procure the continued timely service of payments due under the covered 
bonds and any relevant derivative contracts. Consequently, the bankruptcy would not as such result in early 
repayment or suspension of payments to the holders of covered bonds or to derivative counterparties, so long as 
the Cover Pool continues to meet the requirements of the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds.  
Upon an Institution's bankruptcy, neither the Institution nor its bankruptcy estate would have the ability to issue 
further covered bonds. However, the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds gives the administrators-in- 
bankruptcy an explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other transactions on behalf of 
the bankruptcy estate with a view to maintaining matching cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest 
periods between assets in the Cover Pool, covered bonds and derivative contracts. Counterparties in such 
transactions will rank senior to holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties. The administrators- in-
bankruptcy may also raise liquidity by selling assets in the Cover Pool in the market for example. 
If the Cover Pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds, and the 
deviations are not just temporary and minor, the Cover Pool may no longer be maintained as a unit and the 
continuous payment under the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and derivative contracts will cease. The 
holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties would in such case instead benefit from a priority right in 
the proceeds of a sale of the assets in the Cover Pool in accordance with general bankruptcy rules. This could 
result in the holders of covered bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different from that 
contemplated by the terms and conditions of the covered bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the 
holders of covered bonds are not paid in full. However, the holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties 
would retain the benefit of the right of priority in the assets comprising the Cover Pool. Any residual claims of 
the holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties remain valid claims against the Institution, but will 
rank pari passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Institution. 
Directive on covered bonds and proposal on Swedish implementation  
The European Union's covered bond directive and regulation, consisting of a directive and a regulation amending 
the CRR, came into effect on 7 January 2020 (although there will be a maximum 30 month transposition period 
after the effective date for the new directive and the new regulation will become applicable during July 2022) 
(jointly, the New EU Covered Bond Legislation). Among other things, the New EU Covered Bond Legislation 
lays down the conditions that covered bonds have to meet in order to be recognised under European Union law, 
aiming to strengthen investor protection in the European Union by imposing specific supervisory duties.  
On 4 November 2020, an Official Report of the Swedish Government (SOU 2020:61 (Ändrade regler om  
säkerställda obligationer)) was published containing, inter alia, proposals of the legislative amendments needed 
to implement the New EU Covered Bond Legislation in Sweden (the Covered Bond Report). It should be noted 
that Covered Bond Report is currently submitted for consultation and does not constitute a final proposal on the 
implementation of the New EU Covered Bond Legislation. Hence, it is still unclear how the New EU Covered 
Bond Legislation  will affect the Swedish legislation governing covered bonds.  
The following is a brief summary of the main amendments to the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds 
proposed in the Covered Bond Report.  
Assets in the cover pool 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Report, residential and commercial mortgages, exposures to credit institutions and 
public loans can be included in the cover pool. The Covered Bond Report proposes that the provisions of the 
Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds be amended to reflect the provisions of the CRR. Issuers should be 
required to meet the CRR's requirements regarding exposure limits for credit institutions. The proposal amends  
the provisions of the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds on public loans and mortgages to reflect the 
provisions of the CRR. As a result, the provisions on issuance of covered bonds will correlate better with the 
CRR's provisions on risk weights and capital requirements.  
Amendments to the provisions on LTV levels are proposed in the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds  
where only a part of the loan, up to a specific share of the market value of the collateral, can be included in the

--- Page 217 ---
217 
coverage calculation. The proposal increases the LTV for residential mortgages from 75 per cent to 80 per cent 
of the market value of the collateral and for commercial mortgages, the LTV is changed in certain cases.  
The Covered Bond Report proposes that the provisions on substitute collateral be repealed, since it is difficult to  
combine them with the New EU Covered Bond Legislation. Instead, new provisions on exposures to credit 
institutions and provisions on a liquidity buffer are proposed in the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds.  
While these provisions partly have the same purpose as substitute collateral, they have a broader scope, since 
exposures to derivative counterparties are also included.  
Coverage requirements, over-collateralisation and liquidity buffer 
The Covered Bond Report proposes that the requirements in the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds on 
over-collateralisation, that is, the level by which the value of the assets in the cover pool has to exceed the value 
of the liabilities, be adapted to align with the main principle in the CRR being at least five per cent over-
collateralisation.  
As a result of the rules in the New EU Covered Bond Legislation, the Covered Bond Report also proposes that 
provisions concerning a specific liquidity buffer should be introduced in the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered 
Bonds. It should cover the maximum cumulative net liquid outflow from an issuer over the next 180 days.  
Maturity extensions  
The Covered Bond Report proposes that provisions permitting maturity extensions be introduced in Swedish law.  
These are conditions included in the terms of a covered bond contract stating that repayment can be postponed in 
certain circumstances. In the Covered Bond Report's proposal, an Issuer will only be allowed to extend the 
maturity of covered bonds with the approval of the SFSA.  
According to the main principle, calculation of the liquidity buffer requirement for covered bonds allowing for 
maturity extensions should be based only on the original maturity date, unless the SFSA has approved the maturity 
extension.  
Information, monitoring and supervision  
The Covered Bond Report sets out that the existing provisions for an independent inspector in relation to the 
Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds should remain in place. Therefore, the Member State option in the 
New EU Covered Bond Legislation allowing for the appointment of a cover pool monitor should not be 
implemented. The Covered Bond Report proposes that the SFSA's power to revoke an issuer's authorisation for a 
covered bond programme be extended to include the situation where the issuer has acquired permission for a 
covered bond programme by making false statements or by some other irregular means.  
As a complement to the provisions on sanctions for issuers and other credit institutions, the Covered Bond Report 
proposes that additional provisions on sanctions for natural persons be included in the Swedish Banking and 
Financing Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse), in relation to breaches of certain 
provisions in the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds.  
The Covered Bond Report proposes that new authorisations to issue regulations be introduced in the Swedish Act 
on Issuance of Covered Bonds in relation to the information (i) to be provided by the issuer to investors (ii) that 
issuers have to submit to SFSA, including requirements as to when and how the information has to be given. The 
Covered Bond Report proposes that several of the authorisations to issue regulations in the current wording of the 
Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds be repealed in the light of the New EU Covered Bond Legislation.  
Entry into force and transitional provisions  
The legislative amendments are proposed to enter into force and apply to covered bonds issued on and after 8 July 
2022. For a covered bond that has been issued before this date, the previous provisions of the Swedish Act on 
Issuance of Covered Bonds will, as a main principle, continue to apply during the remaining part of its maturity.  
For tap issues made after 8 July 2022, certain transitional provisions will apply. The main exception concerns the 
new information and reporting requirements for issuers. Furthermore, the new rules on sanctions will apply to all 
infringements committed after 8 July 2022. It is also worth noting that in order to ensure a smooth transition to 
the new framework, some provisions of the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered Bonds will continue to apply to 
certain tap issues made after 8 July 2022 during a transitional period of 24 months.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to the below, the net proceeds from each 
issue of Notes and S.O. Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds, the net proceeds are to be applied by the Issuer towards the 
origination of loans to fund or re-finance certain defined projects such as financing or re-financing investments 
related to sustainable forestry, renewable energy and green buildings, such purposes will be more particularly 
specified under "Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds" in the applicable Final Terms (or under "Use 
of Proceeds" in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) as "Green Bonds". 
The relevant projects to be funded or re-financed will be described in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework available 
on the Issuer’s website www.landshypotek.se.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
Landshypotek Bank AB (publ) (the Issuer or Landshypotek) was incorporated in Stockholm on 3 November 
1994 as a public limited liability company under Swedish law, with the business name Landshypotek AB (publ) 
and Swedish organisation number 556500-2762. The incorporation was part of the re-organisation of the General 
Mortgage Bank (Sveriges Allmänna Hypoteksbank) (GMB) and the county mortgage bank associations (the 
mortgage associations). 
GMB was formed in 1861 as part of a government policy to increase the supply of capital to the agricultural sector. 
GMB's role was to fund its owners, the associations, through the issuance of bonds and debentures. The mortgage 
associations in turn provided funding for agricultural, forestry and horticultural purposes and their history goes 
back to 1836. 
The mortgage associations were re-organised as an economic co-operative on 1 January 1995 under the name 
Landshypotek Ekonomisk Förening (the Association or Parent). At the same time, the business activities 
formerly carried out by GMB and the mortgage associations were transferred into the Issuer.  
Organisational Structure
The Issuer is a public limited liability company incorporated in Sweden and regulated under the Swedish 
Companies Act. In addition, the Issuer is a regulated banking company under the Swedish Act on Banking and 
Financing Activities (Lag (2004: 297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) and is subject to the supervision of the 
SFSA. The Issuer has been granted a licence by the SFSA to issue covered bonds in accordance with the Swedish 
Act (2003:1223) on Issuance of Covered Bonds (Lag (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer). 
The Issuer is wholly-owned by the Association, which is an economic co-operative whose members are the 
Issuer's loan customers in the farming and forestry sector. At the end of 2020, the Association had approximately 
37,000 members. The ownership structure is expected to produce a loyal ownership and customer group with a 
strong incentive in the performance of the Issuer.  
All business operations are conducted in the Issuer. The Issuer is dependent upon the Association, which is the 
sole owner of the Issuer. At the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
Activities 
The Issuer is specialised in offering financial services to Swedish agriculture and forestry with real estate property 
as collateral. The Issuer's core business is to offer mortgage loans to customers in the farming and forestry sector 
and to customers living on farms. The lending may also be secured by other collateral than real estate property, 
such as a personal guarantee, floating charge or with EU-support as collateral (EU loans). In 2017, the Issuer 
launched an offering of mortgage loans to homeowners in Sweden that is secured with other real estate property 
than agricultural or forestry assets. 
Since 2014, the Issuer has also offered saving products through a digital service to the general public in Sweden. 
The Issuer mainly uses the capital market as its funding source and achieves the desired flexibility by offering a 
variety of borrowing instruments that attract different types of investors. The main funding source is by issuing 
covered bonds.  
The Issuer has a number of business partners that act as distributors for the Issuer's products.  
Sustainability is an important and integrated part of the Issuer's business strategy, as evident by the Issuer being 
an issuer of green bonds with dedicated use of proceeds since 2018. 
Accounting principles
The Issuer does not publish consolidated financial statements after the financial year ended 31 December 2018, 
following the divestments of its wholly owned dormant subsidiaries. Hence, the accounting principles relating to 
consolidated financial statements are inapplicable for the financial years following 2018. The accounting 
principles that remain applicable will continue to be applied, as described below and in the relevant financial 
statements, from, and including, the 2019 financial year onwards. The consolidated financial statements were

--- Page 220 ---
220 
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations of the 
above as published by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) as adopted by 
the EU. Furthermore, the SFSA's regulations and general guidelines for annual reports in credit institutions and 
securities companies (FFFS 2008:25, including amendments), the Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Credit 
Institutions and Securities Companies (ÅRKL) and the recommendations of the Swedish Financial Reporting 
Board, RFR 1, Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups were also applied. 
The Issuer applies statutory IFRS, which means that the legal entity's financial statements must apply all of the 
IFRSs and statements adopted by the EU, in so far as this is possible within the framework of the Swedish Annual 
Accounts Act, the Swedish Pension Obligations Vesting Act and after taking into account the relationship between 
accounting and taxation. Permissible exceptions and supplements to IFRS are stated in the Swedish Financial 
Reporting Board's recommendation RFR 2, Accounting for Legal Entities, and ÅRKL as well as the SFSA's 
regulations and general guidelines for annual reports in credit institutions and securities companies (FFFS 
2008:25). The main differences in accounting policies between the Association and the Issuer are described on 
pages 56-59 of the 2020 Annual Report, where a more detailed description of the accounting policies in general 
also can be found. 
2020 Annual Report  
Unless stated otherwise, the financial information relating to 2020 in this section "Information Relating to the 
Issuer" is based on the 2020 Annual Report, which is the most recently published annual report of the Issuer. 
Liquidity 
The Issuer has a substantial liquidity portfolio of interest-bearing securities, valued at SEK 9,658 million at 31 
December 2020 (SEK 9,848 million at 31 December 2019). The Issuer's liquidity portfolio comprises liquid, 
interest-bearing securities, primarily Swedish covered bonds with the highest credit rating and bonds issued by 
Swedish municipalities. At 31 December 2020, the liquidity portfolio was 1.1 times larger than refinancing 
requirements for the next six months. The ratio is affected by the allocation of maturing debt for longer than six 
months and can, therefore, change between measurement periods. 
Lending
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's lending to the public amounted to SEK 83,036 million (SEK 76,367 million 
at 31 December 2019). All lending is domestic and made in Swedish krona. 
Loan losses and provisions
As at 31 December 2020, net credit losses for the Issuer totalled a positive amount of SEK 13 million (SEK 3 
million at 31 December 2019) of which net credit losses for non-credit-impaired assets had a positive earnings 
impact of SEK 6 million and credit-impaired assets had a positive earnings impact of SEK 7 million.  
The table below shows the loan loss level as a percentage for the Issuer at the end of each year for each of the 
years 2014 to 2020.  
Years ended 31 December 
Loan loss level 
2014
0.13 per cent
2015
0.07 per cent
2016
0.02 per cent
2017
0.02 per cent
2018
0.01 per cent
2019*
-
2020*
-
* An outcome is only presented in the case of a negative earnings impact.  
Savings
Total deposits from the public have continued to increase and amounted to SEK 14,672 million at 31 December 
2020 (SEK 14,449 million 31 December 2019). 
Funding

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Short-term funding
The Issuer is active in the repo and deposit markets for short term liquidity needs on a regular basis. The Issuer 
also has a Swedish commercial paper programme. 
Long-term funding
The Issuer issues its long-term non-covered debt through this Programme and may also issue on a stand-alone 
basis or under additional programmes from time to time. The Issuer's covered bond funding is made either through 
this Programme and may also be made on a stand-alone basis or under additional programmes from time to time. 
Competitors
The Issuer's main competitors are Swedish savings banks and commercial banks, which have shown an increasing 
interest in expanding their agricultural and forestry customer bases. 
Recent Developments
Digitalisation and alternative ways of meeting have been accelerated by the pandemic during 2020. Increasingly, 
the Issuer's internal meetings have been conducted digitally and from home offices. Regional meetings and general 
meetings have also been performed digitally over the year, as have many customer meetings.  
Increased digitalisation has facilitated clients' bank errands and their contact with the Issuer. Over the year, digital 
applications for first lien mortgage loans to farming and forestry took off dramatically. Since autumn 2020, loan 
terms can be changed via the online bank. Documents are increasingly being made available on the online bank, 
for example, annual statements and changes in general terms and conditions. The new website was launched in 
December 2020 and has been developed based on the need of users to quickly and easily apply for loans, to save, 
retrieve information, and obtain advice as well as contact the bank.  
Increased visibility through, inter alia, good communication collaborations and digital marketing has led to more 
houseowners becoming aware of the Issuer. Moreover, partnerships with Villaägarna and Avanza respectively 
were initiated. The Issuer's mortgages attracted record interest during the autumn of 2020. 
In November 2020, the Issuer expanded its second green covered bond, which finances sustainable Swedish 
forestry. The issue of a further SEK 2,5 billion attracted substantial investor interest. Altogether, the bank has 
issued green bonds with a total of SEK 10,75 billion and is the Nordic region's largest issuer of green covered 
bonds. 
Loans to the public 
The Issuer has conducted continuous stress tests, and performed analyses and controls of groups of customers 
with shared attributes to ensure it maintains good credit quality. The Issuer continues to monitor GDP and property 
price developments, which are influencing factors in the model for credit loss provisions. The Issuer continues to 
encourage customers to take early contact with it if they believe the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic will affect 
their future payment capacity. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer has not noted any negative impact 
on its customers or decline in the quality of the credit portfolio as a result of society's efforts to combat the COVID-
19 pandemic. 
Funding 
Following a more turbulent initial period, the financial markets functioned well for most types of bonds that the 
Issuer issues. The Riksbank's continued and expanded purchases of covered bonds have helped keep credit spreads 
low and they have now fallen below pre-pandemic levels. Measures by the central banks to support liquidity have 
been expanded during the year, which has had a positive effect, creating a liquidity surplus in the market. STIBOR 
declined to even lower levels in the fourth quarter and is now at historic lows in relation to the repo rate. The 
Issuer's main funding source is covered bonds and with a now well-functioning market for issuances, as at the 
date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer's funding possibilities remain stable. 
Issuer's website

--- Page 222 ---
222 
The Issuer's website is https://www.landshypotek.se/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Offering Circular, information contained on the website does not form part of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT 
The members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management, whose business addresses are at the registered 
address of the Issuer, are as of the date of this Offering Circular: 
Board of Directors
Position
Other main principal activities
Ann Krumlinde Hyléen 
Board Member 
Chairman of Rocker1, Skabersjö Gods AB and Moon 
Bay. Director of Väderstad. 
Anna-Karin Celsing 
Board Member 
Director of Carnegie Investment Bank, Lannebo 
Fonder AB, Peas Industries AB, OX2 AB, 
Stiftelsen 
Beckmans 
Designhögskola, 
Tim 
Bergling Foundation and Volati AB.
Nils-Fredrik Nyblaeus 
Board Member 
Director of the Swedbank group’s Gemensamma 
Pensionsstiftelse 
II, 
Alfaros 
Aktiebolag 
and 
Tunabergs Konsult AB. 
Johan Trolle-Löwen 
Board Member 
Chairman of Kopparfors Skogar. Director of Firefly 
and Hargs Bruk. CEO and Director of Sjösa 
Förvaltnings and Limmersvik. 
Gunilla Aschan 
Board Member 
Director of Ellen Keys Stiftelse Strand, Fyrklövern 
ekonomi och juridik, Lantmännen ekonomisk 
förening, and Torseröds Vindkraftpark. 
Ole Laurits Lønnum
Board Member 
Chairman of Landkreditt Forsikring, Landkreditt 
Forvaltning, 
Landkreditt 
Boligkreditt 
and 
Landkreditt Eiendom. Deputy, Finans Norge.
Lars-Johan Merin
Board Member 
Chairman of Sveriges Frö- och Oljeväxtodlare, 
Svensk Raps and Fellingsbro Lager & Fastigheter. 
Director of Spannmålsodlarna and Spannsam.
Anders Nilsson 
Board Member, Employee 
Representative 
- 
Hans Broberg 
Board Member, Employee 
Representative 
- 
Senior Management
Position 
Per Lindblad 
Chief Executive Officer 
Catharina 
Åbjörnsson 
Lindgren 
Chief Commercial Officer  
Martin Kihlberg 
General Counsel and Chief Sustainability Officer  
Jan Lilja 
Chief Risk Officer 
Maya Jernström 
Chief Information Officer
Tomas Uddin 
Head of Marketing, Communications and HR 
Karl Högstedt 
Chief Financial Officer 
1 As of 17 May 2021, Ann Krumlinde Hyléen will no longer be the Chairman of Rocker.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
The Issuer has its registered address and postal address at P.O. Box 14092, SE-104 41 Stockholm, Sweden. The 
visiting address is Regeringsgatan 48, SE-111 56 Stockholm, Sweden and the telephone number is +46 8 459 04 
00. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons listed under the headings 
"Board of Directors" and "Senior Management" above and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors
Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, represented by Catarina Ericsson (Authorised Public Accountant) and 
Frida Main (Authorised Public Accountant).

--- Page 225 ---
225 
TAXATION 
Swedish Taxation
The following overview outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposal of 
Notes and S.O. Bonds. The overview is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to 
provide general information only. The overview is not exhaustive and does thus not address all potential aspects 
of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in the Notes or S.O. Bonds and is neither intended 
to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the overview does not address the rules 
regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Specific tax consequences may be 
applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment companies and life insurance companies. Specific 
tax consequences may also apply when Notes or S.O. Bonds are held by partnerships and as trading assets in a 
business. Such tax consequences are not described below. Neither does the overview cover Notes or S.O. Bonds 
which are placed on an investment savings account (investeringssparkonto). Investors should consult their 
professional tax advisors regarding the Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and 
effect of tax treaties) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes and S.O. Bonds in their particular situation. 
Non-resident holders of Notes or S.O. Bonds 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes or S.O. Bonds who is (a) an individual who is not 
a resident of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no connection to Sweden other than his/her investment in the 
Notes or S.O. Bonds, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to a 
non-resident holder of any Notes or S.O. Bonds should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such 
holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which the Notes or 
S.O. Bonds are effectively connected. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of 
principal or interest to a non-resident holder of any Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
Individuals who are not resident in Sweden for tax purposes may be liable to capital gains taxation in Sweden 
upon disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular 
financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes, if they have been resident in Sweden or have lived 
permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years 
preceding the year of disposal or redemption. Taxation may, however, be limited by an applicable tax treaty. 
Resident holders of Notes or S.O. Bonds 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes or S.O. Bonds who is (a) an individual who is a resident 
in Sweden for tax purposes or (b) an entity organised under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident holders 
of any Notes or S.O. Bonds, all capital income (e.g. income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax 
purposes and capital gains on Notes and S.O. Bonds) will be taxable. A capital gain or capital loss is calculated 
as the difference between the sales proceeds, after deduction for sales expenses, and the acquisition cost for tax 
purposes. The acquisition cost for all Notes or S.O. Bonds of the same kind is determined according to the "average 
method" (genomsnittsmetoden). 
An individual's capital income such as capital gains and interest is subject to a 30 per cent tax rate. Limited liability 
companies and other legal entities are taxed on all income, including capital gains and interest, as business income 
at the tax rate of 20.6 per cent.  
Losses on listed Notes or S.O. Bonds (marknadsnoterade fordringsrätter) should generally be fully deductible for 
limited liability companies and for individuals in the capital income category. Certain deduction limitations may 
apply for individuals and limited liability companies with respect to losses on financial instruments deemed share 
equivalents (delägarrätter) for Swedish tax purposes, not described further herein.  
Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest to a resident holder of 
Notes or S.O. Bonds. However, if amounts that are considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to 
a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) that is a resident holder of Notes or S.O. Bonds, Swedish 
preliminary taxes (preliminärskatt) are normally withheld at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions, including Sweden, have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes and the S.O. Bonds, including whether withholdings would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes and 
the S.O. Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes and the S.O. Bonds, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes or S.O. Bonds characterised as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that 
are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of 
FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes or S.O. Bonds (as 
described under Condition 17 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the VPS Notes, Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds and Condition 13 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes or S.O. Bonds 
are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all the Notes or S.O. Bonds, including the Notes or S.O. Bonds offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their 
own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
FATCA is particularly complex. The above description is based in part on regulations, official guidance 
and the U.S.-Sweden IGA, all of which are subject to change or may be implemented in a materially 
different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the 
Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the Notes or S.O. Bonds.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Initial Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 7 May 2021 (as supplemented 
and/or amended and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) agreed with the Issuer a basis 
upon which it or any additional Dealers may from time to time agree to purchase Notes or S.O. Bonds. Any such 
agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", 
"Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes", "Form of the S.O. Bonds", "Terms and Conditions of the VPS Notes", 
"Terms and Conditions of the S.O. Bonds" and "Terms and Conditions of the VPS S.O. Bonds". In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Initial Dealers for certain of its expenses in connection with 
the update of the Programme and has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the issue of Notes and S.O. Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. The Programme Agreement also makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of the Initial Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
United States 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Initial Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes or S.O. Bonds (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and 
certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant 
lead manager, of all Notes or S.O. Bonds of the Tranche of which such Notes or S.O. Bonds are a part, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Initial Dealers has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which 
it sells any Notes or S.O. Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of such Notes or S.O. Bonds within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes or S.O. Bonds an offer or sale of 
such Notes or S.O. Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes or S.O. Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 228 ---
228 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each 
Member State of the European Economic Area, the Initial Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes or S.O. Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this Offering Circular 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as applicable), in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes or S.O. Bonds to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; 
or 
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes or S.O. Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes or S.O. Bonds to the public in relation to 
any Notes or S.O. Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes or S.O. Bonds and the expression EU Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
or S.O. Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) in relation thereto to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the EUWA; 
or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made under the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes or S.O. Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom,

--- Page 229 ---
229 
the Initial Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes or S.O. Bonds which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated in this Offering Circular as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable), in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes or S.O. Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes or S.O. Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes or S.O. Bonds to the public in relation to 
any Notes or S.O. Bonds in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or S.O. Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes or S.O. Bonds and the expression UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) and the regulations made under the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
The Initial Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes or S.O. Bonds 
in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes or S.O. Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) and the Initial Dealers have represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Notes or S.O. Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 
228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the 
benefit of a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Sweden 
The Initial Dealers have agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy 
Notes or S.O. Bonds or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale 
except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Norway 
The Initial Dealers have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that the Notes or 
S.O. Bonds (if required) and the Offering Circular have been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Norway, it has not, directly or indirectly offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes 
or S.O. Bonds in Norway or to residents of Norway, except (i) to "qualified investors" as defined in the EU 
Prospectus Regulation Article 2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (a), as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 
7-1 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. (the Securities Trading Act), or (ii) in respect 
of an offer of Notes or S.O Bonds addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes or S.O Bonds 
for a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor cf. the EU Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4 
(c) as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act, or (iii) to, when 
aggregated with such offer or sale of any Notes or S.O Bonds in the same offering by any other Dealer, fewer than 
150 natural or legal persons (other than "qualified investors" as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation Article 
2 (e), cf. Article 1 no. 4 (b), as incorporated into Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading 
Act), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer, or (iv) in any other 
circumstance that shall not result in a requirement for the registration or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer 
or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation Article 1 no. 4 and no. 6 as incorporated into 
Norwegian law pursuant to Section 7-1 of the Securities Trading Act. Notes or S.O. Bonds denominated in 
Norwegian kroner may not be offered or sold in the Norwegian market without the Notes or S.O. Bonds prior 
thereto having been registered in accordance with section 3-1 of the Norwegian Securities Depository Act of 15 
March 2019 no. 6 in a Securities Depository approved or acknowledged under the EU central securities 
depositories (CSD) regulation (Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement 
in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) which unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms will be the VPS.  
General 
The Initial Dealers have agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or S.O. Bonds or possesses or 
distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes or S.O. Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes or S.O. Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The current update of the Programme and the issue of Notes and S.O. Bonds thereunder has been duly authorised 
in accordance with resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 29 March 2021. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes and S.O. Bonds 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 
8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. On approval of this document as a base prospectus by the CSSF, notification 
of such approval will be made to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) in its capacity 
as the competent authority of Sweden for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes and S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying 
Agents for the time being in London and Luxembourg. In the case of (i), (ii), (iii) and (v), these documents shall 
also 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
in 
electronic 
form 
at 
https://www.landshypotek.se/en/about-
landshypotek/investor-relations/ (in the case of (v), including all documents incorporated by reference, for a period 
of 10 years) or https://www.bourse.lu/issuer/LandsHypoteBank/69726: 
(i) 
the Articles of Association and the Certificate of Registration (with an English translation thereof) of the 
Issuer; 
(ii) 
the 2019 Annual Report, the 2020 Annual Report and the 2021 First Quarter Interim Report; 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements (if any) of the Issuer (in each case with an English 
translation thereof), in each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection 
therewith; 
(iv) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the VPS Trustee Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement 
and the forms of the Global Notes and the Global S.O. Bonds, the Notes and S.O. Bonds in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(v) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(vi) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements to this Offering 
Circular, Final Terms and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds) (save that 
Pricing Supplements will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note or S.O. Bond and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of 
Notes or S.O. Bonds and identity) and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, this Offering Circular, any supplements to this Offering Circular, any documents incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular and any Final Terms relating to Notes or S.O. Bonds which have been admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes or S.O. Bonds which are admitted to trading on any other regulated market 
in the European Economic Area will be published in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular, information 
contained on the above websites does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes and S.O. Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each 
Tranche of Notes or S.O. Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds). If the Notes or S.O. 
Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system (including the VPS and Euroclear Sweden) 
the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes/S.O. Bonds). 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
VPS Notes and VPS S.O. Bonds will be registered with the VPS (which will be the entity in charge of keeping 
the records). Investors with accounts in Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may hold VPS Notes and VPS 
S.O. Bonds in their accounts with such clearing systems and the relevant clearing system will be shown in the 
records of the VPS as the holder of the relevant amount of VPS Notes or VPS S.O. Bonds. 
The address of the VPS is Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Fred. Olsens gate 1, P.O. Box 1174 Sentrum, NO-0107 Oslo, 
Norway. 
Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds will be registered with Euroclear Sweden AB (which will be the entity 
in charge of keeping the records). The address of the Euroclear Sweden AB is Swedish Central Securities 
Depository, Euroclear Sweden, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm. 
Provision of Information 
In relation to the Swedish Notes and Swedish S.O. Bonds, more information on the handling of personal data 
about a holder of a Swedish Note or Swedish S.O. Bond, can be found on the Issuer’s or the relevant Swedish 
Issuing Agent’s website or by contacting the Issuer or the relevant Swedish Issuing Agent at the addresses 
specified below for more information. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes or S.O. Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer 
The LEI of the Issuer is 5493004WUGGU2BQI7F14. 
Significant or Material Change 
Except as disclosed on page 221 of this Offering Circular under the heading "Recent Developments", there has 
been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
March 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts outside the ordinary course of its business. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB, represented by Catarina Ericsson 
(Authorised Public Accountant) and Frida Main (Authorised Public Accountant). The auditors at Öhrlings 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB have audited the Issuer's accounts in accordance with generally accepted auditing

--- Page 233 ---
233 
standards in Sweden for each of the two financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 and 
issued unqualified audit reports thereon. Catarina Ericsson and Frida Main are members of FAR, the professional 
institute for authorised public accountants, approved public accountants and other highly qualified professionals 
in the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest in the Issuer. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Each Initial Dealer and its affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, and any other Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time and its affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Each Initial Dealer and its affiliates, and any other Dealer appointed 
under the Programme from time to time and its affiliates, may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
or S.O. Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, each Initial Dealer and its affiliates, and any other 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time and its affiliates, may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments 
(including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes or S.O. Bonds issued under 
the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes or S.O. Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Each Initial Dealer and its affiliates, and any other Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time and its affiliates, may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to 
clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Yield 
The yield relating to a particular issue of Notes or S.O. Bonds will be stated in the Final Terms relating to those 
Notes or S.O. Bonds and is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In this Offering Circular, the Issuer uses certain metrics in the analysis of its business and financial position which 
the Issuer considers to constitute alternative performance measures (APMs) for the purposes of the ESMA 
Guidelines on Alternatives Performance Measures. APMs are financial metrics of historical or future 
performance, financial position or cash flows that are not defined in the applicable rules for financial reporting 
(for example, IFRS or the Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Credit Institutions and Securities Companies) nor in 
the capital adequacy rules. The Issuer uses APMs when these are relevant for the presentation and follow-up of 
the Issuer's financial performance over time and when these metrics are deemed by the Issuer to provide additional 
valuable information. APMs can be calculated with various approaches and, accordingly, the Issuer's metrics are 
not directly comparable with similar metrics presented by other companies. The definitions and aims of the APMs 
used in this Offering Circular are set out in the 2021 First Quarter Interim Report, the 2020 Annual Report and 
the 2019 Annual Report (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
Credit Ratings 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the Programme has the following ratings from S&P: A (Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Preferred VPS Notes with a maturity of one year or more); A-1 (Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Preferred VPS Notes with a maturity of less than one year); BBB+ (Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred VPS Notes); BBB (Subordinated Notes and Subordinated VPS Notes); and AAA/Stable/A-1+ 
(senior secured S.O. Bonds and VPS S.O. Bonds with a maturity of one year or more).  Please see an explanation 
of the meaning of these ratings below:

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Long-Term Issue Credit Ratings: 
An obligation rated 'AAA' has the highest rating assigned by S&P Global Ratings. The obligor's capacity to meet 
its financial commitments on the obligation is extremely strong. 
An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and 
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its 
financial commitments on the obligation is still strong. 
An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation. 
Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative 
standing within the rating categories. 
Short-Term Issue Credit Ratings: 
A short-term obligation rated 'A-1' is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings. The obligor's capacity 
to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is strong. Within this category, certain obligations are 
designated with a plus sign (+). This indicates that the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on 
these obligations is extremely strong. 
Rating Outlooks: 
Stable means that a rating is not likely to change.

--- Page 235 ---
THE ISSUER 
Landshypotek Bank AB (publ) 
P.O. Box 14092 
SE-104 41 Stockholm 
Sweden 
THE ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
THE OTHER PAYING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
THE VPS TRUSTEE 
THE VPS AGENT 
Nordic Trustee AS 
DNB Bank ASA 
Kronprinsesse Märthas plass 1
Dronning Eufemias gate 30
N-0160 Oslo
N-0191 Oslo
Norway
Norway
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå 
Wikborg Rein Advokatfirma AS 
Norrlandsgatan 21
Dronning Mauds gate 11
P.O. Box 1711
PO Box 1513 Vika
SE-111 87 Stockholm
NO-0117 Oslo
Sweden
Norway
To the Dealers as to English law 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
SE-113 97 Stockholm 
Sweden 
ARRANGER  
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm
Sweden

--- Page 236 ---
INITIAL DEALERS 
Danske Bank A/S 
DNB Bank ASA 
2-12 Holmens Kanal
Dronning Eufemias gate 30
DK-1092 Copenhagen K
N-0191 Oslo
Denmark
Norway
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
c/o Nordea Danmark, Filial af Nordea Bank Abp
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8
Finland
106 40 Stockholm
Grønjordsvej 10
Sweden
2300 Copenhagen
Denmark
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) 
Swedbank AB (publ)
Blasieholmstorg 11
SE-105 34 Stockholm
SE – 106 70 Stockholm
Sweden
Sweden
Printed by Ashurst LLP 
369112688