--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
Landsbankinn HF. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland) 
€2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Landsbankinn hf. (the 
“Bank” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer (as defined below). 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or uncertificated book entry form cleared through 
the Nasdaq CSD SE, Iceland Branch, or Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands hf. (each a “CSD” and together the “CSDs”) 
(“CSD Notes”).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in 
the Programme Agreement (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”)), subject to increase as described herein and 
provided that, in relation to any Inflation Linked Annuity Notes or Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment 
Notes, the nominal amount outstanding shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the 
original nominal amount on issue of such Notes.  The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more 
of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the 
Programme from time to time by the Bank (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) to 
the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see 
“Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and the Central Bank of Ireland has provided the competent 
authority of Iceland with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Bank or the quality 
of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“MiFID II”) or which are 
to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to 
the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market (the “Regulated 
Market”).  This prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such 
Notes have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. 
The Issuer intends to request that the Central Bank of Ireland provide the competent authority in Iceland (the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland) with a certificate of approval attesting that this 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Notification”).  The Issuer may request the Central Bank of Ireland to provide competent authorities in 
additional Member States within the EEA with a similar notification.  Following provision of the Notification,

--- Page 2 ---
3 
 
 
the Issuer may apply for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the Nasdaq 
Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market of any other Member State to which a similar notification has been 
made), either together with a listing on the Regulated Market (as defined above) or as a single listing.  If any 
Notes issued under the Programme are to be listed on the Nasdaq Iceland hf. (or on the regulated market of any 
other Member State to which a Notification has been made), this will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(as defined herein). 
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme – Distribution”) of Notes will be represented on issue 
by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in 
bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note”).  If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms 
to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”).  Global notes which 
are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) will be deposited on the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the 
“Common Depositary”).  The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global 
Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Form of the Notes”. 
MIFID II Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes and any drawdown 
prospectus may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR Product Governance / Target Market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes and any 
drawdown prospectus may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Prohibition of Sales To EEA Retail Investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
4 
 
 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, 
the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined below) and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in an EEA state in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States 
persons (as defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore as modified 
or amended from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that the Notes are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and “Excluded Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16:  Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Notice to Investors in Canada – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory.  The purchaser should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term (senior) debt rating of the Bank is BBB+ (stable outlook) 
(such rating provided by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”)).  Standard & Poor’s is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”).  As such Standard & Poor’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
5 
 
 
Standard & Poor’s is not established in the United Kingdom but the ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s have 
been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and have not been withdrawn.  As such, the rating issued by S&P may be used for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agency referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
the Bank by Standard & Poor’s or to Notes already issued.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
BofA Securities 
Barclays 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 June 2024

--- Page 5 ---
2 
 
 
Important Information 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus.  The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Bank, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Bank to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Bank or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Bank or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Bank.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Bank or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Bank is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during the life of the Programme or to advise 
any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Bank is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 6 ---
3 
 
 
Important Information Relating to the Use of this Base Prospectus and Offers of Notes Generally 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Bank and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Bank or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Iceland), the UK, Italy, Switzerland, 
Japan, Hong Kong, Canada and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  As a result, any offer of Notes in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes.  Accordingly, any person making 
or intending to make an offer of Notes in the relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Bank or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer.  Neither the Bank nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Bank or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i)  
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 7 ---
4 
 
 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities.  Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates.  Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/2011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks 
Regulation.  Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms.  The registration status of any administrator under 
the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status 
of the administrator. 
Presentation of Information 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
the “Group” are to the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
• 
“U.S. dollars”, “USD” and “$” refer to United States dollars; 
• 
“ISK” or “krona” refer to Icelandic Krona; 
• 
“Sterling”, “GBP” and “£” refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Bank and 
approved by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 8 ---
(i) 
 
 
Table of Contents 
Overview of the Programme .................................................................................................................. 1 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................................ 9 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................ 41 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 43 
Applicable Final Terms ........................................................................................................................ 46 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ...................................................................................................... 64 
Use of Proceeds .................................................................................................................................. 121 
Description of the Bank ...................................................................................................................... 122 
Risk Management Framework ........................................................................................................... 137 
The Icelandic Economy ...................................................................................................................... 151 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 152 
Subscription and Sale ......................................................................................................................... 155 
General Information ........................................................................................................................... 160

--- Page 9 ---
1 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: .................................................  Landsbankinn hf. 
Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) ........  549300TLZPT6JELDWM92 
Risk Factors: ......................................  There are certain factors that may affect the Bank’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme.  These are set out under “Risk Factors” and 
include the exposure of the Bank to credit risk, market risk, 
operational risk and liquidity risk.  In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme.  These are set out under “Risk 
Factors” and include certain risks relating to the structure 
of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. 
Description: ........................................  €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: ............................................  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: ...............................................  Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: .........................  Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 10 ---
2 
 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in Section 19 of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent – see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
Fiscal Agent: .......................................  Citibank, N.A. London Branch 
Listing Agent: .....................................  Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
CSD Agent: .........................................  Landsbankinn hf. 
Programme Size: ...............................  Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time and provided that, in relation to any 
Inflation Linked Annuity Notes or Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Notes, the nominal amount outstanding 
shall be calculated by reference to the original nominal 
amount on issue of such Notes, as further specified in the 
Programme Agreement.  The Bank may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: .......................................  Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis.  The Notes will be issued in series (each a 
“Series”) having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the 
first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series.  Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates.  The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, 
where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first 
payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, 
will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be completed in the final terms (the “Final 
Terms”). 
Currencies: .........................................  Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the Bank and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: ..........................................  The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Bank and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Bank or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: .........................................  Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: ...................................  The Notes will be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) as 
described in “Form of the Notes”, or in the case of CSD Notes,

--- Page 11 ---
3 
 
 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  CSD Notes will 
not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes or vice versa. 
The Notes may take the form of an Inflation Linked Annuity Note, 
an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Note (including a 
Note with one payment of principal on Maturity Date), a Fixed Rate 
Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a Reset Note or a 
combination of the foregoing, depending upon the interest basis and 
redemption/payment basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest: ..............................................  Notes may take the form of Inflation Linked Annuity Notes, 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes, Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes, Reset Notes and Zero Coupon Notes.  See 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. 
Interest periods, rates of interest and the terms of and/or amounts 
payable on redemption may differ depending on the Notes being 
issued and such terms will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Inflation Linked Annuity Notes: ......  Inflation Linked Annuity Notes pay an Annuity Amount on such 
date or dates as decided by the Issuer and set out in the Final Terms.  
Calculation of Principal Payments, Interest Payments and Index 
Ratio are as set out in the Terms and Conditions. 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Notes: ..................................  
Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes pay an Equal 
Payment Amount on such date or dates as decided by the Issuer and 
set out in the Final Terms.  Calculation of Principal Payments, 
Interest Payments, Principal Amount Outstanding and Index Ratio 
are as set out in the Terms and Conditions. 
Fixed Rate Notes: ...............................  Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer and on redemption 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: ..........................  Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Bank and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on

--- Page 12 ---
4 
 
 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
Change of Interest Basis: ..................  Notes may be offered in circumstances where the provisions 
relating to Floating Rate Notes will apply for a certain period and, 
at the end of such period, the provisions relating to Fixed Rate 
Notes will apply until the Maturity Date (or vice versa), as set out 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: ..........................  Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Reset Notes: ........................................  Reset Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at an 
initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more 
date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the relevant 
Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Reset 
Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest on Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Redemption: .......................................  The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
following a Tax Event (in the case of any Notes), following an 
Event of Default (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable), 
upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, in respect of which Condition 5.3 is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or upon the occurrence of 
an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in respect of which 
Condition 5.3A is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), as the case may be) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Bank upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer.  The Notes will 
only be redeemed at an amount other than 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount in the case of certain Zero Coupon Notes. 
No early redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes where 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being not applicable, 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Subordinated Notes may take 
place without the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator 
(if and to the extent such consent is required).  See Condition 5.11. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution – see “Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above.

--- Page 13 ---
5 
 
 
Optional redemption: ........................  The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: .........  If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued 
subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or 
on behalf of, the Bank or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Bank may, at its option, on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to 
the holders of such Note in accordance with Condition 12 (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the 
date set for redemption) on any Optional Clean-up Redemption 
Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Clean-up 
Redemption Option shall not apply in respect of Subordinated 
Notes. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: ............  In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes, if the Bank 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Bank may, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate (which shall 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine that 
(i) the relevant benchmark or screen rate may be replaced by a 
Successor Rate or (ii) if there is no Successor Rate but the Bank 
determines there is an Alternative Rate, such Alternative Rate.  An 
Adjustment Spread may also be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with any 
Benchmark Amendments (which shall be determined by the Bank, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which shall 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser).  This is further 
described in Condition 3.5. 
Denomination of Notes: .....................  The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency–- see “Certain Restrictions–- Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above–- and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
Taxation: ............................................  All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6.  In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Bank will, save in certain limited

--- Page 14 ---
6 
 
 
circumstances provided in Condition 6, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge:.................................  The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge provision. 
Cross Default: ....................................  Only the terms of Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events 
of Default is specified as being applicable will contain a cross 
default provision as further described in Condition 8.1. 
Status of the Notes: ............................  The Notes may be issued on a senior preferred (“Senior Preferred 
Notes”), a senior non-preferred (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) 
or a subordinated (“Subordinated Notes”) basis, as described in 
Conditions 2.1, 2.2 and 2.3, respectively, and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the Senior Preferred 
Notes: ..................................................  
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Bank and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Bank 
from time to time outstanding and senior to any Senior Non-
Preferred Liabilities of the Bank, from time to time outstanding. 
In relation to obligations required to be preferred by law, current 
Icelandic law provides that, in the event that the Bank enters into 
winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings, No. 161/2002, the claims of the holders of 
the Senior Preferred Notes will be subordinated to the claims of all 
of the Bank’s depositors. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: ..................................................  
The 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Bank and will at all 
times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic:  slit eða 
gjaldþrot) of the Bank, the rights of the Noteholders to payments 
on or in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall rank: 
 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities 
of the Bank; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Bank 
and any subordinated obligations or other securities of the 
Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank (including, 
without limitation, any Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the 
Bank and (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: ....  The Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Bank and will at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves. 
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic:  slit eða 
gjaldþrot) of the Bank, the rights of the Noteholders to payments 
on or in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall rank:

--- Page 15 ---
7 
 
 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity 
Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of 
Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
Subordinated Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: .................  
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5.10 
applies, if at any time a Capital Event (where Condition 5.3 is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or a 
Tax Event occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness or 
enforceability of Condition 17, the Bank may, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.11 (if, and to the extent so required), 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes 
for, or vary their terms so that they remain, or, as appropriate, 
become, Subordinated Qualifying Securities (as defined in 
Condition 5.10), as further provided in Condition 5.10. 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes – 
Substitution or Variation: .................  
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5.10A 
applies, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event (where 
Condition 5.3A is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or a Tax Event occurs, or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness or enforceability of Condition 17, the Bank may, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 5.11 (if, and to the extent so 
required), either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary their 
terms so that they remain, or, as appropriate, become, in the case of 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities or, 
in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 5.10A), as the case 
may be, as further provided in Condition 5.10A. 
Rating: ................................................  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term (senior) debt 
rating of the Bank is BBB+ (stable outlook) (such rating provided 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”)).  
Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”).  As such Standard & Poor’s is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its 
website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation), in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  
Standard & Poor’s is not established in the United Kingdom but the 
ratings issued by Standard & Poor’s have been endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and have not been withdrawn.  As such, the rating 
issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Notes 
issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating 
agency referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Bank by Standard & Poor’s 
or to Notes already issued.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject

--- Page 16 ---
8 
 
 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Clearing Systems: ..............................  Notes issued under the Programme will be cleared through the 
CSDs, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Listing: ................................................  Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.  The 
Issuer may apply for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
and admitted to trading on the main market of Nasdaq Iceland hf. 
 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which 
stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Passporting: .......................................  Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers in relation to a particular Series of 
Notes.  In particular, Notes may be listed on Nasdaq Iceland hf., as 
more particularly described on page i of this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law: .................................  The Notes (except for the CSD Notes) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law except for the provisions of Condition 2 which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
The CSD Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the CSD Notes will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with Icelandic law. 
Selling Restrictions: ...........................  There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
Iceland), the UK, Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Hong Kong, Canada 
and Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes - see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: ...  Regulation S, Category 2.  TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Use of proceeds: .................................  The net proceeds from each issue of Notes or an amount equal to 
the net proceeds will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, be: 
(i) 
applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit; or 
(ii) 
applied by the Bank to finance or refinance, in whole or in 
part, Eligible Activities and Assets in accordance with the 
Bank’s applicable Sustainable Finance Framework, which 
is available at the Bank’s website; or 
(iii) 
used to finance any other particular identified use of 
proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 17 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Bank may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Bank becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  It is not possible to 
identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Bank may not be aware 
of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as 
a result of the occurrence of events outside the Bank’s control.  The Bank has identified in this Base Prospectus 
a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under 
the Notes. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Bank’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme 
The Bank is subject to the risk and uncertainties described below that may materially affect its business 
operations and financial conditions.  As a result of its business activities, the Bank is exposed to a variety of 
risks, the most significant of which are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk.  Failure to 
control these risks could result in material adverse effects on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Economic and financial market risk 
The Bank’s financial results are significantly affected by general economic and other business conditions in 
Iceland and globally 
These conditions include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment and banking products.  
These cycles are also influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war (including the war in 
Ukraine or Gaza) and other hostilities, as well as by market-specific events, such as shifts in consumer 
confidence and consumer spending, the rate of unemployment, industrial output, labour or social unrest and 
political uncertainty. 
The Bank’s business activities are dependent on the level of banking, finance and financial services required by 
its customers.  In particular, levels of borrowing depend on customer confidence, employment trends, state of 
the economy and market interest rates at each time.  The current environment in Iceland is characterised by a 
high interest rate environment which results in interest-earning assets generating a higher yield upon borrowing 
and refinancing and securities held also generating a higher level of interest income compared to an environment 
characterised by low interest levels, but also increased risk of defaults on loans. 
As the Bank currently conducts most of its business in Iceland, its performance is influenced by the level and 
cyclical nature of business activity in Iceland, which is in turn affected by both domestic and international 
economic and political events.  There can be no assurance that a weakening in the Icelandic economy will not 
have a material effect on the Bank’s future financial results.  See further “The Bank is vulnerable to a range of 
economic risks that face the Icelandic banking system”. 
In addition, market perceptions and reports regarding the Icelandic economy or its performance may influence 
general economic and business conditions in Iceland due to the small size of the Icelandic economy.  These 
perceptions and reports may have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Bank’s retail and corporate banking business may be affected during recessionary conditions, as there may 
be less demand for loan products or certain customers may face financial problems and the Bank may experience 
higher loan defaults.  The impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of borrowers and 
counterparties can affect the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties.  Interest rate increases 
may also impact the demand for mortgages and other loan products and credit quality.  The Bank’s investment

--- Page 18 ---
10 
 
 
banking, securities trading, asset management and private banking services, as well as its investments in, and 
sales of products linked to, financial assets, will be affected by several factors, such as the liquidity of global 
financial markets, the level and volatility of equity prices and interest rates, investor sentiment, inflation and the 
availability and cost of credit, which are related to the economic cycle.  These conditions may have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Bank operates in a market which has changed rapidly in recent years, with increased competition from 
Icelandic or foreign banks, which has increased downward pressure on interest rate margins.  The Bank’s main 
competitors are Arion Bank hf. (“Arion Bank”) Íslandsbanki hf. (“Íslandsbanki”), Kvika banki hf. (“Kvika 
Bank”), Icelandic pension funds and the Icelandic Housing Financing Fund, which merged with the Iceland 
Construction Authority (ice. Mannvirkjastofnun) in 2020 and officially became the Housing and Construction 
Authority (“HCA”).  See further in “Financial Markets in Iceland - Market participants”.  There is always a 
risk of new entrants to the market, foreign or domestic, or for smaller competitors to merge and increase their 
strength.  Such competition could develop in individual market sectors, or in the market as a whole (see further 
in “Description of the Bank - Competition”).  The Bank has a high market share, which it intends to maintain.  
The Bank makes every effort to ensure that its product range, service and prices are competitive, while not 
disregarding its financial objectives, and must constantly monitor its competitors and their offerings.  However, 
there is always a risk that the Bank could lose its competitive edge and that new products could fail to meet the 
demands of the market or compete with competitors’ products.  All of the above could undermine the Bank’s 
income generation and may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
In addition, Iceland’s economy remains vulnerable to other political and economic external factors many of 
which are outside the control of the Icelandic government and instability or deterioration of the international 
financial markets.  The aforementioned could have a material adverse effect on the Icelandic economy, 
especially given the relatively small size of the Icelandic economy and its dependence on trade with external 
partners, particularly the European Union.  Although the financial sector in Iceland is mostly funded by domestic 
deposits, a global recession is likely to affect demand and the price of Iceland’s main export sectors such as 
tourism, fishing and aluminium exports. 
The Bank is vulnerable to a range of economic risks that face the Icelandic banking system 
Economic downturns could affect the Bank’s loan portfolio and lead to increased credit impairments or losses.  
Since most of the Bank’s business is conducted in Iceland, the Bank’s performance is influenced by the overall 
strength of Iceland’s economy, which remains vulnerable to a range of domestic and international economic 
and political factors. 
Economic growth in Iceland was quite robust during the period 2015-2018 (on average 5.0 per cent.) but slowed 
down significantly in 2019 to 1.9 per cent. Gross domestic product (“GDP”) then fell by 6.9 per cent. in 2020 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic which drastically reduced the number of foreign tourist arrivals, but the 
Icelandic economy was disproportionally negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic due to the high 
importance of international tourism to the economy and due to the relatively small size of the Icelandic economy 
(see further in “The Icelandic Economy”).  Despite the COVID-19 pandemic still impacting the tourist industry 
in Iceland in 2021, GDP in 2021 increased by 4.5 per cent. from the previous year.  Preliminary estimates from 
Statistics Iceland suggest that GDP increased by 7.2 per cent. in 2022, driven by 8.5 per cent. increase in private 
consumption, a 2.2 per cent. increase in government consumption, a 7.6 per cent. increase in fixed capital 
formation and a 22.3 per cent. increase in exports of goods and services.  Imports of goods and services increased 
by 19.9 per cent. 
Inflation, a factor that could affect the strength of the Icelandic economy has increased in Iceland which has led 
to several interest rate hikes by the Central Bank of Iceland (“CBI”).  Currently high interest rates are expected 
to cause slower economic growth in Iceland than seen in most previous years, where high financing costs put 
constraints on companies’ operations and slow down private consumption.  Tourism growth is expected to slow 
down in coming years. 
The economic outlook of many of Iceland’s main trading partner countries is unstable not least due to growing 
geopolitical tension and armed conflict.  Volcanic activity in the Reykjanes peninsula could pose a threat to 
local infrastructure and tourism.

--- Page 19 ---
11 
 
 
The last meeting of the Financial Stability Committee (“FSC”) of the Central Bank of Iceland was held on 13 
March 2024.1 FSC agreed that the Icelandic financial system is on solid footing, and the systematically 
important banks have strong capital and liquidity as well as access to funding.  The monetary stance has been 
tightened with lower inflation and unchanged interest rates and aggregate demand is rebalancing.  Debt ratios 
have fallen, and households’ equity position has improved with a rise in house prices.  On the other hand, debt 
service burden has increased for borrowers.  Higher real interest rates have tightened firms’ operating 
environment and are likely to continue affecting them in the coming months.  Firms’ equity is however strong 
in most sectors, adding to resilience.  In the view of the committee, increased debt service burden and a slower 
growth in economic activity can increase the likelihood of financial distress with negative implications for 
financial stability, which could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the Bank.  
The FSC stresses the importance that financial institutions can provide uninterrupted service and to safeguard 
the operational security of financial market infrastructure to the maximum extent possible.  Operational risk is 
on the rise, owing to technological innovation, attempted cyberattacks and cyberfraud, and other causes. 
The economic and financial environment, together with the operating and financial conditions of borrowers, 
may affect the Bank’s levels of non-performing loans, determination of loan values and the level of write-offs 
– see further in the section entitled “Description of the Bank – Loan portfolio”.  Levels of credit impaired loans, 
determination of loan values and the levels of write-offs will depend on general economic developments and 
operating and financial conditions of the relevant borrowers.  No assurance can be given that the rate of credit 
impaired loans will decrease in the future.  The Icelandic banks could be adversely affected if other 
developments in the Icelandic economy or internationally result in a further decline in Iceland’s economic 
growth, particularly in countries that constitute Iceland’s main trading partners such as European countries. 
Should Iceland’s economy be adversely affected by domestic or external factors, whether as a result of any of 
the above factors or for other reasons, such as fluctuation in the value of the Icelandic krona, lack of foreign 
investment, inflation, global recession, higher unemployment rate, natural disasters, pandemics or strikes due 
to unsuccessful collective bargaining negotiations, it could adversely affect the ability of the Bank’s customers 
to repay their loans which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial 
conditions, results of operations, cash flows and prospects, and its ability to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk.  The inability of the Bank to anticipate and provide for unforeseen 
changes in funding sources could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s ability to meet its obligations 
as and when they fall due 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with 
financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset, or of having to do so at excessive 
cost.  This risk arises from maturity mismatch between financial liabilities and financial assets.  Liquidity risk 
is a significant risk factor for the Bank and the Bank places emphasis on monitoring and managing liquidity 
risk.  Deposits from customers are the Bank’s single largest funding source.  As of 31 March 2024, deposits 
from customers formed 54.3 per cent. of total assets compared to 53.5 per cent. at year-end 2023 and 54.2 per 
cent. at year-end 20222. 
The Bank was an active issuer in the domestic bond market in 2023 through its covered bonds issuances.  In 
addition, the Bank continued issuing bonds in foreign currencies through its Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme and Covered Bond Programme (see further in “Description of the Bank - Funding”).  The ability of 
the Bank to access the domestic and international capital markets depends on a variety of factors, including 
market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities and the credit rating of the 
Bank.  The aforementioned factors could limit the Bank’s ability to raise funding in the capital markets (see 
further section entitled “The Bank is exposed to refinancing risk.  The inability of the Bank to refinance its 
outstanding debt could have a material adverse impact on the Bank’s business”).  There is therefore a material 
risk that it may be unable to repay its obligations when due or will only be able to do so at excessive cost.  This 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of 
operations and therefore its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
 
1 
Source:  Financial Stability 2024/1, published by the Central Bank on 13 March 2024 
2 
Definition:  Deposits/total assets is calculated deposits from customers/total assets

--- Page 20 ---
12 
 
 
The Bank’s liquidity management policy is built on international standards on liquidity risk measurements 
developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”), for example the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) and it also applies 
measurements that best suit the operating environment of the Bank.  The Bank’s total LCR as of 31 March 2024 
was 272 per cent. (year-end 2023:  181 per cent. and year-end 2022:  134 per cent.) and the Bank’s LCR in euro 
was 947 per cent. (year-end 2023: 1,499 per cent. and year-end 2022:  351 per cent. in foreign exchange) and 
157 per cent. in ISK (year- end 2023:  129 per cent. and year-end 2022:  99 per cent.), well above regulatory 
limits. The Bank’s net stable funding ratio in foreign currencies was 157 per cent. as of 31 March 2024 (year- 
end 2023:  145 per cent. and year-end 2022:  132 per cent.) and total NSFR was 127 per cent. as of 31 March 
2024 (year-end 2023:  123 per cent. and year-end 2022:  117 per cent.).  See further in “Description of the Issuer 
– Risk management framework”, 2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements, the 2023 Financial Statements and the 
2022 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Although the Bank has in place a liquidity management policy, the Bank will continue to be exposed to a 
material risk that it may be unable to repay its obligations under its funding instruments when due or will only 
be able to do so at excessive cost, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, 
financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to a range of market risks, the most significant being interest rate, foreign exchange 
indexation, consumer price index risks and equity risks 
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate because of 
changes in market prices.  Market risk arises from open positions in currency, equity and interest rate products, 
all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements and changing volatility levels in market 
rates and prices, for instance in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. 
Changes in interest rate levels, inflation, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin realised 
between lending and borrowing costs.  The current environment of high interest rates has resulted in interest 
earning assets such as residential mortgage loans, or other loans and securities held, generating higher yields 
upon origination or refinancing, as well as higher levels of interest income respectively, when compared to the 
previous low interest rate environment.  Changes in currency rates affect the value of assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing.  The performance of 
financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Bank’s investment and trading portfolios. 
• 
A major portion of the Bank’s assets and liabilities are interest-bearing.  The Bank’s interest rate risk 
arises from the impact of interest rate changes on the Bank’s assets and liabilities since a major portion 
of the Bank’s assets and liabilities are interest-bearing in one manner or another.  Limited access to 
capital markets could have a negative effect on the Bank’s revenues as it may be unable to correct 
interest rate imbalances between assets and liabilities, based on the timing of interest rate reset or 
maturity.  For example, risks can arise if there are fixed and variable interest rate items in the same 
maturity bracket; this may lead to open interest rate positions on the assets or liabilities side.  This could 
then affect the Bank’s profitability.  The Bank may also be limited in its ability to adjust interest rates 
applied to customers due to competitive pressures. 
• 
Increased volatility in the foreign exchange markets.  The Bank’s foreign exchange risk arises from 
exposure to unanticipated changes in the exchange rate between currencies.  Increased volatility in the 
foreign exchange markets could have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
• 
Increased volatility in the equity markets.  The Bank’s equity risk comes from both proprietary and 
securities trading.  Elevated uncertainty in the financial markets could lead to increased volatility in the 
equity markets.  This could lead to a devaluation of equities and investment funds held by the Bank and 
have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
• 
Imbalance in Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) linked assets and liabilities.  CPI indexation risk is the 
risk that the fair value or future cash flows of CPI linked financial instruments may fluctuate due to 
changes in the Icelandic CPI.  The Bank offers CPI linked mortgage loans and consumer loans and 
receives funding in the form of CPI linked borrowing and deposits.  Therefore, the Bank is exposed to

--- Page 21 ---
13 
 
 
inflation risk when there is a mismatch between its assets and liabilities linked to the CPI.  In the case 
of deflation in the CPI, there could be a corresponding impact on the balance sheet and loss to the Bank.  
The Bank’s total CPI indexation balance at 31 March 2024 amounted to ISK 72.96 billion (year-end 
2023: ISK 74.75 billion and year-end 2022:  ISK 7.9 billion)3, or 23.5 per cent. of total capital base 
(year-end 2023:  24.6 per cent. and year-end 2022:  2.7 per cent.)4.  For capital requirement assessment, 
the CBI looks at the capital requirement neutral CPI imbalance (based on the SREP requirement 
including Pillar 1, Pillar 2-R, capital buffers and 1 per cent. management buffer).  This Regulatory 
Imbalance approach can lower the capital requirement for CPI risk. 
See further, the 2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements, the 2023 Financial Statements and the 2022 Financial 
Statements which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  Although the Bank has in place a 
range of risk management procedures designed to mitigate the aforementioned risks, see further in “Description 
of the Bank - Risk Management Framework”, there is no guarantee that the procedures will be effective in all 
circumstances, in which case the Bank could experience material losses.  Any losses due to market risk exposure 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of 
operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to refinancing risk.  The inability of the Bank to refinance its outstanding debt could 
have a material adverse impact on the Bank’s business 
The Bank is predominantly funded by customer deposits, market funding and share capital.  The Bank has 
diversified its funding profile by issuing bonds, and covered bonds in the domestic and international markets, 
see further section entitled “The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk.  The inability of the Bank to anticipate and 
provide for unforeseen changes in funding sources could have a material adverse effect on the Bank´s ability to 
meet its obligations as and when they fall due”.  The inability of the Bank to refinance its outstanding debt in 
the future, at the right time and at a favourable interest rate could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s 
business, prospects, financial position and/or result of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  Information regarding the Bank’s funding is further described in “Description of the Bank - 
Funding”. 
Should one or more of the Bank’s counterparties fail to fulfil its obligations, it may result in material adverse 
effects on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
Granting of credit is the Bank’s major source of income and credit risk is the Bank’s most significant risk factor.  
Credit risk is defined as the risk that a party to a financial instrument, be it a client, customer or market 
counterparty, will cause a financial loss to the Bank by failing to fulfil its obligations. 
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Bank’s customers and counterparties or a general deterioration in 
Icelandic or global economic conditions, or arising from systematic risks in the financial systems, could affect 
the recoverability and value of the Bank’s assets and require an increase in the Bank’s provision for credit 
exposures and other provisions.  Specific issues and events where credit risk could adversely affect revenues 
include but are not limited to: 
• 
Concentration of loan portfolio in certain sectors could adversely affect the Bank.  The Bank’s loan 
portfolio is relatively concentrated in key sectors.  These are households, fisheries, real estate 
companies, construction and the travel industry.  See further in “Description of the Bank - Loan 
Portfolio”.  Downturns in these sectors that would influence customers’ ability to meet their obligations 
may have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
• 
Deterioration of economic conditions could increase the required loan impairment for the Bank.  The 
Bank’s customer loan portfolio is predominately comprised of loans to Icelandic Borrowers.  Higher 
unemployment rates, persistent high inflation, reduced personal disposable income levels and increased 
personal and corporate insolvency rates may reduce customers’ ability to repay loans.  See further in 
 
3 
See further the significant changes in note 52 of the 2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements and note 76 of the 
2023 Financial Statements which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.   
4  
Total CPI linked balance/total capital base.

--- Page 22 ---
14 
 
 
“Description of the Bank - Loan Portfolio”.  This, in addition to depressed asset valuations could have 
an impact on the adequacy of the Bank’s loss reserves and future impairment charges. 
• 
Ongoing seismic and volcanic activity in the Reykjanes peninsula could have a negative effect on 
customers in the region.  All buildings in Iceland are insured by the Natural catastrophe insurance of 
Iceland.  See further note 3 in the 2023 Financial Statements and note 3 in Q1 Interim Financial 
Statements. 
• 
The Bank offers non-indexed mortgages with fixed rates for a period of either 3 or 5 years.  Many 
customers took advantage of favourable interest rates during the Covid-19 pandemic and fixed the rates 
on their non-indexed mortgages, when the Icelandic environment was characterised by low interest 
rates.  A total of approximately  ISK 172 billion, (as at the end of 31 March 2024), of non-indexed 
fixed-rate mortgages will be due for repricing within the next 15 months.  Taking note of the current 
high-interest rate environment, this will likely result in an increased debt service of these mortgages as 
they transition to floating rates.  Several options are available for these customers, such as refinancing 
into indexed loans to reduce debt service.  Although, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank’s 
mortgage portfolio has shown resilience, as the repricing of loans has not increased “past due” ratios, 
in a significant way, the Bank may experience a material increase on “past due” ratios in the future, 
after the refinancing of the aforementioned loans. 
The creditworthiness of the Bank’s counterparties may deteriorate.  The Bank cannot guarantee that currently 
performing loans will not become credit impaired loans in the future or that impairments or losses relating to 
credit impaired loans will not occur.  Furthermore, an increase in prepayments may decrease interest income 
for the Bank.  The Bank attempts to manage the aforementioned risks through its credit risk management 
policies, by monitoring the extension of credit to customers and the taking of collateral, but there is no guarantee 
that such precautions will be effective, and the Bank could be exposed to more credit risk than it finds 
acceptable.  See further in “Description of the Bank – Risk Management Framework”.  For instance, the credit 
quality of the Bank’s borrowers could decline, the value of the collateral could decline, inherent risk in each 
loan application could be assessed incorrectly and deviations from the rules by committees allowed to make 
such deviations could become more frequent, especially in response to increase competition amongst lenders 
due to any deterioration in the economic situation in Iceland.  Furthermore, if employees do not comply with 
the Bank’s credit risk management policies it can result in riskier loans being extended than permitted within 
the Bank’s risk appetite. 
As at year-end 2023, the Bank’s key risk metrics for credit risk were all within the Bank’s risk appetite, having 
developed positively in 2023.  The ratio of carrying amounts of loans in default was 1.4 per cent. at year-end 
2023 as the default rate remains low.  If any customer, or an industry sector to which the Bank is exposed, 
defaults or experiences a significant deterioration in business or prospects, as the case may be, the Bank may 
experience a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, financial position and/or result of operation, and 
its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Sustainability risk 
Sustainability risk is defined as risk that stems from the current or prospective impact of environmental, social 
and governance (“ESG”) factors on an institution’s counterparties or invested assets, i.e., the risk arising from 
the core activities of institutions.  Sustainability risk materialises through the amplification of traditional 
categories of financial risks (credit risk, market risk, operational and reputational risks, liquidity and funding 
risks). 
The Bank publicly declared support for the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) in 
2022 and continued its work on science-based targets for reducing carbon emissions from its operation.  The 
Bank has assessed the impact and materiality of different sustainability risk factors on other material financial 
risk factors in its operations.  The assessment underpins further implementation of sustainability related 
assessments, measures and mitigants in the Bank’s risk framework.  Development and integration of 
sustainability risk assessment within the Bank’s risk framework will continue in 2024.  The main challenges the 
Bank faces in that regard are the definition of relevant measures, identification of necessary data to apply those 
measures as well as the collection of identified data.  Failure to manage sustainability risk could have a material

--- Page 23 ---
15 
 
 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability 
to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Business related risks 
Operational risks are inherent in the Bank’s business activities and are typical of comparable businesses 
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly 
or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and business rules, 
equipment failure, natural disasters or the failure or inadequacy of internal processes or systems or external 
systems; for example, those of the Bank’s suppliers or counterparties. 
The Bank has in place and maintains necessary rules and working procedures and keeps them accessible to all 
employees on the Bank’s intranet.  It is intended to ensure that key information on work processes is available 
in one place.  However, there is no guarantee that mistakes will not be made, which might have a material 
impact on the Bank’s business. 
Both current and former employees of the Bank can damage the Bank if they infringe its rules either 
intentionally or through negligence.  While it is difficult to evaluate the damage in each instance, the loss can 
be financial and/or detrimental to the Bank’s reputation.  The Bank could suffer a loss, as a result of criminal 
actions, such as a bank robbery, fraud, cyber-crimes, money laundering or embezzlement.  All of these risk 
factors could cause the Bank extensive damage and affect its performance. 
In 2023 there was a slight increase in the number of operational incidents compared to previous years.  There 
were no major operational incidents in 2023 but one major credit loss incident related to external fraud.  The 
operational risk profile remains stable, but the number of attempts of fraud and cybercrime targeting the Bank’s 
customers continues to grow.  The war in Ukraine has not impacted the Bank directly but has led to a review of 
the Bank’s crisis response plans and has prompted a review of Iceland’s dependency on the undersea cables 
connecting the country to the internet.  
The Bank has implemented controls designed to detect, monitor and mitigate operational risks – see further in 
the section entitled “Description of the Bank – Risk Management Framework”.  However, there is a risk that 
these controls cannot completely eliminate such risks as some can be difficult to detect or recommendations and 
suggestions of surveillance units of the Bank (such as the compliance and internal audit functions) could be 
ignored, misunderstood or misapplied and mitigation may fail to be effective.  Failures in internal controls could 
subject the Bank to regulatory scrutiny.  Such events could harm the Bank’s reputation and have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability 
to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Cyberattacks 
Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Bank’s internet banking users and include potential unauthorised 
access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet banking credentials as well as 
account and credit card information.  The Bank is responsible for safeguarding such confidential information 
and must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws when dealing with such data according to the 
European General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).  The Bank’s activities have been, and are expected 
to continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of phishing Trojan attacks and denial 
of service attacks, the nature of which are continually evolving.  The Bank believes it has in place investments 
to address threats from cyberattacks, but the Bank cannot guarantee that these investments will be successful in 
part or in full or without significant additional expenditures.  See further “The Bank is exposed to the risk of 
breach of security, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and personal data, or functionality of 
its information systems that could have materially adverse effects on the Bank’s business”.  The Bank may 
experience security breaches or unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could, 
in turn, result in liabilities or losses to the Bank, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on 
the Bank’s business, prospects, reputation, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make 
payments of the Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
16 
 
 
Environmental disasters, natural catastrophes, pandemics and acts of war could have a negative impact on 
the Bank’s revenues and on-going operation 
As a bank with substantially all of its operations in Iceland, any environmental disasters and natural catastrophes 
in Iceland could significantly impair the environment in which the Bank operates.  Although natural catastrophes 
and environmental disasters are unforeseen factors that could threaten the Bank’s ability to maintain its 
operations, attempts are made to limit this risk by ensuring the security of critical equipment, its location and 
distribution between risk areas.  The Operational Risk Department is responsible for business continuity 
management and for maintaining the Bank’s disaster recovery plans.  The Bank also has in place specific 
disaster recovery and business continuity plans.  See further section entitled “Description of the Bank – Risk 
management framework”.  Although the Bank endeavours to hedge operational risk by implementing 
appropriate control processes and maintains customary insurance policies for its operations, it is possible that 
these measures may prove to be ineffective and that the Bank’s insurance may not cover all losses.  Any losses 
experienced by the Bank due to environmental disaster, natural catastrophes, pandemics or act of wars could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or result of operations, 
and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Failure to manage compliance risk could adversely affect the Bank’s business 
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss or damage to the Bank’s reputation as 
a result of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, codes of conduct and standards of good practice, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Bank’s prospects and ability to make payments in respect of the 
Notes.  The Bank’s independent Compliance function manages compliance risk as a second line function.  See 
further in “Description of the Bank – Other divisions”. 
Key processes include regulatory horizon scanning, regular compliance risk assessment, compliance monitoring 
and follow-up, product governance, training and advice, and regular reporting to senior management. 
Key compliance risks include measures against money laundering, terrorist financing, bribery and corruption, 
sanctions, and other forms of financial crime, personal data protection, consumer protection, market abuse and 
anti-trust. 
The Bank believes that current governance and controls are adequate to effectively manage compliance risk.  
Nevertheless, the Bank cannot exclude the possibility of non-compliance, or the possibility of failing to 
adequately implement changes to regulatory requirements.  Such failures may have severe legal and reputational 
consequences for the Bank and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial conditions and 
results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Increased competition and changes in ownership of the Bank’s main competitors may affect the Bank and 
its business 
As demand for new lending and other financial products increases, the Bank expects to face increased 
competition from other Icelandic commercial banks, pension funds, smaller specialised institutions and from 
less regulated financial institutions (see “Description of the Bank - Competition”).  Competition from emerging 
financial technology firms (“fintechs”) is likely to increase further following the transposition of the Revised 
Payment Service Directive No. 2015/2366 (“PSD2”) into Icelandic law with Act No. 114/2021 on payment 
services, fully implemented on 1 May 2022.  Now that PSD2 has come into full effect, the distribution of 
financial services is open to non-banks and consequently, retail banking revenues could decrease.  The 
envisaged PSD3 directive and FIDA regulation (Framework for Financial Data Access) might also be of impact.  
Competitive pressures caused by fintech’s, and in particular, the emergence of open banking, may cause greater 
and faster disruption to banks’ business models and revenues in Iceland.  This could negatively affect the Bank’s 
revenues, and business. 
The banking system is highly concentrated and mainly consists of four commercial banks:  Arion Bank, 
Íslandsbanki and the Bank, all of which are defined as domestic systemically important banks and account for 
the majority of banking system assets, and Kvika Bank.  There are also a few smaller savings banks and financial 
institutions that are also in the banking system.  Until recently Arion Bank and Kvika Bank were the only banks 
which were owned by private investors and publicly listed.  In June 2021, Íslandsbanki joined them when the

--- Page 25 ---
17 
 
 
government sold the first part of its stake, followed by an additional sale in March 2022.  This leaves the Bank 
the only Icelandic bank which is not publicly listed. 
According to the Icelandic State Financial Investments (“ISFI”), which manages the shareholding and the 
corresponding voting rights in the Bank and Íslandsbanki, on behalf of the largest shareholder, the Icelandic 
State Treasury, it is the intention of the ISFI to retain a substantial equity stake in the Bank for the long-term.  
No decision will be made on the sale process of the Bank until the Icelandic State Treasury has sold the 
remaining shares in Íslandsbanki.  As the date of the Base Prospectus, the Treasury of Iceland owns 42.5 per 
cent. of shares in Íslandsbanki and intends to sell a large stake in 2024 and its final remaining stake in 2025.  
For further information see the section entitled “The Icelandic State Treasury is the largest shareholder of the 
Bank” and “Description of the Bank - Shareholder, Share Capital and Dividend policy”. 
Although the Bank is state-owned, the Bank operates in a competitive market and needs to be a valuable asset 
for shareholders and to ensure success, the Bank must continue to add income streams that strengthen is 
operations and allow it to offer even more diverse financial service.  To keep up with the rapid development in 
the financial market, the Bank had previously contemplated the benefits of incorporating insurance services into 
its offerings.  Late in the year 2023, Kvika Bank initiated a formal sales process for TM tryggingar hf. (“TM”), 
an insurance entity under its ownership.  In March 2024 the Bank and Kvika Bank disclosed an agreement to 
commence exclusive negotiations regarding the Bank’s acquisition of all Kvika Bank’s equity in TM. An 
agreement for the purchase by the Bank of TM was signed on 30 May 2024, following the completion of a due 
diligence process. The Bank will assume operation of TM once approval by the Icelandic Competition Authority 
and the Financial Supervisory Authority is obtained.   
Given that a significant portion of the Bank’s ownership lies with the Icelandic state, it is apparent that the Bank 
may face competitive constraints, accompanied by the substantial political risk and public sentiment inherent to 
such ownership. 
Merger activities have been taking place in the Icelandic financial markets in recent years.  Since 2016, the 
commercial bank, Arion Bank has been the proprietor of the insurance company Vörður tryggingar hf.  In 
October 2023 the insurance company Vátryggingafélag Íslands hf. (“VÍS”) acquired all shares of Fossar 
Investment Bank, creating the merged entity now known as Skagi hf., which is strategizing to penetrate the 
market.  Furthermore, in May 2024, Skagi hf. acquired 97.07 per cent. of Íslensk verðbréf hf., an asset 
management and financial service company. 
If merger activity among smaller or larger financial institutions manages to produce larger, better capitalised 
companies, they could offer a wider array of products and services at more competitive prices, competition 
might intensify even further in the coming years. 
In addition, if there is sufficient credit demand, the Bank may potentially face competition from non-domestic 
banks seeking to establish operations in Iceland, in particular with respect to the customers of the Corporate 
Banking, and Asset Management & Capital Markets divisions.  The Financial Stability Counsel of Iceland 
(“FSC”) places the Bank and other systemically important financial institutions under considerable regulatory 
scrutiny.  This can hinder the Bank’s competitiveness.  Due to the small economy of Iceland and the Bank’s 
lack of scale advantage compared to some other non-domestic banks and high regulatory obligations, as a 
systematically important financial institution in Iceland, foreign competitors may have more resources and 
financial means available to them, compared to the Bank, allowing foreign competitors to offer banking products 
at a lower price.  The Bank may have to comply with regulatory requirements that may not apply to such foreign 
competitors, creating an unequal competitive environment.  For example, in addition to the basic corporate 
income tax rate in Iceland the Bank is subject to certain other taxes, which are specific to Iceland, and which 
increase its effective tax rate and its effective cost of funding, which in turn can inhibit its ability to compete 
effectively with domestic and foreign lenders who are not subject to such additional taxes.  (see “Changes in 
tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Bank’s business”). 
The Bank will continue to offer the full range of specialised financial products to individuals, corporate entities 
and institutions and to work on product development to meet increased competition and keep up with the rapid 
development in digital technology.  If the Bank is unable to provide attractive financial products and services 
at competitive prices, or to implement solutions to keep up with development in digital technology, it may lose

--- Page 26 ---
18 
 
 
market share which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position 
and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Icelandic banking system is relatively small and has been subject to restructuring, which could limit 
opportunities and involve risks that could materially affect the Bank 
The Bank, Arion Bank and Íslandsbanki (the “Three Banks”) are the largest commercial banks in Iceland and 
were established after the banking crisis in 2008.  The banking system is highly concentrated, and the Three 
Banks account for a majority of banking system assets.  The proportion of the three largest commercial banks 
of total assets of the financial system was 77 per cent. at year-end 2023.  The proportion of government credit 
funds, of which ÍL-sjóður is largest, was 15 per cent. of the total assets of the financial system. The Icelandic 
banking system is small, and the Three Banks have had limited opportunities for growth.  The Bank is the only 
bank of the Three Banks not publicly listed and wholly stated owned. 
The Bank has so far primarily engaged in domestic lending in Icelandic krona, but the Bank has limited funding 
opportunities in Icelandic krona, namely its ISK denominated deposits and its covered bond and debt securities 
issuance facilities.  External factors may affect the Bank’s depositor base as an increase in the availability of 
alternative investment opportunities arise in the future.  Due to the small economy and present competition for 
funding, there are limited opportunities for the growth of funding opportunities in krona.  Consequently, the 
Bank’s ability to increase its corporate lending is limited and will continue to be limited unless the Bank is able 
to find additional sources of funding in Icelandic krona (see “Description of the Bank - Funding”). 
The relatively small banking system, given the small size of the Icelandic economy (see “The Icelandic 
Economy”), and the ongoing restructuring of the Icelandic banking sector have affected and continue to affect 
the Icelandic banks.  Following the financial crisis in 2008, some political and legislative decisions have been 
made which have had a material adverse effect on the Bank and public sentiment towards the banking sector 
has at times been negative.  Various ideas have been discussed on how to improve the banking sector in Iceland, 
one being to initiate a sale process on either of the two state owned banks, namely Landsbankinn and 
Íslandsbanki, which was the case with Íslandsbanki (see “Increased competition and changes in ownership of 
the Bank’s main competitors may affect the Bank and its business”).  Another is the introduction of a potential 
law requiring the separation of commercial banking activities from investment banking activities, which could 
require the Bank to divest or otherwise restructure some of its operations.  No such requirements have been 
enacted to-date, but there can be no assurance that such law or similar or related measures will not be proposed 
and ultimately be enacted, which in turn could have a material negative effect on the Bank’s business. 
The occurrence of any of the factors described above could seriously undermine Iceland’s economy and 
confidence in the banking system in Iceland and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, 
financial condition and operating results and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank is exposed to the risk of breach of security, unauthorised disclosure of confidential information 
and personal data, or functionality of its information systems that could have materially adverse effects on 
the Bank’s business 
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on Information and communication technology (“ICT”) 
systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches and towards greater reliance on internet 
websites and the development and use of new applications on smartphones.  The Bank’s ICT systems comprise 
a significant operational risk, both with regard to their functioning and accessibility.  The Bank’s ICT systems 
are varied and, in many instances, depend upon co-operating partners and they are vulnerable to a number of 
problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, interruptions in network availability, hacking, human 
error, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses.  Various kinds of external attacks, viruses, 
denial of service attacks or other types of attacks on the Bank’s computer systems could disrupt the Bank’s 
operations.  The Bank has in place specific disaster recovery and business continuity plans, including back-up 
sites.  Furthermore, the Bank is certified in accordance with ISO 27001, the international standards on 
information security.  This standard helps the Bank in assessing and monitoring operational risk in the certified 
areas.  It is not entirely possible, however, to eliminate operational risk arising from unexpected events. 
As part of its business, the Bank is responsible for safeguarding information such as personal customer, 
merchant data and transaction data.  ICT systems need regular upgrades to meet the needs of changing business 
and regulatory requirements and to keep up with developments in the market and to be able to rely on

--- Page 27 ---
19 
 
 
information and communication technology more broadly.  The Bank believes it has in place sufficient policies 
and procedures to comply with relevant data protection and privacy laws by its employees and any third-party 
service providers.  The Bank has also taken necessary steps to implement and maintain appropriate security 
measures to protect confidential information.  However, the Bank may not be able to implement necessary 
upgrades on a timely basis and upgrades may fail to function as planned.  In addition to costs that may be 
incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical issues associated with, as well as the general 
cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, the Bank could face fines from regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it 
to comply with applicable banking or reporting regulations, including data protection regulations. 
The Bank maintains back-up systems for its operations and one of the back-up systems is located outside its 
premises.  However, under limited circumstances, for example, in the event of a major catastrophe resulting in 
the failure of its ICT systems, the Bank could lose certain recently entered data with regards to its operation 
located outside its premises. 
In the event of a breach of applicable law due to loss of confidential information, or as a result of unauthorised 
third-party access, this could result in additional costs relating to compensation, fines, reputational damage, loss 
of relationship with financial institutions, sanctions, legal proceedings, and adverse regulatory actions against 
the Bank, by the authorities, customers, merchants or other third parties.  Unauthorised disclosure of confidential 
information could occur in a number of circumstances, including as a result of software or hardware 
malfunctions, interruption in network availability, hacking, human error, physical damage to vital ICT centres 
and computer viruses, as well as physical security breaches due to unauthorised personnel gaining physical 
access to confidential information. 
In 2018, the GDPR was implemented in Iceland by Act No. 90/2018, and other jurisdictions in which the Bank 
operates.  The Bank is exposed to the enhanced data protection requirements under the GDPR and has needed 
to make additional changes to its operations, which incurred additional costs, in order to comply with the GDPR.  
A designated Data Protection Officer is within the Bank, to ensure full compliance with the GDPR.  Failure to 
comply with the GDPR could subject the Bank to substantial fines. 
Although the Bank maintains customary insurance policies for its operations, such insurance policies may not 
be adequate to compensate the Bank for all losses that may occur as a result of any aforementioned damage, 
interruption, failure or lack of capacity.  A sustained failure of the Bank’s ICT systems centrally or across its 
branches would have a significant impact on its operations, reputation and the confidence of its customers in 
the reliability and safety of its banking systems and could result in costly litigations.  Any of the aforementioned 
factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position, reputation 
and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank relies on third-party service providers, which may fail to perform their contractual obligations, 
which could have materially adverse effects on the Bank’s business 
The Bank relies on the services, products and knowledge of third-party service providers in the operation of its 
business.  No assurance can be given that the third-party service providers selected by the Bank will be able to 
provide the products and services for which they have been contracted, for example, as a result of failing to 
have the relevant capabilities, products or services in place or due to changed regulatory requirements. 
The Bank also faces the risk that third-party service providers may become insolvent, enter into default or fail 
to perform their contractual obligations in a timely manner (or at all) or fail to perform their contractual 
obligations at an adequate and acceptable level.  Any such failure from any third-party service provider, such 
as ICT system service providers, could lead to interruptions in the Bank’s operations or result in vulnerability 
of its ICT systems, exposing the Bank to operational failures, additional costs or cyber-attacks.  The Bank may 
need to replace a third-party service provider, on short notice, to resolve any potential problems, and the search 
for and payment to a new third-party service provider, on short notice, or any other measures to remedy such 
potential problems may be costly. 
The Bank generally includes confidentiality obligations in its agreements with third party partners, or service 
providers, who may have access to confidential information.  Although the obligations restrict such third parties 
from using or disclosing any such confidential information, these contractual measures may not be able to 
prevent the unauthorised use, modification, destruction or disclosure of confidential information.  Further, the

--- Page 28 ---
20 
 
 
Bank might not be able to seek reimbursement from such third party in case of a breach of confidentiality or 
data security obligations. 
Any failure by a third-party service provider to deliver the contracted products and services in a timely manner 
(or at all) or to deliver products and services in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and at an 
adequate and acceptable level could result in reputational damage, additional costs relating to customers and/or 
merchant compensations or other charges, claims, losses and damages and have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank, its business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. 
The Bank’s future success depends, in part, on its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified and 
experienced banking and management personnel 
The Bank’s performance is to a large extent dependent on the performance of its senior management and highly 
skilled employees.  The departure of key members of its senior management or employees may delay the 
attainment of the Bank’s business objectives significantly and could have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  The average number of full-time equivalent positions 
during the year in 2023 was 849 compared to 843 in 2022.  Salaries and related expenses year over year was 
ISK 15,866 in 2023 compared with ISK 14,474 in the previous year. 
The Bank’s remuneration policy is determined by the Board of Directors and approved by the Annual General 
Meeting (“AGM”) and applies to the Board of Directors, the Executive Board and all the Bank’s employees.  
The Bank does not offer variable remuneration.  When the labour market is experiencing wage inflation the 
Bank may come under pressure to increase the salaries of its employees.  Salary increases can lead to increases 
in the Bank’s expenditure which could have adverse effect on the Bank’s business, financial condition, and 
ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
In addition, competition for personnel with relevant expertise is significant, due to the relatively small number 
of qualified and available individuals in Iceland, as the Bank competes for talented personnel with both financial 
and non-financial services companies.  Furthermore, the Bank may be subject to additional limitations on 
compensation imposed by Icelandic law or public sentiment, and therefore unable to offer employees rates of 
compensation comparable to its larger international competitors or smaller domestic competitors which may be 
able to offer more flexible compensation structures.  Failure to attract, recruit and retain senior management and 
key employees with institutional and customer knowledge may delay the Bank’s achievement of its business 
objectives significantly and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business and its ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. 
Damage to the Bank’s image and reputation could adversely affect its operation 
The image and reputation of the Bank are some of the Bank’s most valuable assets.  The risk of damage to the 
Bank’s image or reputation is present whenever it is the subject of discussion.  The ability to attract and retain 
customers, staff and conduct business with its counterparties could be jeopardised if the Bank’s reputation is 
badly affected.  Damage to its image or reputation (such as a perception that the Bank has failed to address 
various issues) could prompt the Bank’s customers to direct their business elsewhere which could result in loss 
of revenues – see further in the section entitled “Description of the Bank – Competition”.  This could have a 
negative impact on the Bank’s business and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.  Such 
reputational issues include, but are not limited to: 
• 
the fact the Icelandic State Treasury is the largest shareholder of the Bank (see. “The Icelandic State 
Treasury is the largest shareholder of the Bank.  This may affect the Bank and its business”).  The 
Bank’s state-ownership makes it more sensitive to public sentiment.; 
• 
poor customer services or ICT failures or interruptions that impact customer service and accounts (see 
“The Bank is exposed to the risk of breach of security, unauthorised disclosure of confidential 
information and personal data, or functionality of its information system that could have materially 
adverse effect on the Bank’s business”); 
• 
failure to maintain appropriate standards of customer privacy and record keeping and disclosure of 
confidential information (see Cyberattacks);

--- Page 29 ---
21 
 
 
• 
statements concerning matters of the Bank from a high-level representative that are adversely perceived 
by the public; 
• 
failure to properly identify legal, regulatory, operational, credit, liquidity and market risks that are 
inherent in the Bank’s services (see. “The Bank is exposed to a range of market risks, the most 
significant being, interest rate, foreign exchange indexation, consumer price index risks and equity 
risks” and “Operational risks are inherent in the Bank’s business activities and are typical of 
comparable businesses”); 
• 
failure to demonstrate that the Bank adequately addresses the environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) issues, as increased regulation and public awareness related to ESG related developments 
involves; 
• 
breach or allegation of having breached laws or regulations (see “Regulatory changes or enforcement 
initiatives could increase compliance costs and adversely affect the Bank’s business, if the Bank 
becomes subject to increasingly complex requirements”, “Litigation” and “Operational risks are 
inherent in the Bank’s business activities and are typical of comparable businesses”). 
There is no guarantee that the Bank will be able to address the aforementioned issues appropriately.  Any failure 
to do so could damage the Bank’s reputation and make stakeholders, such as customers and investors, less 
willing to conduct business with the Bank.  This could cause the Bank to suffer material losses to its revenue, 
and as such, its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank’s financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates, which, if inaccurate, could 
lead to future losses 
The financial statements of the Bank have been prepared on a going-concern basis in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (the “IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union.  The preparation 
of financial statements requires the Bank’s management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.  
Identification of certain accounting policies to the 2023 financial statements have been identified as critical 
because they require estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies, see note 3 to the 2023 Financial 
Statements.  Actual results may differ from these estimates.  Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed 
on an on-going basis.  Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are 
revised and in any future periods affected.  Estimates and assumptions involve a substantial risk which could 
result in material adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities during the next financial year. 
The Bank may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and the interpretation of 
such policies and standards.  From time to time the international Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) 
changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Bank and its 
principal subsidiaries (the “Group’s”) financial statements.  In some cases, the Group may be required to apply 
a new or revised standard, or alter the application of an existing standard, subsequently, calling for a restatement 
of prior period financial statements necessary.  There is uncertainty surrounding the Bank’s judgement, 
estimates and assumptions, therefore the Bank cannot guarantee that it will not be required to make changes to 
the accounting estimates or restate prior financial statements in the future, which could materially and adversely 
affect the Bank and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
The Bank’s insurance coverage may not adequately cover all losses 
The Bank has taken a conscious decision to insure itself against specific risks.  The Bank holds all mandatory 
insurance coverage, including fire insurance and mandatory vehicle insurance, plus comprehensive vehicle 
insurance.  The Bank also holds insurance policies provided for collective bargaining agreements with the 
Confederation of Icelandic Bank and Finance Employees, such as life and accident insurance, and insurance 
stipulated by other wage contracts as applicable.  In addition, the Bank has taken out liability insurance against 
third-party claims, insurance on moveable property and professional liability insurance for its auditors and 
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the Bank’s directors and senior management.  The Bank also 
carries insurance against comprehensive crime and professional indemnity coverage.  Comprehensive crime 
insurance provides cover for fraud by employees and third parties.  It covers financial losses sustained by the 
Group, including those sustained in customer accounts, which are first discovered during the period of the

--- Page 30 ---
22 
 
 
policy, regardless of when the fraudulent acts were committed.  In addition, money transportation is insured in 
accordance with the interests at stake in each instance.  Recently, the Bank has taken out a cyber liability 
insurance which covers damages and claim expenses resulting from cyber breaches, as well as possible privacy 
regulatory actions.  It should be borne in mind, however, that despite the insurance policies carried by the Bank, 
there is no guarantee that the Bank will be fully compensated should the Bank need to lodge claims.  If the Bank 
did submit claims under its policies, the premiums it pays could be expected to increase in the future.  The 
Bank’s insurance policies are subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable policies.  If the Bank’s 
insurance coverage does not adequately cover all losses, the Bank may suffer a financial loss, which could 
negatively impact its business. 
The Icelandic State Treasury is the largest shareholder of the Bank.  This may affect the Bank and its 
business 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ISFI manages a 98.2 per cent.  shareholding on behalf of the largest 
shareholder, the Icelandic State Treasury.  It is the intention of the ISFI to retain a substantial equity stake in 
the Bank for the long-term.  No decision will be made on the sale process of the Bank, until the Icelandic State 
Treasury has sold the remaining shares in Íslandsbanki.  Any such sale or disposal, and any conditions attaching 
to it, could affect the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  See further in “Description 
of the Bank - Shareholders, Share Capital and Dividend Policy and “Increased Competition and changes in 
ownership of the Bank’s main competitors may affect the Bank and its business.” 
In certain areas, Icelandic legislation imposes special rules on the Bank since the Icelandic State Treasury holds 
the majority shareholding in the Bank.  These rules may impose a heavier regulatory burden on the Bank 
compared to its competitors and may thus have a negative impact on the Bank’s competitive position.  The 
Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations could therefore be negatively affected and impact 
the Bank’s ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.  These rules are: (i) Article 4 of the Act on the 
Auditor General and the Auditing of Government Accounts No. 46/2016 (the functions of the Auditor General 
include auditing the annual accounts of limited liability companies where the State owns 50 per cent. of the 
shares or more); (ii) Article 2 of the Information Act No. 140/2012 (the Bank is subject to provisions of the Act 
but can obtain a temporary exemption from falling under the scope of the Act); and (iii) Article 14 of the Act 
on Public Archives No. 77/2014 (the Bank is subject to provisions of this Act). Following a settlement with the 
Icelandic Competition Authority on 11 March 2016 relating to the changes in ownership of Íslandsbanki and a 
motion approved by the AGM of the Bank held on 14 April 2016, the Board of Directors of the Bank added 
provisions on the competitive independence of the Bank towards other state-owned commercial banks to its 
rules of procedures. 
Legal risk relating to the Bank 
Legal and regulatory risks 
The Bank, as a systemically important financial institution in Iceland, is regulated by the FSA and must comply 
with banking and financial services laws and other relevant laws and government regulations.  Legal risk 
includes but is not limited to, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions 
as well as private settlements.  The Bank is subject to a number of laws, regulations, administrative actions and 
policies governing the provision of financial services in Iceland.  The Bank is required to fulfil various legal 
and regulatory requirements.  Failure to do so may lead to litigation and/or administrative proceedings, which 
could subject the Bank to damages claims, regulatory fines or other penalties.  Although the Bank works closely 
with regulators and continually monitors its legal position, future changes in regulations, fiscal or other policies 
can be unpredictable and are beyond the Bank’s control.  Any changes to current legislation might affect the 
Bank’s operations and its results of operations and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Regulatory risks relate not only to regulation within Iceland, but also from the ability of Iceland, as a member 
of the Agreement on the European Economic Area (the “EEA Agreement”), to adopt, implement and 
administer implementation of new European directives and regulations into Icelandic rules and regulations. 
See further section entitled “Iceland’s national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain 
circumstances”.  This may include late or incorrect implementation into Icelandic rules and regulations and 
more stringent requirements where they are permitted or required to do so, like in the respect of capital 
requirements.

--- Page 31 ---
23 
 
 
The Bank will at any time be involved in several court proceedings, which is considered normal due to the 
nature of the business undertaken.  In some cases, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the outcome of the 
proceeding and the amount of possible damages. Despite the fact the Bank has created appropriate provisions 
for legal and regulatory risk, there is still a risk that such provisions will not be adequate in certain 
circumstances.  Cases may include possible criminal or administrative proceeding by the relevant authority and 
claims in which the claimant has not specifically quantified the amounts in disputes.  The results of any adverse 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on its results and reputation.  For further information on 
litigation see “Description of the Bank – Litigation”. 
Changes to capital and related requirements could adversely affect the Bank’s results 
The international regulatory framework for banks, Basel III, includes requirements regarding regulatory capital, 
liquidity, leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements.  See further in “Description of the Bank- 
Risk Management Framework”.  Within the European Union the Basel III framework has been implemented in 
a legislative package known as CRD IV and CRR, later amended by CRD V and CRR II. Following 
incorporation of the legislative package into the EEA Agreement, the package has been implemented into 
Icelandic law in steps.  The Icelandic Central Bank Resolution Authority approved a resolution plan for the 
Bank and took a decision on the Bank’s minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”), 
in accordance with the Act No. 70/2020 on Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, 
implementing Directive 2014/59/EU (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or “BRRD”).  As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank complies with its MREL requirements. 
Any failure by the Bank to comply with its regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any other 
requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, 
which may have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s financial condition and results of operations and may 
also have other effects on the Bank’s financial performance and on the pricing of the Notes, both with or without 
the intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions.  Changes under Basel III, CRD IV, CRD V, CRR, 
CRR II, the BRRD and/or the related Icelandic law may impact the capital requirements in respect of the Notes 
and/or the liquidity and/or value of the Notes, and therefore may affect the incentives of investors to hold onto 
the Notes.  Therefore, prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisers as to the 
consequences of the implementation of the relevant legal measures in Iceland. 
Further, in Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant focus on fostering greater financial stability 
through increased regulation of financial institutions, and their corresponding capital and liquidity positions.  
This has resulted in a number of regulatory initiatives which are currently at various stages of implementation 
and which may have an impact on the regulatory position for certain investors in Note exposure and/or covered 
bond exposures and/or on the incentives for certain investors to hold covered bonds and/or the Notes, and may 
thereby affect the liquidity of such securities.  Investors in the Notes are responsible for analysing their own 
regulatory position and none of the Issuer or the Arranger makes any representation to any prospective investor 
or purchaser of the Notes regarding the treatment of their investment on the Issue Date or at any time in the 
future. 
In particular, it should be noted that the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) has approved a 
series of significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being 
referred to by the BCBS as “Basel III”).  Basel III provides for a substantial strengthening of existing prudential 
rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for 
global systematically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial institutions and 
certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the Net Stable Funding 
Ratio).  BCBS member countries agreed to implement the initial phase of the Basel III reforms from 1 January 
2013 and the second phase from 1 January 2022, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain 
requirements.  As implementation of Basel III requires national legislation, the final rules and the timetable for 
its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of Notes, may be subject to some level of 
national variation.  It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have been made for 
insurance and reinsurance undertakings through participating jurisdiction initiatives, such as the Solvency II 
framework in Europe.  Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements 
described above (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in 
addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes.  No 
predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters on any investor or otherwise.

--- Page 32 ---
24 
 
 
On 2 April 2024, the Monetary Policy Committee of the Central Bank of Iceland decided to increase Icelandic 
credit institutions’ fixed reserve requirement from 2 per cent. to 3 per cent. of the reserve base.  The change will 
take effect at the beginning of the next reserve maintenance period, on 21 April 2024. 
The implementation of the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to the 
relevant entity considered to be at risk of failing.  The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented 
in Iceland could materially affect the value of any Notes 
On 2 July 2014, the BRRD entered into force.  The BRRD has been implemented into Icelandic law through 
Act 54/2018, amending the Act on Financial Undertaking, and Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of 
Credit Institutions, and more recently, by the Hierarchy of Claims Act (as defined herein) making further 
amendments to the Act on Financial Undertakings, the Recovery and Resolution Act and the Deposit Insurance 
and Insurance Schemes Act No. 98/1999. 
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where an 
institution is considered as failing or likely to fail:  (i) sale of business which enables resolution authorities to 
direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution which 
enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity 
created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer assets to a bridge institution or one or more asset management vehicles to allow 
them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down; and 
(iv) bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power to write down the claims of unsecured creditors of a 
failing institution (write-down may result in the reduction in value of such claims to zero) and to convert 
unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership (the “general bail-in tool”) (subject to certain 
parameters as to which liabilities would be eligible for the general bail-in tool), which equity or other 
instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when:  (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) when its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due; or (iv) when it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In accordance with the implementation of the BRRD in Iceland, the Notes may be subject to the exercise of the 
general bail-in tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 17 (“Acknowledgement of 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers”) under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”)) and the Notes include a 
contractual consent to the application of any Bail-in and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD allows for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments or other instruments of ownership such as 
the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken 
(“nonviability loss absorption”).  Any instruments issued to holders of the Notes upon any such conversion 
into equity may also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD (as currently implemented) shall follow the 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings in Iceland.  The BRRD has been implemented in Iceland 
with Act 54/2018 amending the Act on Financial Undertakings No. 161/2002, by Act 70/2020 on the Recovery 
and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, and more recently, by the Hierarchy of Claims Act 
making further amendments to the Act on Financial Undertakings, the Recovery and Resolution Act and the 
Deposit Insurance and Insurance Schemes Act No. 98/1999.  Under the Hierarchy of Claims Act, debt 
instruments that meet the following criteria will be considered as “senior non-preferred bonds” (including Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes issued hereunder) and will rank lower than ordinary unsecured claims (including Senior 
Preferred Notes issued hereunder) in a winding up of the Bank:  (i) the original contractual maturity of the debt 
instrument is of at least one year, (ii) the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not

--- Page 33 ---
25 
 
 
derivatives themselves, and (iii) the relevant contractual documentation, and, where applicable, the prospectus 
related to the issuance, explicitly refer to the lower ranking under the same paragraph.  Moreover, all types of 
bank deposits will rank higher than ordinary unsecured claims.  Under the Hierarchy of Claims Act:  (i) any 
existing unsecured and unsubordinated Notes of the Bank will rank pari passu with any Senior Preferred Notes 
of the Bank; and (ii) existing unsubordinated Notes of the Bank and Senior Preferred Notes of the Bank will 
rank senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the Bank. 
In addition, following the publication on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU of (i) the Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD (the “BRRD 
II”) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and 
Directive 98/26/EC and (ii) the Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
20 May 2019 amending the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, a comprehensive legislative package has 
been produced which intends to reduce risks in the banking sector and the financial system, reinforce banks’ 
ability to withstand potential shocks and strengthen the banking union from 28 December 2020.  BRRD II was 
incorporated into the EEA Agreement by EEA Joint Committee Decision No. 145/2022.  In June 2023, the 
Icelandic Parliament approved a bill which amended Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit 
Institutions and Investment Firms, implementing BRRD II into Icelandic law. 
The BRRD II reforms also introduce, in Article 33a, a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary 
measure in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the 
resolution period.  Any suspension of activities can result in the partial or complete suspension of the 
performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit 
institution.  The exercise or perceived increase in likelihood of exercise of any such power could, as stated 
above, materially adversely affect the rights of holders of Notes, the price or value of their investment in any 
Note and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under any Note. 
Changes in tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Bank’s business 
The Bank’s results of operations could be harmed by changes in tax laws and tax treaties or the interpretation 
thereof, (such as in relation to the OECD’s “Base Erosion and Profit Shifting” Project), changes in corporate 
tax rates and the refusal of tax authorities to issue or extend advanced tax rulings. 
In addition to the basic corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. in Iceland (which will be temporarily increased 
to 21 per cent. for one year, effective for the 2024 annual results), the Icelandic Parliament passed the Act on 
Special Tax on Financial Institutions, No. 155/2010, in December 2011 (the “Special Tax on Financial 
Undertakings”), under which certain types of financial institution, including the Bank, are required to pay an 
annual levy of the carrying amount of their liabilities as determined for tax purposes.  In 2013 the levy was 
increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the total debt of the Bank excluding tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 
billion at the end of the year.  Non-financial subsidiaries are exempt from this tax.  The Act on Special Tax on 
Financial Undertakings was amended in March 2020 with Act No. 25/2020 in relation to measures from the 
Icelandic Government and the Central Bank due to the COVID-19 pandemic reducing the levy to 0.145 per cent 
in 2020.  See further “The Icelandic Economy”. 
According to the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003, as amended (the “ITA”) payments of Icelandic sourced interest 
by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Bank, to a foreign creditor, including holders of notes, who are not Icelandic 
are taxable in Iceland and can be subject to withholding tax at the rate of 12.0 per cent.  This withholding is 
applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from the Icelandic Internal Revenue 
that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant double taxation treaty, and in such case the 
provisions of the double tax treaty will apply.  The exemption, subject to certain other requirements, applies to 
bonds that are held through a clearing system, such as the NCSD, Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, 
within a member state of the OECD, the EEA, a founding member state of EFTA or the Faroe Islands.  Bonds 
issued by the Bank are subject to the aforementioned exemption. 
According to the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011, certain types of financial institutions, 
including the Bank, are required to pay a special additional tax levied on all remuneration paid to employees.  
The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration.  Additionally, according to Article 71 of the ITA, 
a special additional income tax on legal entities liable for taxation according to Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011,

--- Page 34 ---
26 
 
 
which includes the Bank is set at 6.0 per cent. on income over ISK 1 billion, disregarding joint taxation and 
transferable losses.  The aforementioned taxes and levies placed on the Bank increases the cost burden on the 
Bank and subjects it to a competitive disadvantage relative to other competitors, which are not subject to such 
taxes or levies.  See further in “Description of the Bank- Competition”. 
The Bank may be subject to additional taxes or levies in the future, so there can be no assurance that additional 
taxes and levies could increase the Bank’s cost of funding and operating costs generally, reduce the ability of 
the Bank to compete effectively with other lenders and/or decrease the Bank’s lending volumes and margins 
any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial position and/or 
results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.  Any such increase could have a 
material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Bank and its ability to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. 
Iceland’s national implementation of EEA rules 
Iceland is a member state of the EEA and is therefore obligated to implement certain EU instruments with EEA 
relevance, including legislation relating to financial markets.  When EU instruments are incorporated into the 
EEA Agreement, certain adaptations may be made to the instruments that may create differences between the 
instruments as applicable in the EU and the instruments as applicable to Iceland and other EEA EFTA States.  
Where implementation of EU instruments into Icelandic law is inadequate, (for example, where Iceland has 
failed to adapt national law to conform to EEA rules) citizens may be unable to rely on these instruments and 
the Icelandic courts may be barred from applying them, unless Icelandic legislation may be interpreted in 
accordance with the EEA rules.  As a result, the Noteholders in some circumstances may experience different 
legal protections than they would expect as holders of securities issued by banks in EU member states where 
EU instruments are directly applicable or have been adequately implemented into national legislation.  
Complying with regulation that is in continual change can be resource intensive and exposes the Bank to a risk 
of non-compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial 
position and/or results of operations and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Judgments entered against Icelandic entities in the courts of a state which is not a party to the Lugano 
Convention (including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the United Kingdom) may not be recognised 
or enforceable in Iceland 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a party to 
the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial 
Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the “Lugano Convention”) as a Contracting State (as defined in 
the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a matter of law without a retrial 
on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence before the courts of law of Iceland).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the United Kingdom and Iceland are not bound by any agreement, treaty 
or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes.  
The United Kingdom has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an independent contracting state, 
but the other contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, not approved the application.  As a 
result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the Notes obtained in the courts of England 
against the Bank, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Iceland.  However, if a Noteholder 
brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be 
submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it 
relates, and the Icelandic court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio.  Any retrial on a judgment’s 
merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the Bank’s obligations 
under the Notes. 
Foreign exchange transactions may be subject to capital controls, which with any changes due to national 
economic circumstances or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank’s business 
Foreign exchange transactions are not restricted unless explicitly restricted by law.  The same applies to cross-
border payments and capital transfers.  The Foreign Exchange Act, No. 70/2021 (the “Foreign Exchange Act”) 
grants the Central Bank powers to take measures to prevent severe disruption of monetary, exchange rate, and 
financial stability.  Central Bank Rules No. 223/2019, on special reserve requirements for new foreign currency 
inflow, is a capital inflow management measure to temper inflows of foreign currency and to affect the

--- Page 35 ---
27 
 
 
composition of such inflows.  See further in “Rules on special reserve requirements for new foreign currency 
inflows – Capital inflow restrictions”.  Central Bank Rules No. 412/2022, on derivatives transactions in which 
the Icelandic krona is specified in a contract against foreign currency, authorised all derivatives transactions, 
irrespective of their purpose, but placed restrictions on the total amount of financial institutions’ derivatives 
transactions.  If economic circumstances in Iceland were to change, there can be no assurance that the Central 
Bank, would not re-impose elements of the capital controls which have already been lifted.  Additionally, even 
if the capital controls were to be lifted in full and on a permanent basis, the level of foreign direct investment in 
Iceland may be affected by a market perception that capital restrictions could be re-imposed in the future, which 
could limit the growth prospects of the Icelandic economy and ultimately for the Bank which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank’s business and result of operations and its ability to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A range of notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes including in the case of a Tax Event, (in respect of Subordinated Notes 
only, in respect of which Condition 5.3 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) a Capital 
Event or (in respect of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, in respect of which 
Condition 5.3A is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) an MREL Disqualification Event 
is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the Bank may elect to redeem Notes or when the 
Bank is perceived by the market to have a redemption right available to it, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
The Bank may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for the Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and the new euro 
short-term rate (“€STR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S.  Dollar and euro bonds, 
respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates.  Likewise, the Central 
Bank of Iceland introduced the Icelandic Króna Overnight (“IKON”) reference rate in 2022.  In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) 
or different measures of such risk-free rates.  For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the 
Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.  The 
Central Bank of Iceland began publishing the IKON on 1 April 2022. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme.  The Bank may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, or IKON that differ materially in terms of interest determination when

--- Page 36 ---
28 
 
 
compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, 
or IKON referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such 
reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-
free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds 
referencing risk-free rates.  In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have 
been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread 
market acceptance.  In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine 
the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid.  Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and 
trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result.  Further, 
if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such 
Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely 
used.  Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data.  
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates.  Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, or IKON. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, 
risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 
2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable 
benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, 
future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The 
level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes 
which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such

--- Page 37 ---
29 
 
 
Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  Further, in contrast to Notes linked to 
interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR, €STR, or IKON become due 
and payable under Condition 8 (Enforcement Events and Remedies) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR €STR or IKON may make changes that could change the value 
of SONIA, SOFR, €STR or IKON or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, €STR, or IKON respectively 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and SOFR Compounded Index), €STR, 
or IKON, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-
free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such rates and/or indices are 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate such rates and/or indices, or timing 
related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, or 
IKON.  In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, 
SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, or IKON, in which case a fallback 
method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in accordance with the Conditions (see “Floating 
Rate Notes and Reset Notes referencing or linked to benchmarks”).  An administrator has no obligation to 
consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such 
risk-free rate. 
Where there are provisions which provide that the interest rate on any Notes may convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Where such conversion can occur, this will affect the secondary 
market and the market value of the Notes.  Where conversion is made from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes.  Where conversion from a floating rate to a fixed rate occurs in such circumstances, 
the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The rate of interest of Reset Notes will be reset, which may affect the secondary market for and the market 
value of such Reset Notes 
In the case of any Series of Reset Notes, the rate of interest on such Reset Notes will be reset by reference to 
the Reset Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), as adjusted for any applicable margin, on 
the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms.  This is more particularly described in Condition 3.3.  The 
reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the secondary market for and the 
market value of such Reset Notes.  Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to the Notes, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Reset Notes may be lower 
than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest.

--- Page 38 ---
30 
 
 
Notes issued under the Programme can be linked to the Consumer Price Index which could adversely affect 
the value of the Notes 
Under the Programme, the Issuer can issue Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes and Inflation Linked 
Annuity Notes which are indexed to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”).  Investment in indexed linked Notes 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in the CPI may adversely affect the value of the index linked Notes.  
The historical experience of the CPI should not be viewed as an indicator of the future performance of the CPI 
during the term of the relevant Notes.  Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to the relevant Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes and Inflation Linked 
Annuity Notes. 
There can be no assurance that use of proceeds of Notes issued as Sustainable Finance Instrument will be 
suitable for an investor´s investment criteria.  Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Sustainable Finance 
Instrument properly, may affect the value and/or trading price and/or may have consequences for certain 
investors, with portfolio mandates to invest in assets with particular purpose. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that the Notes are intended to be 
sustainable Notes (which may include, inter alia, sustainable, green, social and/or blue Notes (“Sustainable 
Finance Instrument”)).  The Bank intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from the Sustainable 
Finance Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Activities and Assets (including loans, 
investments, expenditures and the Bank’s own eligible operations) that meet the eligibility criteria, which may 
include environmental, green, social and/or blue projects (“Eligible Activities and Assets”), in accordance with 
any Sustainable Finance Framework that the Bank may publish from time to time.  See further section “Use of 
Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Sustainable Finance Framework any relevant 
opinion (including, without limitation, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below)) or 
certification and any other document related thereto including any footnotes, links to the Bank’s website and/or 
progress and impact assessment reports is not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Prospectus. The Sustainable Finance Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of 
Noteholders and none of the Bank, the Arranger or the Dealers assumes any obligation or responsibility to 
release any update or revision to the Sustainable Finance Framework and/or information to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date of publication of the Sustainable Finance Framework. 
No assurance can be given to investors that the use of proceeds from any Sustainable Finance Instrument may 
satisfy any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable standards, law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Activities and Assets as further described in Sustainable 
Finance Framework. 
In addition, it should be noted that, despite the publication of the “Green Bond Principles”, “Social Bond 
Principles” and “Sustainability Bond Guidance” by the International Capital Market Association to provide 
guidelines on issuing green, social and sustainable instruments, there is currently no clearly defined definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “environmental” 
“social” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as “green”, “environmental” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor 
can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time.  Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Activities and Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “environmental”, 
“social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the EU of 18 June 2020 (the “EU Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”, once implemented) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Activities and Assets. On 21st April, 2021, the European Commission approved the first delegated act and the 
Delegated Regulation supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of the EU (the “EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”) was formally adopted on 4th June, 2021 and applied 
from 1st January, 2022. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable

--- Page 39 ---
31 
 
 
investment by making it clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s environmental objectives. 
The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most 
relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such 
as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will 
follow in a later delegated act, in line with mandates in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. While the Bank’s 
Sustainable Finance Framework is expected to be in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until all criteria for such objectives have been developed and disclosed, it is 
not known whether the Bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, 
alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are established, is 
not certain. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Bank, the Arranger or the Dealers that the 
eligibility criteria for Eligible Green Assets will satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time 
In addition, no assurance or representation is or can be given that any Sustainable Finance Instrument issued 
under the Programme will be compliant with the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on European Green Bonds (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”) or will meet any of the 
requirements of market participants subject to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on Sustainability-Related Disclosure in the Financial Services Sector (the “SFDR”), and any 
delegated or other implementing regulations and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United Kingdom.  
The EU Green Bond Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 30 November 2023 and will 
start applying from 21 December 2024.  Accordingly, alignment with the EU Taxonomy Regulation, once the 
technical screening criteria are established, and/or the SFDR is not certain and no assurance is or can be given 
to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Sustainable Finance Instrument will meet 
or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “blue”, “social” 
or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives, or any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which an investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law, regulations or standards (including the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy or any standards resulting from 
the EU Green Bond Regulation) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Sustainable Finance 
Instrument.  With respect to the EU Green Bond Regulation, Sustainable Finance Instruments issued under the 
Programme will not be aligned with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are intended to comply with the criteria 
and processes set out in the Sustainable Finance Framework only.  It is not clear at this stage the impact which 
the EU Green Bond Regulation, when implemented, may have on investor demand or, and pricing of, green use 
of proceeds bonds (such as any Sustainable Finance Instruments) which may be issued under the Programme) 
that do not meet such standard.  It could reduce demand and liquidity for Sustainable Finance Instruments and 
their price. 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion (including, without limitation, the Second Party Opinion) or certification of any third party, 
(whether or not solicited by the Bank) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Sustainable Notes and in particular with any Eligible Activities and Assets to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria.  For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, 
and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Base Prospectus.  Any such opinion or 
certification is not, and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Bank or any other person to buy, 
sell or hold any such Sustainable Finance Instrument.  Any such opinion or certification is only current as of 
the date that opinion was initially issued and currently providers of such opinions or certifications are not subject 
to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable Finance Instrument. 
Furthermore, there is no guarantee that listing or admission any Sustainable Finance Instrument listed or 
admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-
labelled segment of any stock- exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), will satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any

--- Page 40 ---
32 
 
 
projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Activities and Assets.  In addition, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another.  No assurance can be given that aforementioned listing or admission to trading in respect of 
any Sustainable Finance Instrument will be obtained or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Sustainable Finance Instrument. 
It is the intention of the Bank to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable Finance Instrument 
in the manner described in the Sustainable Finance Framework, however there can be no assurance that projects 
will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such amounts will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects.  Nor can 
there be any assurance that such projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Bank.  
Any such event or failure in respect of the use of proceeds as described above will not (i) give rise to any other 
claim or right (including the right to accelerate the Sustainable Finance Instrument) of a Noteholder of a 
Sustainable Finance Instrument to the Bank, (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Sustainable Finance 
Instrument, (iii) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder of a Sustainable Finance Instrument against the Bank, 
(iv) lead to an obligation of the Bank to redeem such Sustainable Finance Instrument or be a relevant factor for 
the Bank in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Sustainable 
Finance Instrument, or (v) affect the qualification of such Sustainable Finance Instrument which are also 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Capital or other subordinated capital (as applicable).  Payment 
of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Sustainable Finance Instrument shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant project and no Dealer will assess, verify, or monitor the proposed use of proceeds 
of Notes issued under the Programme.  Furthermore, any such event or failure by the Bank will under no 
circumstance affect the qualification of such Sustainable Finance Instrument which are also Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes (as the case may be) as Subordinated Notes or as MREL 
eligible liabilities (as applicable) or have an impact on the status and ranking of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Senior Preferred Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  Notes issued as Sustainable Notes will also be 
subject to the Capital Requirements Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and bail-in and resolution 
measures or, in respect of Subordinated Notes, the non-viability loss absorption provided by the BRRD in the 
same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme.  As to such measures, see the risk factor entitled 
“The implementation of the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to the 
relevant entity considered to be at risk of failing.  The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented in 
Iceland could materially affect the value of any Notes”.  Furthermore, any such event or failure by the Bank in 
respect of the use of proceeds as described above will not otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Group to 
apply the proceeds of the Sustainable Finance Instruments which are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes (as the case may be) in accordance with the Conditions and the 
prudential and solvency rules applicable to the Bank and the Group, or result in any step-up or increased 
payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of the Notes or otherwise affect the Conditions. 
Sustainable Finance Instruments intended to form part of the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Bank will 
not be issued with any features which undermine their ability to absorb losses in compliance with the prevailing 
prudential and resolution rules, and neither the Sustainable Finance Instruments nor the proceeds of issue thereof 
will be afforded any special treatment or enhanced protections as a result of them being Sustainable Finance 
Instruments. 
Any such event or failure to invest an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Notes in the manner 
described in the Sustainable Finance Framework as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or 
certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Bank is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market and/or any such failure to 
meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of investors, with respect to such Sustainable Finance 
Instrument as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the 
value of any other Notes which are intended to finance projects in the manner described in the Sustainable 
Finance Frameworks and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 41 ---
33 
 
 
Holders of Notes issued as Sustainable Finance Instrument (including Subordinated Notes and Notes qualifying 
as MREL) will not be treated in any way differently than holders of Notes (including Subordinated Notes and 
Notes qualifying as MREL) which are not issued as Sustainable Finance Instruments, for example in relation to 
Subordinated Notes and MREL eligible liabilities, to the effect that such Sustainable Finance Instruments are 
equally available to absorb losses incurred not only on Eligible Activities and Assets but also on all types of 
assets on the balance sheet of the Bank, in the event of the Bank’s insolvency, at the point of non-viability or in 
resolution (as applicable).  For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) 
on such Sustainable Finance Instruments shall not depend on the performance of the Eligible Activities and 
Assets or ESG targets of the Issuer. 
Further, it should also be noted that lack of sufficient Eligible Activities and Assets has no consequence on such 
Sustainable Finance Instruments’ permanence and loss absorbency requirements. The tenor of the amounts 
advanced by the Group to customers for the purposes of financing or refinancing Eligible Activities and Assets 
may not match the maturity date of the Sustainable Finance Instruments issued to fund such advances.  The 
subsequent redemption of relevant loans advanced by the Group, or the project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Activities and Assets before the maturity date of any Sustainable Finance Instruments 
issued to fund such advances shall not lead to the early redemption of such Sustainable Finance Instruments or 
any other Notes nor create any obligation or incentive of the relevant Issuer to redeem the Sustainable Finance 
Instruments at any time or be a factor in the relevant Issuer’s determination as to whether or not to exercise any 
early redemption rights it may have from time to time. 
Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any 
such Sustainable Finance Instrument and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for 
the purpose of any investment in such Sustainable Finance Instrument together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The claims of holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated to 
claims of the Bank’s depositors in the event of a winding-up 
In Iceland, Article 102 of the Act on Financial Undertakings provides that, should a financial institution holding 
bank deposits, such as the Bank, enter into winding-up proceedings pursuant to Article 101 of the Act on 
Financial Undertakings, then the claims of holders of senior unsecured unsubordinated debt would be 
subordinated to the claims of all of the Issuer’s depositors.  Moreover, the Hierarchy of Claims Act was recently 
enacted into law by the Icelandic Parliament on 4 May 2021.  The Hierarchy of Claims Act amends the Act on 
Financial Undertakings and introduces a new Article 85(a) to the Act on Recovery and Resolution which 
provides in part that, in a winding-up:  (a) claims of certain types of the Bank’s depositors will have priority 
over other kinds of bank deposits (i.e. the inner ranking within deposits will change), but (b) all types of bank 
deposits will, as a group, rank higher than the claims of the Bank’s senior unsecured unsubordinated debt 
obligations.  Hence, under current Icelandic law, the claims of holders of senior unsecured debt (which would 
include Senior Preferred Notes as well as Senior Non-Preferred Notes) are subordinated to the claims of all of 
the Bank’s depositors in a winding-up of the Bank.  If a winding-up of the Bank were to occur, there may not 
be sufficient assets in the resulting estate to pay the claims of such Noteholders after the claims of depositors 
have been paid. 
The Bank’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated 
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Bank by way of exercise of 
public authority (referred to herein as a “winding-up of the Bank”), all claims in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, at least pari passu with present or future 
claims in respect of Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 2.3), in priority to any present or future claims in 
respect of Junior Securities (as defined in Condition 2.3) and junior to any present or future claims of Senior 
Creditors (as defined in Condition 2.3).  If, on a winding-up of the Bank, the assets of the Bank are insufficient 
to enable the Bank to repay the claims of the Senior Creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire 
investment in the Subordinated Notes.  If there are sufficient assets to enable the Bank to pay the claims of 
Senior Creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect

--- Page 42 ---
34 
 
 
of the Subordinated Notes and all other claims of Parity Securities, Noteholders will lose some (which may be 
substantially all) of their investment in the Subordinated Notes. 
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Bank may issue, incur or guarantee 
and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes.  The issue or guaranteeing of any such 
securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by 
Noteholders during a winding-up of the Bank and may limit the Bank’s ability to meet its obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his or her 
investment should a winding-up of the Bank occur. 
 
The Issuer’s obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to the Issuer’s unsubordinated 
creditors 
The Hierarchy of Claims Act include “senior non-preferred notes” that meet specified criteria and which will, 
upon a credit institution’s bankruptcy, rank junior to its senior unsubordinated debt obligations and rank senior 
to its subordinated notes as well as regulatory capital and common shares.  As further set out in Condition 2.2 
(Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Bank intends that its Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute 
part of the lower-ranking (un-preferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class, that will rank below its Senior Preferred Notes 
but ahead of the Subordinated Notes. 
The Bank’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer. 
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic:  slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank, the rights of the 
Noteholders to payments on or in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank (as defined 
in Condition 2.4), senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Bank and any subordinated obligations 
or other securities of the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Liabilities of the Bank (including, without limitation, any Subordinated Notes) and will rank junior to present 
or future claims of (a) depositors of the Bank and (b) other unsubordinated creditors (including Senior Preferred 
Notes) of the Bank.  If, on a winding-up of the Bank, the assets of the Bank are insufficient to enable the Bank 
to repay the claims of the unsubordinated creditors (including Senior Preferred Notes) in full, the Noteholders 
will lose their entire investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  If there are sufficient assets to enable the 
Bank to pay the claims of unsubordinated creditors in full but insufficient assets to enable it to pay claims in 
respect of its obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or all other claims that rank pari passu 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose some (which may be 
substantially all) of their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the ‘senior’ designation under the 
programme, in an insolvency of the Bank the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Bank which are by law given priority over the Senior 
Preferred Notes, such as bank deposits) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. 
Moreover, there is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Bank may issue, incur 
or guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if 
any) recoverable by holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes during a winding-up of the Bank and may limit the 
Bank’s ability to meet its obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which benefit 
from a preferential ranking, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
lose all or some of his or her investment should a winding-up of the Bank occur.

--- Page 43 ---
35 
 
 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the 
point of non-viability of the Bank 
In addition to the application of the general bail-in tool to Subordinated Notes (see “The implementation of the 
BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to the relevant entity considered to be 
at risk of failing.  The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented in Iceland could materially affect 
the value of any Notes”), the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital may be 
subject to non-viability loss absorption.  As a result, resolution authorities may require the permanent write-
down of capital instruments such as Subordinated Notes (which write-down may be in full) or the conversion 
of them into equity capital at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken. 
While any such write-down or conversion pursuant to non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, even if grounds for compensation 
could be established, compensation may not be available under the BRRD to any holders of capital instruments 
subject to any write-down or conversion and even if available would only take the form of shares in the Bank. 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under 
the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution (or the group, as the case 
may be) meets the conditions for resolution or will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments 
(such as the Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Capital) are written-down or converted into equity or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines 
that the institution (or the group, as the case may be) would no longer be viable. 
The application of the general bail-in tool or any non-viability loss absorption measure pursuant to any 
applicable statutory loss absorption regime (including the BRRD) may result in Noteholders losing some or all 
of their investment.  The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, 
materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of Subordinated Notes that qualify as 
Tier 2 Capital issued under the Programme and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under such 
Subordinated Notes. 
There are limited enforcement events in relation to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
certain Senior Preferred Notes 
Each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Preferred Notes (where Unrestricted 
Events of Default is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) will contain limited 
enforcement events relating to: 
(i) 
non-payment by the Bank of any amounts due under the relevant Series of Notes.  In such 
circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 8.2, a Noteholder may institute 
proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Bank to such Noteholder; 
and 
(ii) 
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank.  In such circumstances, as described in more detail 
in Condition 8.2, the relevant Series of Notes will become due and payable at their outstanding 
principal amount, together with accrued interest thereon. 
A holder of such Notes may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank.  As such, the remedies 
available to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Preferred Notes (where 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) are limited, 
which may make it more difficult for such Noteholders to take enforcement action against the Bank. 
The above enforcement events will apply to Notes issued under the Programme with the intention of being 
applied in the manner described in the Sustainable Finance Framework in the same way as to Notes that are 
issued without the intention of being applied to such projects. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such consent is required) 
The Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Bank to call them.  In the case of Subordinated Notes, some 
of the call options may only be available after a minimum period of, for example, five years after the issuance 
date of the Subordinated Notes.  To exercise such a call option, the Bank must obtain prior written consent of

--- Page 44 ---
36 
 
 
the Relevant Regulator (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), if and to the extent then required 
by the Relevant Regulator, as provided in Condition 5.11. 
Holders of the Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of the Notes and should not invest in such Notes 
in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Bank.  Where applicable, the Relevant Regulator 
must agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the Bank and 
certain other facts at the relevant time.  There can be no assurance that the Relevant Regulator will permit such 
a call.  Holders of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment 
in the Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period.  See also “If the Bank has the right to redeem 
any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return” above. 
In certain circumstances, the Bank can substitute or vary the terms of Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5.10 (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or Condition 
5.10A (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) applies, if at any time a Capital 
Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes, in respect of which Condition 5.3 is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), an MREL Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, in respect of which Condition 5.3A is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or a Tax Event (in any case) occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 17, the Bank may, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if such 
consent is required), but without the requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, either substitute 
all, but not some only, of the relevant Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant Notes, as the case may be, so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Qualifying 
Securities (as defined in Condition 5.10), in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 5.10A) or, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred 
Qualifying Securities (as defined in Condition 5.10A), as the case may be, as further provided in Condition 5.10 
and Condition 5.10A (as applicable).  The terms and conditions of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, may contain one or more 
provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, provided that the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes remain or, as 
appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities, in the case 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities or, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Qualifying Securities, as the case may be, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
While the Bank cannot make changes to the terms of the Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially 
less favourable to the holders of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, as a class, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes 
will negatively affect any Noteholder.  In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding or disposing 
of such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the 
case may be, could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences 
for them of holding or disposing of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, as the case may be, prior to such substitution or variation. 
If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return 
At any time upon the occurrence of a Tax Event pursuant to Condition 5.2, a Capital Event pursuant to Condition 
5.3 (in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the extent specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), an 
MREL Disqualification Event pursuant to Condition 5.3A (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, to the extent specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), on an Optional 
Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 5.4 or on an Optional Clean-up Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 
5.6, the Notes may be redeemed (if applicable) at the option of the Bank at their principal amount, as more 
particularly described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  Such an optional redemption feature is likely 
to limit the market value of the Notes.  During any period when the Bank may elect to redeem the relevant 
Notes, or during any period when Noteholders perceive that the Bank may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This

--- Page 45 ---
37 
 
 
also may be true prior to any redemption period.  In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Redemption Option 
by the Bank pursuant to Condition 5.6, there is no obligation under such Condition 5.6 nor under any of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes for the Bank to inform Noteholders if and when the threshold of 75 per cent. 
of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes has been redeemed or purchased by, or 
on behalf of, the Bank or any of its subsidiaries is reached, or is about to be reached, and the Bank’s right to 
redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of 
the Clean-up Redemption Option the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially 
resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
The Bank may elect to exercise its option to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction of taxes is 
limited to payments of interest under the Notes 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction of taxes 
imposed under the laws of Iceland under the Conditions apply only to payments of interest and not to payments 
of principal due under the Notes.  As such, the Issuer is not required to pay any additional amounts under 
Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applies to 
payments of principal under the Notes.  Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any 
payments of principal under the Notes, the holders of such Notes may receive less than the full amount due 
thereunder.  There is some risk under Icelandic law that withholding or deduction in respect of principal could 
apply on account of any currency gains deemed to have arisen when such principal is measured in ISK. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law and/or Icelandic law (as the 
case may be) or administrative practice 
The terms of the Notes are based on English law and/or Icelandic law (as the case may be) in effect as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or 
change to English law and/or Icelandic law (as the case may be) or administrative practice after the date of this 
Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
The terms of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors 
The terms of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. 
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system 
at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be 
printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes, such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 46 ---
38 
 
 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Tax exemptions from withholding may not be available if definitive Notes are required to be issued 
The Icelandic statutory exemption from withholding only applies to Notes held through a securities depository 
in an OECD state, an EU state, an EFTA state or the Faroe Islands.  If Notes in definitive form are issued, 
holders should be aware that the tax exemption may not be available.  However, the Bank will be required to 
pay the necessary additional amounts under Condition 6 in such circumstances to cover any resulting amounts 
deducted. 
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme (other than the CSD Notes) will be represented on issue by one or more 
Global Notes that may be delivered to a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be 
entitled to receive Notes in definitive form.  Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their 
respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note 
held through it.  While the Notes (other than the CSD Notes) are represented by a Global Note, investors will 
be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective 
participants. 
While the Notes (other than the CSD Notes) are represented by Global Notes, the Bank will discharge its 
payment obligation under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its 
participants to receive payments under the Notes.  The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant 
clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
The Notes are unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision 
The Notes will be unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision.  If the Bank defaults 
on the Notes, or in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation, then, to the extent that the Bank has 
granted security over its assets, the assets that secure those obligations will be used to satisfy the obligations 
thereunder before the Bank could sell or otherwise dispose of those assets in order to make any payment on the 
Notes.  As a result of the granting of such security, there may only be limited assets available to make payments 
on the Notes in such circumstances.  In addition, there is no restriction on the issue by the Bank of other similar 
securities that do have the benefit of security, which may impact on the market price of its securities, such as 
the Notes, that are unsecured. 
Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes referencing or linked to benchmarks 
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), which are used to determine the amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of 
such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory 
scrutiny as to how they are created and operated.  This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated.  These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to perform 
differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued.  Any change in the performance of a Benchmark 
or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or linked to such 
Benchmark.  In respect of the risks related to alternative benchmarks such as SOFR, SONIA and €STR, please 
see “The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for the Notes”, “Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects” and “Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, or €STR respectively” above.

--- Page 47 ---
39 
 
 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates (including, 
without limitation, mid-swap rates, SOFR, SONIA, IKON and/or €STR), (including any page on which such 
Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event otherwise 
occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor rate or an 
alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required), 
all as determined by the Bank (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser).  In certain 
circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period 
may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used.  This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was applied in respect of a previous 
Interest Period or, in the case of Reset Notes, the application of the relevant Rate of Interest for a preceding 
Reset Period.  The Bank will not, however, be required to replace any benchmark or make consequential 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of any Notes in circumstances where it considers that doing so could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of (i) any of its Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital or 
(ii) any of its Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities or results in 
the Relevant Resolution Authority treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
relevant Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value of and 
return on any such Notes.  Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Bank to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes.  Investors should consider these matters when 
making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and 
credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or other market risks, 
are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s preferred currency (which may itself 
be different to the currency of the country they are resident in), the investor will be exposed to movements in 
exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding.  In addition, the imposition of exchange controls 
in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii)

--- Page 48 ---
40 
 
 
the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in respect of the Notes.  
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest 
rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that, if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes.  The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending.  Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended).  The list of registered and certified rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of 
the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  As such, UK regulated investors are 
required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  In the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-UK credit 
rating agencies, third country credit ratings are either (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or 
(b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case 
may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, and to (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances.  In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied.  If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of 
the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.  
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
41 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information which has 
been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed 
with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 (the “2022 Financial Statements”); 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/uploads/documents/arsskyrsluroguppgjor/Consolidated-Financial-
Report-2022-EN.pdf 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the financial year ended 31 December 
2023 (the “2023 Financial Statements”); 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/uploads/documents/arsskyrsluroguppgjor/Consolidated-Financial-
Report-2023-EN.pdf 
(iii) 
the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Bank for the three months ended 31 
March 2024 (the “2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements”); 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/uploads/documents/arsskyrsluroguppgjor/consolidated-financial-report-
q1-2024-en.pdf 
(iv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 2017, pages 36 
to 59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2017 Terms and 
Conditions”); 
https://corporate.landsbankinn.com/Uploads/Documents/Bankinn/EMTN/2017-04-06-Landsbankinn-
Base-Prospectus.pdf 
(v) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 27 March 2019, pages 
56 to 93 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2019 Terms and 
Conditions”); 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/Uploads/Documents/Bankinn/EMTN/2019-03-27-Landsbankin-Base-
Prospectus.pdf 
(vi) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 22 May 2020, pages 59 
to 97 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2020 Terms and 
Conditions”), as supplemented by the Supplemental Prospectuses dated 4 September 2020, 6 
November 2020, 10 February 2021 and 12 February 2021; 
https://www.landsbankinn.com/Uploads/Documents/Bankinn/EMTN/2020-05-22-Landsbankin-Base-
Prospectus.pdf 
(vii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021, pages 66 
to 114 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2021 Terms and 
Conditions”), as supplemented by the Supplemental Prospectus dated 6 October 2021; 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/uploads/documents/bankinn/emtn/2021-04-27-Landsbankin-EMTN-
Base-Prospectus.pdf 
(viii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2022, pages 68 
to 120 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2022 Terms and 
Conditions”), as supplemented by the Supplemental Prospectuses dated 29 July 2022, 4 November 
2022 and 17 February 2023; and 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/uploads/documents/bankinn/emtn/2022-05-23-landsbankin-emtn-base-
prospectus.pdf

--- Page 50 ---
42 
 
 
(ix) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2023, pages 74 
to 136 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the “2023 Terms and 
Conditions”); 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/uploads/documents/bankinn/emtn/2023-06-08-landsbankin-emtn-base-
prospectus.pdf 
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise).  Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  Those parts of the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are not specifically incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant 
information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  Any documents themselves incorporated by 
reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.  No information on any website forms part of this Base Prospectus except as specifically 
incorporated by reference, as set out above. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge from 
the registered office of the Bank and are available for viewing on the website of the Bank following the links 
above.

--- Page 51 ---
43 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form and cleared through the CSDs.  The Notes will be offered 
and sold outside the United States to Non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(“Regulation S”). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a “Global Note”) which, 
in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate/Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified as to whether or not such Global Notes are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes 
are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be 
made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in such Temporary Global Note are not United States persons (as defined for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes) or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein either 
for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series 
with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification 
has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached

--- Page 52 ---
44 
 
 
upon either (a) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (b) at any time at the request of the Bank.  
For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8.1) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 8.2) has occurred and is 
continuing, (iii) the Bank has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system 
is available or (iv) the Bank has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form.  The Bank will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Bank may also give 
notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Notes, interest coupons and/or talons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Bearer Notes, 
interest coupons and/or talons. 
Bearer Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
CSD Notes 
Each Tranche of CSD Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  Legal title to 
the CSD Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the CSD.  Settlement of sale and purchase 
transactions in respect of CSD Notes in the CSD will take place in accordance with market practice at the time 
of the relevant transaction.  Transfers of interests in the relevant CSD Notes will take place in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant CSD.  CSD Notes will not be exchangeable for any 
physical Note or document of title other than statements of account made by a CSD. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), in the case of Notes 
other than CSD Notes, the Fiscal Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further 
Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from 
the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 8.  In such 
circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) 
has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes and payment in full 
of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note 
will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day.  At the same time, holders of interests in such Global 
Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will

--- Page 53 ---
45 
 
 
become entitled to proceed directly against the Bank on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) 
dated 8 June 2023 and executed by the Bank. 
The Bank may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes. 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Bank given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an Extraordinary 
Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a higher quorum is required), take effect as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons whether or not they participated in such Electronic 
Consent; and 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Bank shall be entitled to 
rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Bank by accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note or, where the accountholders hold any such entitlement 
on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such 
entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the 
accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the Bank has obtained 
commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and has taken reasonable 
steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent or instruction and 
prior to the effecting of such amendment.  Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective.  As 
used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or 
issued by an accountholder of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of 
interests in the Notes.  Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, 
be conclusive and binding for all purposes.  Any such certificate or other document may comprise any 
form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its 
usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the 
Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding.  The Bank shall not be liable to 
any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other 
document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged 
or not authentic.

--- Page 54 ---
46 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[Date] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that:  (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom (the “UK”) domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”).  Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the UK.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK

--- Page 55 ---
47 
 
 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended the 
“SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
“CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined 
in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [capital markets products other than prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018)] [and] [Specified Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16:  Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products].]5 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this term is 
defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator].  
As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] [appears/does not appear] 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] 
[does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]] 
LANDSBANKINN HF. 
LEI:  549300TLZPT6JELDWM92 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €2,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]6 Full information on the Bank 
and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at [●]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
which are the [2023/2022/2021/2020/2019/2018/2017/2016/2015] Terms and Conditions which are 
 
5 
Legend to be inserted if any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors do not constitute ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018) and/or Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice 
FAA-N16:  Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). The Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-
classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. For example, where 
Reset Notes are issued. 
6 
Delete where the Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 56 ---
48 
 
 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]]. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 14 June 
2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the 
purposes 
of 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
(the 
“Base 
Prospectus”), 
including 
the 
[2023/2022/2021/2020/2019/2018/2017/2016/2015] Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus]7.  Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at 
[●]. 
1 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 18 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination.  If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  Note:  There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B.  An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
 
7 
Delete where the Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 57 ---
49 
 
 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
8 
Interest Basis: 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[[●] per cent.  Fixed Rate] 
[[[●] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/ 
€STR/NIBOR/STIBOR/IKON/REIBOR/CIBOR]] +/- [●] 
per cent.  Floating Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
[Zero coupon] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16]/[17]/[18]/[19] below) 
9 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [●] per 
cent. of their nominal amount 
(N.B.  The Notes will only be redeemed at an amount other 
than 100 per cent. of their nominal amount in the case of 
certain Zero Coupon Notes) 
10 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] paragraph 
[13/14] applies and for the period from (and including) [date], 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13/14] 
applies][Not Applicable] 
11 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Redemption Option]8 
[Not Applicable] 
[(see paragraph 17/19 below)] 
12 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred/Senior Non-Preferred/Subordinated] 
 
(If Subordinated Notes include:) 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence of Capital 
Event: 
[Applicable – Condition 5.4 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 5.11 applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes include:) 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption 
upon 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable – Condition 5.4A applies/Not Applicable] 
 
8 
Subject to applicable regulations at the time, the Clean-up Redemption Option shall not apply in respect of 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
50 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Substitution 
or 
variation: 
[Applicable – Condition 5.11A applies/Not Applicable] 
 
(If Senior Preferred Notes include:) 
 
 
(i) 
Unrestricted Events 
of Default: 
[Applicable – Condition 8.1 applies/Not Applicable – 
Condition 8.2 applies] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED ANNUITY NOTES 
13 
Inflation Linked Annuity Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Number of Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The [[●] day(s) in the month(s) of [ ] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date].  First Interest Payment Date 
being [●]. (Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(d) 
Number of Principal Payment 
Dates: 
 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Principal Payment Date(s) 
[On each Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date/Specify other] 
 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(g) 
Base Index: 
Means [to be inserted], being the value of the CPI on [to be 
inserted] 
 
(h) 
Other Terms and Conditions 
applicable to Inflation Linked 
Annuity Notes: 
[None/Specify] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INFLATION LINKED EQUAL PRINCIPAL PAYMENT NOTES 
INCLUDING NOTES WITH ONE PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL ON MATURITY DATE 
14 
Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Number of Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The [[●] day(s) in the month(s) of [●] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date].  First Interest Payment Date

--- Page 59 ---
51 
 
 
being [●]. (Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(d) 
Number of Principal Payment 
Dates: 
 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Principal Payment Date(s): 
[On each Interest Payment Date/Maturity Date/Specify other] 
 
(f) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(g) 
Base Index: 
Means [to be inserted], being the value of the CPI on [to be 
inserted] 
 
(h) 
Other Terms and Conditions 
applicable to Inflation Linked 
Equal 
Principal 
Payment 
Notes: 
[None/Specify] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [  ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
16 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Effective Interest Payment 
Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days following each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the last Interest Period will be the

--- Page 60 ---
52 
 
 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption 
(include for Payment Delay only)]9/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business  
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] [For Payment Delay, always specify a Business 
Day Convention] 
 
(d) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(f) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Index Determination: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is not applicable 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[currency][●] month 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/IKON/REIBOR/CIBOR]. 
 
• 
Reference Bank(s): 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day 
of each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest 
Period]/[The [first, second, third etc.] Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period (or immediately preceding such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes are due and payable).][provide 
details]/[The Interest Payment Date at the end of each Interest 
Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the last Interest Period prior to the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - 
Include this wording for Payment Delay only]]10 
(Second day on which the T2 System is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR.  Second Oslo, Stockholm, 
Reykjavík or Copenhagen (as the case may be) business day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR, STIBOR, 
IKON, REIBOR or CIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[●]/ [Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website]/[ECB’s Website] 
 
9 
Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless 
otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent. 
10 
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR, without the prior agreement of the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 61 ---
53 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
• 
Relevant time: 
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[Not Applicable]11 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
 
• 
Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation Method: [Lag/Lock-out/Observation 
Shift/Payment 
Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-
back Period: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]12 
 
• 
D: 
[365/360/[Not Applicable]] 
 
• 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable - used for 
Payment Delay only]13/[Not Applicable] 
 
Insert only if Index Determination is applicable 
 
• 
SONIA 
Compounded Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
SOFR Compounded 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination Date: 
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other date on 
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Decimal 
Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions]14 
 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
• 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: [●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
11 
Select “Not Applicable” for SONIA, SOFR, €STR or IKON. 
12 
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date 
as the Interest Determination Date. “Observation Look-back Period” is only applicable where “Lag” or 
“Observation Shift” is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select “Not Applicable”. 
13 
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent. 
14 
This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or 
greater where Compounded Daily SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 62 ---
54 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period) 
 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 3 for alternatives) 
17 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent./[Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
First Reset Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(d) 
Subsequent Reset Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(f) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First 
Reset Date: 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form) 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling on [ ]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swaps/Reference Bond] 
 
(i) 
First Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 63 ---
55 
 
 
 
(j) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(m) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(n) 
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(o) 
Original 
Mid-Swap 
Rate 
Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly] 
 
(p) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/NIBOR/STIBOR/IKON/R
EIBOR/CIBOR] 
 
(q) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(r) 
Reference Bond Reset Rate 
Time: 
[●] 
 
(s) 
Reference Bond Price in 
respect of the first Reset 
Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(t) 
Reset Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
(u) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(w) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.) 
 
(x) 
Relevant Financial Centre 
[Not Applicable/Applicable (list relevant financial centres)] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the determination of a 
Reset Reference Rate that is not EURIBOR by the Reset 
Reference Banks) 
18 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(N.B.  Refer to condition 5.5(b) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Base Prospectus) 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
in 
relation to Early Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 64 ---
56 
 
 
[Actual/365] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period:  [●] days 
Maximum period:  [●] days 
 
 
(N.B.  When setting notice periods, the Bank is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Bank and the Fiscal Agent) 
20 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(N.B.  Except in the case of Zero-Coupon Notes where a 
Redemption/Payment Basis other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount has been specified, the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation 
Amount per Calculation Amount) 
21 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons, 
upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or on an event of default: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B.  If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be) 
22 
Clean-up Redemption Option 
[Applicable][Not applicable]15 
 
(a) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
15 
The Clean-up Redemption Option shall not apply in respect of Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
57 
 
 
 
(b) 
Notice Period: 
[As per Conditions / [●]] 
 
(c) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) 
Optional 
Clean-up 
Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[CSD Notes] 
 
 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at the request of 
the Bank]] 
 
 
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect:  “[€100,000] and 
integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issue of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
24 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable (list relevant financial centres)] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not Interest Period end dates to which sub-paragraph 14(c) 
relates) 
25 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Bank confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 66 ---
58 
 
 
Signed on behalf of LANDSBANKINN HF.: 
 ______________________________________  
By: 
Duly authorised 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 67 ---
59 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading 
[Application has been made by the Bank (or on its behalf) 
to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Regulated Market with 
effect from [●] / [Application has been made by the Bank 
(or on its behalf) to Nasdaq Iceland for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the Main Market with effect from 
[●] / [Not Applicable]]. 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.] 
[Each of [insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] 
[Each of [insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)] 
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”).] 
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the UK but the rating 
it has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)].] 
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but is

--- Page 68 ---
60 
 
 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”). 
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the UK but is 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)].] 
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the UK and is not 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
3 
[NOTIFICATION] 
[The Central Bank of Ireland [has been requested to provide/has provided (include first alternative for 
an issue which is contemporaneous with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for 
subsequent issues)] the competent authority of Iceland with a certificate of approval attesting that the 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.] 
4 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Bank is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Bank and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price [and based on the period up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date].  It is not an indication 
of future yield.

--- Page 69 ---
61 
 
 
6 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/NIBOR/STIBOR/IKON/REIBOR/CIBOR] rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
7 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING (Inflation Linked Annuity Notes and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes 
Only) 
[Not Applicable] 
[Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained.] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can be obtained 
by electronic means, and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge.] 
[The Notes are linked to the performance of the Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI) produced based 
on data from Statistics Iceland] 
[Information about the CPI can be obtained free of charge from the website of Statistics of Iceland 
being [https://statice.is/publications/indices-overview/]] 
(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] / [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[As set out on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[As set out on the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the Classification of Financial Instruments Code 
(“CFI”) and/or the Financial Instrument Short Name 
(“FISN”) is not required, requested or available, 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
(v) 
Any Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]/CSD.  
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain certain information 
from the register maintained by the relevant CSD for 
the purpose of performing its obligations under the 
issue of [CSD Notes].  The [CSD Agent] shall be 
entitled to obtain such information as is required to 
perform its duties under the Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 70 ---
62 
 
 
the Notes and rules and regulations of, and applicable 
to, the relevant CSD.] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:] 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): [Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
(vi)   Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors only:  
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
10 
REASON FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reason for the offer: 
[General corporate purposes] 
 
[Sustainable Finance Instrument:  The Bank intends to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from this 
offer of Notes specifically for Eligible Activities and 
Assets (include any further detail if desired, including 
whether the issuance is to fund environmental, green,

--- Page 71 ---
63 
 
 
social and/or blue projects), as further described in the 
Bank’s applicable Sustainable Finance Framework.  
See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus and the 
Bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework, available at 
the Bank’s website.] 
[specify other] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 72 ---
64 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  
Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Landsbankinn hf. (the “Bank” or the 
“Issuer”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes in bearer form represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units 
of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note; and 
(d) 
any Notes issued in uncertificated book entry form cleared through the Nasdaq CSD, Iceland 
Branch or Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands hf. (each a “CSD” and together the “CSDs”) (“CSD 
Notes”).  CSD Notes are in dematerialised form.  Any references in these Terms and Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to CSD Notes and no global or 
definitive Notes will be issued in respect of CSD Notes. 
The Notes (other than the CSD Notes) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement dated 27 August 2014 as amended by an amended and restated agency agreement 
dated 6 April 2017 (such Agency Agreement as amended and restated on 8 June 2023 and as further 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) and made 
between the Bank and Citibank, N.A. London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with 
the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents).  In relation to the CSD Notes, the Bank will act as the CSD system account manager 
(the “CSD Agent”, which expression shall include any additional agent appointed by the Bank from 
time to time in relation to the CSD Notes).  The Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), the Paying Agents and the CSD Agent together referred to as the 
“Agents”.  The CSD Notes will have the benefit of the Agency Agreement to the extent specified 
therein. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
which are (except in the case of CSD Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement 
these Conditions.  References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A 
of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which are (except in the case of CSD Notes) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note and (in the case of CSD Notes) which are deposited with a CSD.  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of CSD Notes) the persons who are for the time being 
shown in the records of the relevant CSD as the holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation to any Notes

--- Page 73 ---
65 
 
 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference herein to 
“Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders have the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) 
dated 8 June 2023 and made by the Bank.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms can be obtained during normal business hours, free of charge, at 
the registered office of the Bank and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, save that, if 
this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published 
under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms can only be obtained by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Bank or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders 
and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable 
to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or, in the case of CSD Notes, uncertificated book entry 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, 
in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged 
for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  CSD Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes and 
vice versa. 
This Note may be an Inflation Linked Annuity Note, an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Note 
including a Note with one payment of principal on Maturity Date, a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a Reset Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Bank and the Paying 
Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or

--- Page 74 ---
66 
 
 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), or so long as the Note is a CSD Note, each person (other 
than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSDs, as applicable), who is for the time being shown 
in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the CSDs, as the case may be, as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or the CSDs as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Bank and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than (in the case only of Notes not being CSD Notes) with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Bank and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly.  The Bank shall be entitled to obtain certain information from the register 
maintained by the relevant CSD for the purpose of performing its obligations under the issue of CSD 
Notes.  The CSD Agent shall be entitled to obtain such information as is required to perform its duties 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and rules and regulations of, and applicable to, the CSDs. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Each Tranche of CSD Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form.  Legal 
title to the CSD Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of the relevant CSD.  Title to 
the CSD Notes will pass by registration in the register between the direct accountholders at the relevant 
CSD in accordance with the rules and procedures of that CSD.  The person evidenced (including any 
nominee) as a holder of the CSD Notes shall be treated by the Bank and the CSD Agent as the holder 
of such CSD Notes for the purposes of payment of principal and interest on such CSD Notes.  Settlement 
of sale and purchase transactions in respect of CSD Notes in the relevant CSD will take place in 
accordance with market practice at the time of the relevant transaction. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
2.1 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 2.1 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” 
in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Bank and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
(b) 
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic:  slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank, the 
rights of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect of the Notes shall rank: 
(i) 
(subject to such mandatory exceptions as are from time to time applicable under 
Icelandic law) at least pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Bank from time to time outstanding; 
(ii) 
senior to any Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank; and 
(iii) 
junior to present or future claims of depositors of the Bank.

--- Page 75 ---
67 
 
 
2.2 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 2.2 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Bank and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  The Notes are 
subordinated as described in Condition 2.2(b). 
(b) 
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic:  slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank, the 
rights of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect of the Notes shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank; 
(iii) 
senior to holders of all classes of share capital of the Bank and any subordinated 
obligations or other securities of the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior 
to the Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank (including, without limitation, any 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(iv) 
junior to present or future claims of (a) depositors of the Bank and (b) other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Bank. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in 
this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
(a) 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Bank 
and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves.  The Notes are subordinated as 
described in Condition 2.3(b). 
(b) 
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic:  slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank, the 
rights of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect of the Notes shall rank: 
(i) 
pari passu without preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities; 
(iii) 
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior Securities; and 
(iv) 
junior to any present or future claims of Senior Creditors. 
2.4 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies then in effect in Iceland and applicable to the Bank and/or the Group giving effect to any 
MREL Requirement or any successor regulations then applicable to the Bank and/or the Group, as the 
case may be, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD and the BRRD 
(whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Bank and/or the Group, as the case may be); 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CPI” means the consumer price indexation, as calculated by Statistics Iceland in accordance with Act 
on Price Indexation No. 12/1995 (Ice. “Lög um vísitölu neysluverðs nr. 12/1995”) and published 
monthly in the Legal Gazette in Iceland (Ice. “Lögbirtingablaðið”) or its successors;

--- Page 76 ---
68 
 
 
“CRD” means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and CRR and any CRD 
Implementing Measures; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRD Implementing Measures” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations, or other 
requirements, which are applicable to the Bank and/or the Group, as the case may be, and which 
prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled 
by financial instruments for their inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Bank and/or the Group, as 
the case may be, (on a non-consolidated or consolidated basis) to the extent required by the CRD 
Directive or the CRR, including for the avoidance of doubt any regulatory technical standards released 
by the European Banking Authority (or any successor or replacement thereof); 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time); 
“CSD” means Nasdaq CSD SE, Iceland Branch, Reg.No. 510119-0370, with its registered office at 
Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavík (Ice. Nasdaq CSD SE, útibú á Íslandi.) or Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands 
hf., Reg. No. 451015-2140, with its registered office at Fiskislóð 31, 101 Reykjavik; 
“FSA” means the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland or such other agency 
of Iceland which assumes or performs the functions which are performed by such authority; 
“Hierarchy of Claims Act” means Act No. 38/2021, which amended Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery 
and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, and was passed by the Icelandic Parliament 
on 4 May 2021 and subsequently enacted into law; 
“Inflation Linked Annuity Notes” means Notes that pay an Annuity Amount adjusted for inflation on 
such date or dates as decided by the Bank and set out in the Final Terms; 
“Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes” means Notes, including Notes with one payment 
of principal on Maturity Date, that pay an Equal Payment Amount adjusted for inflation on such date 
or dates as decided by the Bank and set out in the Final Terms; 
“Junior Securities” means all classes of share capital of the Bank and any present or future obligations 
of the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes; 
“MREL Requirement” means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities which 
is or, as the case may be, will be applicable to the Bank and/or the Group, as the case may be; 
“Parity Securities” means any present or future instruments issued by the Bank which were eligible to 
be recognised as Tier 2 Capital at the time of issue by the Relevant Regulator, any guarantee, indemnity 
or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Bank in respect of securities (regardless of 
name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of the Bank which were eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 
Capital and any instruments issued, and subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual 
support arrangements entered into by the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu 
therewith, but, in each case, excluding Junior Securities; 
“Relevant Regulator” means (to the extent applicable to the relevant Notes at the relevant time) (i) (in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes) the FSA and (ii) (in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes and the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority and/or such other authority tasked with 
matters relating to the qualification of securities of the Bank and/or the Group, as the case may be, under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“Senior Creditors” means (a) the depositors of the Bank; (b) other unsubordinated creditors of the 
Bank; and (c) subordinated creditors of the Bank in respect of any present or future obligation of the 
Bank which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of liquidation, dissolution,

--- Page 77 ---
69 
 
 
winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Bank, by way of exercise of public authority, to the 
claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank, but which rank or are expressed 
to rank senior to Parity Securities and Junior Securities (including, without limitation, creditors in 
respect of Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities of the Bank); 
“Senior Non-Preferred Liabilities” means liabilities having Senior Non-Preferred Ranking; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” means Notes where the Status of the Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as “Senior Non-Preferred”; 
“Senior Non-Preferred Ranking” means the ranking for senior non-preferred notes or senior non-
preferred debt instruments as described in Article 85 (a) of Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution 
of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms, as amended by the Hierarchy of Claims Act, that expressly 
provides that upon the insolvency of a financial institution regulated under Act No. 70/2020 on 
Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms that such senior non-preferred 
notes or senior non-preferred debt instruments will rank below other unsubordinated and unsecured 
liabilities with higher priority ranking of the financial institution; and in addition, with respect to Senior 
Non-Preferred Liabilities that constitute Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the ranking set forth in 
Condition 2.2; 
“Senior Preferred Notes” means Notes where the Status of the Notes is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as “Senior Preferred”; 
“Subordinated Notes” means Notes where the Status of the Notes is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as “Subordinated”; and 
“Tier 2 Capital” means Tier 2 capital as described in Article 84(c) of the Act on Financial Undertakings 
No 161/2002, and any secondary legislation adopted on the basis of that act, as amended or replaced. 
2.5 
Set-Off 
This Condition 2.5 applies only to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being not applicable, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes and references 
to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to applicable law, no claims in respect of any Note held by a Noteholder may be set-off, or be 
the subject of a counterclaim, by the relevant Noteholder against or in respect of any of its obligations 
to the Bank or any other person and each Noteholder waives, and shall be treated for all purposes as if 
it had waived, any right that it might otherwise have to set-off, or to raise by way of counterclaim, any 
of its claims in respect of any Note, against or in respect of any of its obligations to the Bank or any 
other person.  If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any Noteholder receives or recovers any sum 
or the benefit of any sum in respect of such Note by virtue of such set-off or counterclaim, it shall hold 
the same on trust for the Bank and shall pay the amount thereof to the Bank or, in the event of the 
liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic:  slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank, to the liquidator of the Bank, to 
be held on trust for the Senior Creditors. 
3. 
Interest 
3.1 
Interest on Inflation Linked Annuity Notes 
Each Inflation Linked Annuity Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment Date as the nominal amount on the Issue Date multiplied 
with the Index Ratio and with the factor I, which is calculated according to the formula: 
𝑙𝑘= 𝑟∗[(1 + 𝑟)𝑛−(1 + 𝑟)𝑘−1] 
(1 + 𝑟)𝑛−1
 
where,

--- Page 78 ---
70 
 
 
Ik = Interest Repayment Factor for period k 
r = 
𝑐
𝑓 
c = the Rate of Interest of the relevant bond 
f = the number of interest payments per year 
n = the number of Interest Payment Dates 
k = the number of payments that have already been made 
(k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the first Interest Payment Date, k=n on the last Interest Payment Date, 
etc.) 
The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest Sub-Unit of the relevant Specified Currency.  Interest 
will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date.  Payment(s) on each Interest Payment Date is the sum of the relevant Principal Repayment and 
the interest payment. 
The value of the Index Ratio (IR) on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be the value of the 
Reference Index (RI) applicable to the relevant Interest Payment Date divided by the value of the Base 
Index (BI) as calculated by the Issuer: 
𝐼𝑅= 𝑅𝐼𝑡
𝐵𝐼 
where, 
Reference Index or RIt means on each Interest Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month and number RI rounded to 5 decimals: 
𝑅𝐼= 𝐶𝑃𝑀−2 + [𝑑−1
𝐷
∗(𝐶𝑃𝑀−1 −𝐶𝑃𝑀−2)] 
where, 
CPM-1 = CPI value published by Statistics Iceland in the month preceding month M 
CPM-2 = CPI value published by Statistics Iceland 2 months prior to month M 
d = the relevant calendar date 
D = number of calendar days in the relevant calendar month 
Provided that if the Reference Index is lower than the Base Index, the Reference Index shall equal the 
Base Index. 
And Base Index means the index value defined in the applicable Final Terms, being the value of the 
CPI on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, as of the calendar month from and including that 
in which such substitution takes effect: 
i. the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer to the new index; and 
ii. the new Base Index shall be the product of the existing Base Index and the Reference Index 
immediately following such substitution, divided by the Reference Index immediately prior to such 
substitution. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated using the same methodology.

--- Page 79 ---
71 
 
 
3.2 
Interest on Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes 
Each Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. 
Interest is calculated on each Interest Payment date as the Principal Amount Outstanding as defined in 
Condition 4.1(b) on each Interest Payment Date multiplied with the Rate of Interest and, the appropriate 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Sub-Unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency.  Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than an Interest Period, such interest shall be 
calculated by using the same methodology. 
3.3 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) CSD 
Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such CSD Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3.3: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(v) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number

--- Page 80 ---
72 
 
 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(vi) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
(c) 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
3.4 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest 
Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified 
is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3.4(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest

--- Page 81 ---
73 
 
 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is 
a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
or replacement for that system (the “T2 System”) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or the CSD Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Calculation Agent or the CSD Agent, as applicable, were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
74 
 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, or IKON) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR, €STR or IKON, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, 
NIBOR, STIBOR, REIBOR or CIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm 
time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR and Copenhagen 
time, in the case of CIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Fiscal Agent.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations 
appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo 
time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, 
in the case of REIBOR or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR), the Issuer (or an 
agent acting on the Issuer’s behalf) shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR or Copenhagen time, in the case of 
CIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph,

--- Page 83 ---
75 
 
 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which 
the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR or 
Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate 
is NIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the 
Icelandic inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is REIBOR) or the Danish inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the 
case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case 
of REIBOR or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the 
Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Icelandic inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is REIBOR) or the Danish inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
As used herein, “Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four 
major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of 
STIBOR, the principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of REIBOR, the principal Reykjavik office of 
four major banks in the Icelandic inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination 
of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer (or an agent acting on the Issuer’s 
behalf in consultation with the Issuer). 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or IKON 
a.  
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Index 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable and 
the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or IKON: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being

--- Page 84 ---
76 
 
 
“Compounded Daily”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 3.7 (Interest - 
Benchmark discontinuation) and Condition 3.4(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes – Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below) be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Fiscal Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being “Weighted 
Average”, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will (subject to Condition 3.7 (Interest - 
Benchmark discontinuation) and Condition 3.4(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes – Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest) and subject as provided below) be the Weighted 
Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent on 
the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
b. 
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 3.7 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, 
in respect of any Business Day, the Fiscal Agent determines that the 
SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such 
SONIA rate shall be: 
(A) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the 
relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one 
only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); 
or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business 
Day, the SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published 
by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, “r” shall be interpreted accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 
3.7 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), in the event of the Bank of 
England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Fiscal 
Agent shall, in accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such 
guidance to the extent practicable and to the extent such guidance does not 
increase obligations or duties of the Fiscal Agent in order to determine the

--- Page 85 ---
77 
 
 
SONIA rate, for purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is 
not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
c. 
Where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 3.7 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, 
in respect of any Business Day, the Fiscal Agent determines that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (“r” shall be 
interpreted accordingly). 
d. 
where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 3.7 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, 
in respect of any Business Day, the Fiscal Agent determines that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (“r” shall be 
interpreted accordingly). 
e. 
Where “IKON” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 3.7 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, 
in respect of any Business Day, the Fiscal Agent determines that the 
Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the IKON for the first preceding Business Day on 
which the IKON was published on the Relevant Screen Page (“r” shall be 
interpreted accordingly). 
f. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Fiscal 
Agent, subject to Condition 3.7 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is 
the first Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Period) or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date 
and the relevant Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, 
the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period. 
g. 
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement Events), the last 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of 
Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date.

--- Page 86 ---
78 
 
 
h. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.4(b)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes - Rate of Interest - Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or IKON): 
If “Payment Delay” is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest 
on the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead; 
“Applicable Period” means, 
(A)  
where “Lag”, “Lock-out” or “Payment Delay” is specified 
as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Period; and 
(B)  
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Observation Period; 
“Business Day” or “BD”, means, (i) where “SONIA” is specified as the 
Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; (ii) where “SOFR” is specified as the Reference 
Rate, any day which is a U.S.  Government Securities Business Day and 
is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation 
to be closed; (iii) where “€STR” is specified as the Reference Rate, a day 
on which the T2 System is open; and (iv) where “IKON” is specified as 
the Reference Rate, a day on which commercial banks or savings banks 
are open for business in Iceland, from Monday through Friday; 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, any other entity specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Calculation Method” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖−𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
“D” is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Applicable Period; 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business 
Days in such Applicable Period;

--- Page 87 ---
79 
 
 
“Effective Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by 
the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any 
successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the 
“ECB’s Website”) in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European 
Time) on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
“i” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers 
from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in such 
Applicable Period; 
“IKON” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the weighted average interest rate on unsecured deposits held by obliged 
entities overnight for such Business Day as provided by the Central Bank 
of Iceland, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate), on the website of the Central Bank of Iceland, in each case, no 
later than at 11:00 a.m., (Greenwich Mean Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
“Lock-out Period” means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i” in the Applicable Period, means the number 
of calendar days from, and including, such Business Day “i” up to but 
excluding the following Business Day; 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; 
“Observation Method” shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling “p” Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin 
on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but 
excluding, the date which is “p” Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
“p” means, for any Interest Period: 
(A)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included 
in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified two Business 
Days); 
(B) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, zero;

--- Page 88 ---
80 
 
 
(C) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
two Business Days); 
“r” means: 
(A)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business 
Day; 
(B)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(C)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(D)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “IKON” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either “Lag” or “Observation Shift” is 
specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the IKON in respect of such Business Day; 
(E)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-out 
Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of 
the relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(F) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-
out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the

--- Page 89 ---
81 
 
 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(G)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the €STR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-
out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(H)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “IKON” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method: 
(i) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is a Reference 
Day, the IKON in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day, and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Business Day “i” that is not a 
Reference Day (being a Business Day in the Lock-
out Period), the IKON in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Interest Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); 
(I)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “SONIA” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect 
of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the 
date fixed for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(J) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “SOFR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the SOFR in respect 
of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(K) 
where in the relevant Final Terms “€STR” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
€STR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, 
in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-

--- Page 90 ---
82 
 
 
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the €STR in respect 
of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(L)  
where in the relevant Final Terms “IKON” is specified as the 
Reference Rate and “Payment Delay” is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the 
IKON in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each 
Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, “r” shall be the IKON in respect 
of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
“Rate Cut-off Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Day” means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
“ri-pBD” means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of 
“r” above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, “Lag” is specified as 
the Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling 
in the relevant Observation Period) falling “p” Business Days prior to the 
relevant Business Day “i” or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day; 
“SONIA” means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors in 
each case on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
“Weighted Average Reference Rate” means: 
(A)  
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in 
effect, determining the sum of such products and dividing such 
sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period.  For these purposes the Reference Rate in 
effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall 
be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and

--- Page 91 ---
83 
 
 
(B) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rate in effect for each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant Reference 
Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum 
by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided however that for any calendar day of such Interest 
Period falling in the Lockout Period, the relevant Reference 
Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed 
to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period.  
For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any 
calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, subject to the 
proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect 
for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day. 
(iv) 
Index Determination:  If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and Index 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily 
reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated 
by the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin: 
 ( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
where: 
“Compounded Index” shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index, the SOFR 
Compounded Index, or the €STR Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Compounded Index End” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due 
(but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from 
such Interest Period); 
“Compounded Index Start” means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
“Index Days” means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days, and, in the case of the €STR Compounded Index, a day on which the 
T2 System is open; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London;

--- Page 92 ---
84 
 
 
“Numerator” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in 
the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index and the €STR Compounded Index; 
“Relevant Decimal Place” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the 
€STR Compounded Index and the eighth decimal place in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, 
as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
“Relevant Number” shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 
five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, five in the case of the €STR 
Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published 
at 15:00 (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor source; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of 
SONIA) on the Bank of England’s Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor 
source; and 
“€STR Compounded Index” means the compounded daily €STR rate, as published at 
09:00 (Central European Time) by the European Central Bank (or a successor 
administrator of €STR) on the website of the European Central Bank or any successor 
source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR or a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not 
occurred in respect of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, 
the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is not published 
by the administrator, the Fiscal Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest for that Interest 
Period in accordance with Condition 3.4(b)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Rate 
of Interest – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR or IKON) as if Index Determination was not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate 
shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index, €STR in the 
case of €STR Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of Compounded SOFR Index, 
(ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the 
Observation Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation 
Look-back Period shall be deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed 
to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case of SONIA or €STR, the Relevant Screen Page 
will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the Fiscal Agent.  If a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in respect of SONIA or €STR, the provisions of Condition 3.7 
(Interest – Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this 
Condition 3.4(b)(iv) or if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 3.8 
(Interest – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis in 
respect of this Condition 3.4(b)(iv), as applicable. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 93 ---
85 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes, Inflation Linked Annuity Notes 
and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes) or the Bank (in the case of CSD Notes, 
Inflation Linked Annuity Notes and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes) will at or 
as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Fiscal Agent (in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes) or the Bank (in the case of CSD 
Notes) will calculate the amount of interest (each an “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or a CSD 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.4: 
(a)  
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b)  
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(d)  
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(e)  
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 x Y)] + [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 94 ---
86 
 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f)  
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 x Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(g)  
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 x (Y2 x Y1)] + [30 x (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 95 ---
87 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Fiscal Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Fiscal Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Bank and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day 
of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently 
be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.  For the 
purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
3.4 by the Fiscal Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Bank, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Bank, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.5 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rate of Interest 
Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date (the “Initial Period”), at the Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 96 ---
88 
 
 
(ii) 
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest. 
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period falling in 
the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on the first 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount(s) so specified. 
The Fiscal Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of Interest in 
respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of Interest for such 
Reset Period. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount 
of interest (the “Reset Notes Interest Amount”) payable on the Reset Notes for any period by 
applying the relevant Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Reset Notes Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant Reset Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
the Issuer (or an agent acting on the Issuer’s behalf) shall request each of the Reset 
Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent, with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in 
question; 
(ii) 
if at least four of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with the 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to the 
sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and (B) the 
Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 97 ---
89 
 
 
(iii) 
if only two or three relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will 
be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant 
quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Fiscal 
Agent; 
(iv) 
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be 
equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant Reset 
Margin, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent; 
(v) 
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with a Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
3.5, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) will be either: 
(A) 
the rate determined on the previous Reset Determination Date (if any); or 
(B) 
if there is no such previous Reset Determination Date, the Mid-Swap Rate 
which last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case, substituting 
where a different margin is to be applied to a relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion 
This Condition 3.5(c) is only applicable if Mid-Swap Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable.  If Mid-Swap Rate Conversion is so specified as 
being applicable, the First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest will be converted by the Fiscal Agent from the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of 
Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer 
in conjunction with an investment bank of international repute selected by it). 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
In respect of a Reset Period, the Fiscal Agent will cause the relevant Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest Period falling in 
such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other relevant authority 
on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 12 as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
(as defined in Condition 3.2(f)) thereafter.  Each Reset Notes Interest Amount so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given in Condition 3.3; 
“First Reset Date” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Margin” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 98 ---
90 
 
 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 
3.5(b), 3.5(c) and 3.7, the rate of interest determined by the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Reset Margin or the sum, 
converted (if not already on the same basis) from a basis equivalent to the Reference Bond Yield to a 
basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes 
during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with 
an investment bank of international repute selected by it), of (A) the Reference Bond Yield (assuming 
a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant 
Reference Bond Price)) and (B) the First Reset Margin; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense 
under Condition 3.7; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Period” has the meaning given in Condition 3.5(a); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis (calculated 
on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant 
Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at 
the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Maturity (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent).  If a Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate cannot be obtained because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined 
in Condition 3.7), such rate shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 3.7; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the reference rate specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Conditions 3.5(b) 
and 3.7, either: 
(i) 
if “Single Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; 
or 
(ii) 
if “Mean Mid-Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(C) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(D) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 99 ---
91 
 
 
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of 
Notes, the Original Mid Swap Rate Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute or an 
Independent Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset 
Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the 
Notes and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four but more than one such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of 
all such quotations, or (C) if the Calculation Agent obtains one such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, 
the amount of such quotation, or (D) if the Calculation Agent obtains no such Reference Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the Reference Bond Price determined on the immediately preceding Reset Determination 
Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond Reset Rate Time” means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond Yield” means the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant 
day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond; 
“Reference Bond Dealer” means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities 
dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Bond Dealer and the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of 
the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of 
its nominal amount) at or around the Reference Bond Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
“Relevant Reset Margin” means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Reset Margin or 
the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period; 
“Reset Determination Date” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or other market most closely connected 
with the Mid-Swap Rate; and, in the case of a determination of a Reset Reference Rate that is not 
EURIBOR, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the inter- bank 
market or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, in each case, as 
selected by the Issuer (or an agent acting on the Issuer’s behalf in consultation with the Issuer);

--- Page 100 ---
92 
 
 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means (i) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (ii) Stockholm 
in the case of a determination of STIBOR, (iii) Reykjavík, in the case of a determination of REIBOR 
or (iv) Copenhagen in the case of a determination in CIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Reset Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Second Reset Date” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date(s)” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Margin” has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity 
Date, as the case may be; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.5(b) and Condition 3.5(c), the rate of interest determined by the Fiscal Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Margin. or the sum, converted (if not already on the same basis) from a basis equivalent to the Reference 
Bond Yield to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable 
on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in 
conjunction with an investment bank of international repute selected by it), of (A) the Reference Bond 
Yield (assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price)) and (B) the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
3.6 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12. 
3.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Conditions 3.4 and 3.5, where the Original Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, applicable to the Notes is not SOFR, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate by reference to which any amount 
payable under the Notes remains to be determined, then the following provisions of this Condition 3.7 
shall apply. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.7(b) and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.7(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.5(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.7 shall act in good faith as an 
expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Fiscal

--- Page 101 ---
93 
 
 
Agent, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this 
Condition 3.7. 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.7(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine any relevant amount(s) payable under the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 3.7); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.7(c)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the any relevant amount(s) payable 
under the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 3.7). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of any relevant amount(s) payable under the Notes by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 3.7 and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and 
acting in good faith, determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 3.7(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.7(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.7 will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders.  Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate, to be made available for inspection by Noteholders, signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (c) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread

--- Page 102 ---
94 
 
 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3.7; 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and 
(iii) 
certifying that (i) the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with 
respect to each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, (ii) explaining, in 
reasonable detail, why the Issuer not done so. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.7(a), Condition 3.7(b), 
3.7(c) and 3.7(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 3.4(b)(i) and 3.4(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until the Fiscal Agent has 
been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with Condition 3.7(c) and (d).  
Further, notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.7, no successor, replacement 
or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the 
terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made if and to the extent that in the determination 
of the Issuer: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the Bank 
and/or the Group; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, (i) the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treats a future Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes rather than the actual Maturity Date or (ii) the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Notes as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be zero, positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with 
the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Rate; or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Issuer 
determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage, the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 103 ---
95 
 
 
“Alternative Rate” means an index, benchmark or other price source which the Issuer determines in 
accordance with Condition 3.7 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.7(d). 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or 
(ii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (b) the date falling six months prior 
to the date specified in (ii)(a); or 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, by a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (iv)(a); or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that 
means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used (or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences), in each case within the following six months; 
or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable. 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of 
subparagraph (vi) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the 
date of the relevant public statement. 
“Original Reference Rate” means, for a Series, the index, benchmark or price source (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining any amount payable under the Notes of that Series.  
To the extent that a Successor Rate is determined to be used in respect of a Series, such Successor Rate 
shall be an “Original Reference Rate” for that Series during the period in which it is used. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central 
bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b)

--- Page 104 ---
96 
 
 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
3.8 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Where the Original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the Notes 
is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.4 (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes), Condition 3.5 (Interest on Reset Notes) and Conditions 3.7 (Benchmark discontinuation), 
as applicable, this Condition 3.8 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) shall apply. 
(i) 
Benchmark Replacement:  If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the relevant 
Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes:  In connection with the implementation of 
a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii) 
Decisions and Determinations:  Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3.8 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking 
any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made 
in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the Holders or any other party.  The Fiscal Agent will not have any liability for 
any determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its designee in connection with a 
Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement. 
In no event shall Fiscal Agent be responsible for determining if a Benchmark Transition Event has 
occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to any alternative benchmark or 
spread thereon, the business day convention, interest determination dates or any other relevant 
methodology for calculating any such substitute or successor benchmark.  In connection with the 
foregoing, the Fiscal Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer 
or its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its 
designee. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 3.8 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), 
no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted if and to the extent that the Issuer determines, in its sole 
discretion, that such Benchmark Replacement prejudices, or could reasonably be expected to prejudice, 
after the application of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes and the further decisions and determinations as described below, 
(in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) the qualification of the Notes as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities or result in the Relevant Regulator treating a future Interest Payment Date as 
the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date or (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Capital. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that immediately preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable), or

--- Page 105 ---
97 
 
 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first 
Interest Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series 
of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant 
Interest Period is not the first Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding Reset Determination Date, 
the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.8 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior 
to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of:  (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of:  (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of:  (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is 
reasonably necessary);

--- Page 106 ---
98 
 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the 
Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
“designee” means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee for the 
Notes in writing; 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) which 
are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by the Applicable MREL 
Regulations) of the Bank and/or the Group, as the case may be, under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by 
the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;

--- Page 107 ---
99 
 
 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
4. 
Payments 
4.1 
Payments in Respect of Inflation Linked Annuity Notes and Inflation Linked Equal Principal 
Payment Notes 
(a) 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Annuity Notes 
In case of an Inflation Linked Annuity Note, the Issuer shall, on each relevant Interest Payment 
Date, make a payment that is the sum of the relevant Principal Repayment as defined in this 
Condition and the Interest Payment as defined in Condition 5.1 (together, the “Annuity 
Amount”) as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Principal Repayment(s) is the amount calculated by the Issuer on each Interest Payment Date 
by multiplying the nominal amount on the Issue Date with the Index Ratio and with the factor 
A, which is calculated according to the following formula: 
A = r ∗(1 + r)k−1
(1 + r)n −1  
where, 
A = Principal Repayment Factor 
r = 
c
f 
c = the Rate of Interest of the relevant Note 
f = the number of interest payments per year 
n = the number of Interest Payment Dates 
k = the number of payments that have already been made (k=0 on the Issue Date, k=1 on the 
first Interest Payment Date, k=n on the last Interest Payment Date, etc.) 
(b) 
Payments in respect of an Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes, including Notes 
with payment of Principal on Maturity Date 
In case of an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Note including Notes with one payment of 
Principal on Maturity Date, the Issuer shall, on each relevant Interest Payment Date, make a 
combined payment of principal, as defined in this condition and interest due as defined in 
Condition 5.2 (together, the “Equal Payment Amount”) as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Principal Repayment(s) is an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Principal 
Payment Date by multiplying the Principal Amount Outstanding on the Issue Date with the 
Index Ratio and dividing with the Number of Principal payment dates. 
The Principal Amount Outstanding is calculated based on the following formula: 
PAOt = (PAOt−1 −PRt−1 ) IRt
IRt−1

--- Page 108 ---
100 
 
 
where, 
“PAOt” means the Principal Amount Outstanding on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
“PAOt-1” means the Principal Amount Outstanding on the preceding Interest Payment Date. 
“PRt-1” means the Principal Repayment on the preceding Interest Payment Date. 
“IRt” means the Index Ratio on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
“IRt-1” means the Index Ratio on the preceding Interest Payment Date (Issue Date for the first 
Interest Payment Date). 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, in respect of a Note except an Inflation Linked 
Annuity Note and an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Note, on any day the principal amount 
of that Note on the Issue Date less principal amounts (if any) received by the holder of such 
Note in respect thereof on or prior to that day, and in respect of an Inflation Linked Annuity 
Note and an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Note, the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The value of the Index Ratio (“IR”) on the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be the value of 
the Reference Index (“RI”) applicable to the relevant Interest Payment Date divided by the 
value of the Base Index (“BI”) as calculated by the Issuer: 
IR = RIt
BI  
where, 
“Reference Index” or “RIt” means on each Interest Payment Date: 
For each day in the calendar month and number RI rounded to 5 decimals: 
RI = CPM−2 + ⌈ d −1
D
∗(CPM−1 −CPM−2)⌉ 
where, 
“CPM-1” = CPI value published by Statistics Iceland in the month preceding month M 
“CPM-2” = CPI value published by Statistics Iceland 2 months prior to month M 
“d” = the relevant calendar date 
“D” = number of calendar days in the relevant calendar month 
Provided that if the Reference Index is lower than the Base Index, the Reference Index shall 
equal the Base Index. 
And 
“Base Index” means the index value defined in the applicable Final Terms, being the value of 
the CPI on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If at any time a new index is substituted for the CPI, as of the calendar month from and including 
that in which such substitution takes effect: 
i. the Reference Index shall be deemed to refer to the new index; and 
ii. the new Base Index shall be the product of the existing Base Index and the Reference Index 
immediately following such substitution, divided by the Reference Index immediately prior to 
such substitution.

--- Page 109 ---
101 
 
 
4.2 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, 
or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
4.3 
Presentation of Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Annuity Notes and Inflation Linked Equal Principal Payment Notes 
in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be presented for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose 
include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of 
the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal (whether or not 
such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note or Inflation Linked Notes in definitive form becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof.  A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than 
the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the

--- Page 110 ---
102 
 
 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
4.4 
Payments in Respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it 
was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
4.5 
General Provisions Applicable to Payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Bank will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Bank to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Bank has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Bank, adverse tax consequences to the Bank. 
4.6 
Payments in Respect of CSD Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of CSD Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown in 
the relevant records of the relevant CSD in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations 
from time to time governing the relevant CSD. 
4.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general

--- Page 111 ---
103 
 
 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the T2 System is open. 
4.8 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5.5); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Bank 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6. 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
5.1 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Annuity Notes and Inflation Linked Equal Payment Notes, 
including Notes with one payment of Principal on Maturity Date 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Inflation Linked 
Annuity Note and each Inflation Linked Equal Payment Note, including Notes with one payment of 
Principal on Maturity Date, will, subject to Condition 4.1(a) or (b) (as applicable), be redeemed in one 
or more amounts, calculated in accordance with the formula specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Interest Payment Dates. 
5.2 
Redemption at Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Bank at its Final Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Notes where a Redemption/Payment Basis other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms), at 
100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation Amount as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 100 per cent. 
of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
5.3 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Conditions 5.6 and (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of 
Default is specified as being not applicable, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes only) 
5.12, the Notes (other than the CSD Notes) may be redeemed at the option of the Bank in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Linked Annuity Note 
nor an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is either a

--- Page 112 ---
104 
 
 
Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Linked Annuity Note or an Inflation Linked Equal Payment Note), on 
giving not less than 30 and not more than 60 days’ notice to the Fiscal Agent and in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) or, in the case of the CSD Notes, the 
relevant CSD, if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes 
(i) 
the Bank has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 6; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, the Bank would not be entitled to claim a tax 
deduction in computing its taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 6) in respect of such payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the 
occasion of the next payment due under the Subordinated Notes (or the amount of such 
deduction would be materially reduced), 
in each case, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date; and 
(b) 
such obligation, loss of entitlement (or reduction) cannot be avoided by the Bank taking 
reasonable measures available to it, 
(each a “Tax Event”) provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which (i) the Bank would be obliged to pay such additional amounts; or (ii) 
the Bank would not be entitled to claim such a deduction (or the amount of such deduction would be 
materially reduced) in respect of such payment (as applicable), in each case, were a payment in respect 
of the Notes then be due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.3, the Bank shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by 
two directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that a 
Tax Event has occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
5.4 
Redemption Upon a Capital Event – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 5.4 applies only to Subordinated Notes in relation to which this Condition 5.4 is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5.12, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at the 
option of the Bank, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note, an Inflation Linked Note or an Inflation 
Linked Annuity Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders, if a Capital 
Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Bank shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Bank so to redeem have occurred.

--- Page 113 ---
105 
 
 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.4 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meaning: 
“Applicable Banking Regulations” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Iceland and applicable to the Bank and/or the 
Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the FSA (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Bank and/or the Group); and 
“Capital Event” means the determination by the Bank, after consultation with the FSA, that, as a result 
of a change (or any pending change which the Relevant Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in 
Icelandic law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change (or any pending change which the 
Relevant Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in the official application or interpretation thereof 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes are or will 
become excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 2 Capital of the Bank and/or the Group, other than 
where such exclusion is only as a result of any applicable limitation on such capital; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; and 
“Subsidiaries” means any entity whose affairs are required by law or in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles applicable in Iceland to be consolidated in the Bank’s consolidated 
accounts. 
5.4A 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification Event – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes 
This Condition 5.4A applies only to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being not applicable and Senior Non-Preferred Notes in relation to which this Condition 
5.4A is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes” and 
“Noteholders” in this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5.12, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at the 
option of the Bank, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Noteholders, if a MREL Disqualification Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Bank shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Bank so to redeem have occurred. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.4A will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, “MREL Disqualification Event” means the determination by the Bank that, as a 
result of any implementation of, or a change (or any pending change or replacement which the Relevant 
Regulator considers sufficiently certain) in any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the 
official application or interpretation thereof by the Relevant Resolution Authority becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, the Notes will be fully excluded or partially 
excluded from the “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) available to meet any 
MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then Applicable MREL Regulations) if the Bank 
and/or the Group is then or, as the case may be, will be subject to such MREL Requirement; provided 
that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such exclusion is or will be caused by (i) the 
remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility

--- Page 114 ---
106 
 
 
criteria under the Applicable MREL Regulations, (ii) the Notes being bought back by or on behalf of 
the Bank, or (iii) any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or 
successor term) permitted or allowed to meet any MREL Requirement(s) being exceeded. 
5.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Bank (“Issuer Call”) 
Subject, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being 
not applicable, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.12, 
if Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, 
be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) 
and in accordance with the rules of the relevant CSD in the case of CSD Notes.  In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be 
published in accordance with Condition 12 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
5.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.3, Condition 5.4, Condition 5.4A and Condition 8, each Note will be 
redeemed at an amount (the “Early Redemption Amount”) calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note), at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified therein, at the Final Redemption 
Amount (and, in the case of an Inflation Linked Annuity Note or an Inflation Linked Equal 
Principal Payment Note, adjusted for indexation in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
applicable Final Terms); or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case

--- Page 115 ---
107 
 
 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
5.7 
Clean-Up Redemption Option 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5.12, if a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Bank or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, 
cancelled, the Bank may, at its option, on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the holders of such Note in accordance with Condition 
12 (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the 
outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Optional Redemption Amount(s), specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date 
set for redemption) on any Optional Clean-up Redemption Date as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
5.8 
Purchases 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5.12, the Bank or any Subsidiary of the Bank may purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Bank, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.6 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall, in the case of Notes other than CSD Notes, be forwarded 
to the Fiscal Agent, and in the case of CSD Notes, shall be deleted from the records of the relevant 
CSD, and in any case, cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.10 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.4A above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition (b) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
5.11 
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 5.11 applies only to Subordinated Notes and “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this 
Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If Condition 5.11 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and at any time a Capital 
Event (to the extent Condition 5.4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or a Tax 
Event occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.12, the Bank may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with Condition 12, the

--- Page 116 ---
108 
 
 
Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes so 
that they remain, or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities, provided that such substitution or 
variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Bank to redeem the substituted or varied securities 
that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the Bank 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank 
is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to substitute or, as the case may be, vary the terms of 
the Notes, have occurred. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Bank that: 
(a) 
have terms (other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17) not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Bank) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as 
the case may be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements of the FSA in relation to Tier 
2 Capital; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not 
been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding 
the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date, and (vi) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a published and solicited 
rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such 
Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published 
and solicited rating to the relevant Qualifying Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Bank; and 
“Rating Agency” means the relevant credit rating agency (or their respective successors) as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Substitution or Variation – Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 5.11A applies only to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being not applicable and Senior Non-Preferred Notes and “Notes” and “Noteholders” in 
this Condition shall be construed accordingly. 
If Condition 5.11A is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and at any time a 
MREL Disqualification Event (to the extent Condition 5.4A is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) or a Tax Event occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 17, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.12, the Bank may, having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12, the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary 
the terms of the Notes so that they remain, or, as appropriate, become, in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below), or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities (as defined below), as the case may be. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the Bank 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank 
is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to substitute or, as the case may be, vary the terms of 
the Notes, have occurred.

--- Page 117 ---
109 
 
 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Bank that: 
(a) 
have terms (other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17) not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Bank) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as 
the case may be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has 
not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (vi) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a 
published and solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal 
or higher published and solicited rating to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Qualifying 
Securities; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Bank; and 
“Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities” means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Bank 
that: 
(a) 
have terms (other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17) not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as 
reasonably determined by the Bank) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) 
have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) 
have the same redemption rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as 
the case may be; (iv) comply with the then current requirements in relation to “eligible 
liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) provided for in the Applicable MREL 
Regulations; (v) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has 
not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of substitution or variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date, and (vi) where Notes which have been substituted or varied had a 
published and solicited rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to such substitution or 
variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal 
or higher published and solicited rating to the relevant Senior Preferred Qualifying Securities; 
and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Bank. 
5.12 
Consent of the Relevant Regulator 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 
5.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 5.11, shall take place without the prior written consent 
of the Relevant Regulator (if, and to the extent then required under Applicable Banking Regulations or 
Applicable MREL Regulations, by the Relevant Regulator).  For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of 
Subordinated Notes under Condition 5.2 shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator.

--- Page 118 ---
110 
 
 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being not 
applicable) and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under 
Condition 5.8 or substitution or variation under Condition 5.11A, shall take place without the prior 
written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent then allowed under the Applicable MREL 
Regulations).  For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes under Condition 5.2 shall not require the consent of the Relevant Regulator, and any 
refusal by the Relevant Regulator to grant its consent to any such early redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 5.12 will not constitute an Event of Default (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where 
Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms)) or an 
Enforcement Event (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as not being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes only) with respect to the Notes. 
6. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Bank 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Bank will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence 
of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in any Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 4.5). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Bank be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons for, or on account of, any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
 “Tax Jurisdiction” means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal 
Agent or, in the case of CSD Notes, the CSD Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in relation to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Senior Preferred Notes (in respect of which “Unrestricted Events of Default” is specified as being not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the payment of any additional amounts by the Issuer will 
otherwise be limited to payments in relation to interest only.

--- Page 119 ---
111 
 
 
7. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made 
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2. 
8. 
Events of Default and Enforcement Events 
8.1 
Events of Default Relating to Senior Preferred Notes, where Applicable 
This Condition 8.1 shall apply only to Senior Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” 
in this Condition 8.1 shall be construed accordingly.  If any one or more of the following events (each 
an “Event of Default”) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of five days in the 
case of principal and 10 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Bank fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice 
as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next 
following the service by a Noteholder on the Bank of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(c) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Bank or any of its Principal 
Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however 
described); (ii) the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect 
of any Financial Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period; (iii) any security given by the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Bank or any 
of its Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity 
given by it in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other person, provided that the 
aggregate nominal amount of any such Financial Indebtedness of the Bank or such Principal 
Subsidiary in the case of (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or amount of Financial Indebtedness in 
relation to which such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Bank or such Principal Subsidiary has 
been given in the case of (iv) above, is at least €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency); 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation (i) on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) in the 
case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and the assets of the Principal 
Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Bank or another of its Subsidiaries as 
part of a voluntary amalgamation, reconstruction or restructuring in relation to a Principal 
Subsidiary which is solvent); or 
(e) 
if the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on (in the 
case of the Bank) the whole or a substantial part of its business or (in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary) the whole or substantially the whole of its business, (save in each case for the 
purposes of reorganisation (i) on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or 
(ii) in the case of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and the assets of the Principal 
Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Bank or another of its Subsidiaries as 
part of a voluntary amalgamation, reconstruction or restructuring in relation to a Principal

--- Page 120 ---
112 
 
 
Subsidiary which is solvent) or the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens 
to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) 
as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Bank or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to all or substantially all of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrance takes possession of all or 
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against all or 
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in any case (other than the 
appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 14 days; or 
(g) 
if the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Bank at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
borrowed money; 
(b) 
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or any dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(c) 
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any debenture, bond, 
note or loan stock or other similar instrument (with the exception of any loan stock issued by a 
member of the Group which is cash collateralised); 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (otherwise than on a non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial or economic effect of a borrowing and which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, includes any transaction that is required to be classified and accounted for 
as borrowings, for financial reporting purposes in accordance with IFRS; 
(g) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from 
fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, 
only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); or 
(h) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution;

--- Page 121 ---
113 
 
 
“IFRS” means International Financial Reporting Standards; and 
“Principal Subsidiary” means at any time a Subsidiary of the Bank: 
(a) 
whose gross revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial 
period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries 
relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues, or, as the case 
may be, consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as 
calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the 
case may be, non-consolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Bank 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above 
shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned 
accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest 
relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Bank; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Bank which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal 
Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Bank and its 
Subsidiaries for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and 
audited as aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be 
a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have 
been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above 
or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries relate, generate gross revenues equal to) not less than 
10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal 
to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the 
transferor Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate gross revenues equal to) not less than 10 per cent. 
of the consolidated total gross revenues, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are 
equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) 
on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries for the financial 
period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any 
time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, 
by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement. 
A report by two managing directors of the Bank that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Bank is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.

--- Page 122 ---
114 
 
 
8.2 
Enforcement Events – Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Preferred 
Notes, where applicable 
This Condition 8.2 applies only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, and references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” in this Condition shall be 
construed accordingly. 
The following events or circumstances (each an “Enforcement Event”) shall constitute enforcement 
events in relation to the Notes: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any 
of them and the default continues for a period of five days in the case of principal and ten days 
in the case of interest, any Noteholder may, at its own discretion and without further notice, 
institute proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Bank to such 
Noteholder, provided that a Noteholder may not at any time file for liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Bank.  Any Noteholder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such 
proceedings against the Bank as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision 
binding on the Bank under the Notes, provided that the Bank shall not by virtue of the institution 
of any proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise 
have been payable by it; and 
(b) 
if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Bank, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, then the Notes shall become due and payable at their outstanding principal amount 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. 
9. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
This Condition 9 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Bank 
may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
10. 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents or any alternative CSD Agent are appointed in connection with any Series, 
the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bank is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Bank is incorporated; and

--- Page 123 ---
115 
 
 
(d) 
in the case of CSD Notes, there will always be a CSD Agent authorised to act as an account 
holding institution with the relevant CSD and one or more calculation agent(s) where the 
applicable Final Terms of the relevant CSD Notes so require. 
In addition, in the case of the Notes other than CSD Notes, the Bank shall forthwith appoint a Paying 
Agent having a specified office in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 4.5.  
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Bank in accordance with Condition 12. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Bank and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is 
merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
11. 
Exchange of Talons 
This Condition 11 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such 
further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of 
interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 7. 
12. 
Notices 
12.1 
Notes Other than CSD Notes 
This Condition 12.1 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if (a) published in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on and listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and if the guidelines 
of that exchange so require, filed with the Companies Announcements Office of the Irish Stock 
Exchange.  It is expected that such publication will be made in the Financial Times in London.  The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date 
of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent.  Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Fiscal Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such

--- Page 124 ---
116 
 
 
manner as the Fiscal Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
12.2 
CSD Notes 
This Condition 12.2 only applies to CSD Notes. 
All notices regarding the CSD Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in accordance with 
the procedures of the relevant CSD.  The Bank shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a 
manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
CSD Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the CSD Notes on the date it is published in 
accordance with the procedures of the relevant CSD.  Notices to be given by any holder of CSD Notes 
may be given by such holder through the relevant CSD in such manner as the CSD Agent and the 
relevant CSD may approve for this purpose.  The Bank can additionally at its own discretion obtain 
information from the relevant CSD on the Noteholders in order to send notices to each Noteholder 
directly. 
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
13.1 
Notes Other than CSD Notes 
This Condition 13.1 only applies to Notes other than CSD Notes. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of a conference 
call or a video call) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement.  Such a meeting may be convened by the Bank and shall be 
convened by the Bank if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one 
or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any 
date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the 
quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding 
on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Fiscal Agent and the Bank may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent required 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations), any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 125 ---
117 
 
 
13.2 
CSD Notes 
This Condition 13.2 only applies to CSD Notes. 
Meetings of Noteholders (including by way of a conference call or a video call) (for the purposes of 
this Condition 13.2, a “Noteholders’ Meeting”) may be convened by the Bank and shall be convened 
by the Bank if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing a 
resolution is one or more persons holding a certificate or certificates (dated no earlier than 14 days prior 
to the meeting) from the relevant CSD or the CSD Agent, stating that each such Noteholder is entered 
into the records of such CSD as a Noteholder, and such Noteholder or Noteholders collectively hold or 
represent not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding and 
provide an undertaking that no transfers or dealings have taken place or will take place in the relevant 
Notes until the conclusion of the meeting, or at any adjourned meeting one or more such persons being 
or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented; except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes 
as set out in Part B (Provisions for Meetings of Holders of CSD Notes) of Schedule 3 of the Agency 
Agreement (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes), the quorum shall be one or more such persons 
holding or representing not less than two-thirds in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented.  A resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present 
at the meeting. 
For the purposes of a meeting of the Noteholders, the person named in the certificate from the relevant 
CSD or the CSD Agent described above shall be treated as the holder of the Notes specified in such 
certificate, provided that he has given an undertaking not to transfer the Notes so specified (prior to the 
close of the meeting). 
The provisions for the convening and holding of such Noteholders’ Meetings are set out in Part B 
(Provisions for Meetings of Holders of CSD Notes) of Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement. 
The CSD Agent and the Bank may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(c) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the CSD Notes which is not prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders; or 
(d) 
any modification of the CSD Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made 
to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the Relevant Regulator (if and to the extent required 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations), any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Bank shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 126 ---
118 
 
 
15. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
16. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
16.1 
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes (other than CSD Notes), the Coupons and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed 
of Covenant, the Notes (other than CSD Notes) and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law except for the provisions of Condition 2 which shall, in each case, be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law.  The CSD Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Icelandic law. 
16.2 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 16.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than the CSD Notes) and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (other than the CSD Notes) 
and/or the Coupons (a “Dispute”) and accordingly each of the Bank and any Noteholders (other 
than the CSD Noteholders) or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16.2, the Bank waives any objection to the English courts on 
the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(d) 
The Bank irrevocably agrees that any dispute arising out of or in connection with the CSD Notes 
shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court of Reykjavík (Ice. 
Héraðsdómur Reykjavíkur) and legal action taken may be proceeded with in accordance with 
the Act on Civil Procedure No. 91/1991 (Ice. Lög um meðferð einkamála), Chapter 17. 
16.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Bank irrevocably appoints the Embassy of Iceland, London as its agent for service of process in 
any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of the 
Embassy of Iceland, London being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute.  The 
Bank agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service.  
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
16.4 
Waiver of Immunity 
The Bank irrevocably and unconditionally with respect to any Dispute (i) waives any right to claim 
sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction, recognition or enforcement and any similar argument in 
any jurisdiction, (ii) submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts and the courts of any other 
jurisdiction in relation to the recognition of any judgment or order of the English courts or the courts of 
any competent jurisdiction in relation to any Dispute and (iii) consents to the giving of any relief 
(whether by way of injunction, attachment, specific performance or other relief) or the issue of any 
related process, in any jurisdiction, whether before or after final judgment, including without limitation,

--- Page 127 ---
119 
 
 
the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Dispute. 
16.5 
Other Documents 
The Bank has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
17. 
Acknowledgement of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes, or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understanding between any of the parties thereto or between the Issuer and any 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes), each Noteholder by its purchase of the Notes will be deemed to acknowledge, accept, and 
agree, that any liability arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and 
agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, 
or a combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue 
to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by 
means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity date of the Notes or the amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest become payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Bank shall provide a notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 as soon as reasonably practicable regarding such exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
for the purpose of notifying Noteholders of such occurrence.  Any delay or failure by the Bank to give 
notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Statutory Loss Absorption Powers nor the 
effects on the Notes described in this Condition 17.  The exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes shall not constitute an Event of 
Default (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes (where Unrestricted Events of Default is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms)) or an Enforcement Event (in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Preferred Notes (where Unrestricted Events of Default 
is specified as not being applicable in the applicable Final Terms)) with respect to the Notes. 
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meaning: 
“Relevant Amounts” means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes pursuant to Condition 6.  References to 
such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, 
prior to the exercise of any applicable Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority;

--- Page 128 ---
120 
 
 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Resolution Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland, the 
FSA, or any successor authority that has the power to implement Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
with respect to the Bank; 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Powers” mean any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, 
suspension or similar or related powers existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance 
with any Statutory Loss Absorption Regime; and 
“Statutory Loss Absorption Regime” means any statutory regime implemented or directly effective 
in Iceland which provides any Relevant Resolution Authority with the powers to implement loss 
absorption measures in respect of capital instruments (such as the Notes), including, but not limited to, 
the Act on the Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions, No. 70/2020.

--- Page 129 ---
121 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
If “general corporate purposes” is specified in the “Reasons for the Offer” section in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for the Bank’s general corporate purposes, 
which may include making a profit. 
If “Sustainable Finance Instrument” is specified in the “Reasons for the Offer” section in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used to finance, refinance and/or 
invest in Eligible Activities and Assets in line with the Bank’s Sustainable Finance Framework (as amended 
and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time), 
which 
is 
available 
at 
the 
Bank’s 
website:  
https://www.landsbankinn.is/en/the-bank/investor-relations/sustainable-finance. 
The Bank engaged Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on the 
Sustainable Finance Framework. This opinion is available at https://www.landsbankinn.is/en/the-bank/investor-
relations/sustainable-finance.  
Investors should consider risk factors set out in “Risk Factors - There can be no assurance that use of proceeds 
of Notes issued as Sustainable Finance Instrument will be suitable for an investor´s investment criteria. Any 
failure to use the net proceeds of any Sustainable Finance Instrument properly, may affect the value and/or 
trading price and/or may have consequences for certain investors, with portfolio mandates to invest in assets 
with particular purpose.” 
The Sustainable Finance Framework, any relevant opinion (including, without limitation, the Second Party 
Opinion or certification and any other document related thereto including any footnotes, links to the Bank’s 
website and/or progress and impact assessment reports are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated by 
reference/ incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. If, in respect of any particular issue there is 
a particular identified use of proceeds other than as described above, this will be stated in the relevant section 
of the Final Terms.

--- Page 130 ---
122 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
OVERVIEW 
The Bank is a leading Icelandic financial institution, offering a full range of financial services in the Icelandic 
financial service sector with a total of 34 branches and outlets across the country.  The Bank was established on 
7 October 2008 as a limited liability company, but the history of its predecessor, Landsbanki Íslands hf. (“LBI”) 
dates back to 1886. 
The Bank has been granted an operating licence to act as a commercial bank and it operates pursuant to the 
provisions of the Act on Financial Undertaking, No 161/2002, the Act on Public Limited Companies, No. 2/1995 
and the Act on the Authority for Treasury Disbursements due to Unusual Financial Market Circumstances etc. 
No. 125/2008.  The Bank is supervised by the Icelandic FSA. 
Landsbankinn hf. (referred to as Landsbankinn) is registered with the Register of Enterprises in Iceland with 
registration number 471008-0280.  The Bank’s registered office is located at Reykjastræti 6, 101 Reykjavík, 
Iceland and its telephone number is:  +354 410 4000.  The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Bank is 
549300TLZPT6JELDWM92. 
On 4 April 2024, the international rating agency S&P Global Ratings raised the Bank’s long-term issuer credit 
rating at BBB+/A-2, with a stable outlook.  The previous rating action was in November 2023 when S&P revised 
the outlook on the credit rating from stable to positive. 
For the three months ended 31 March 2024, the Group’s net interest income was ISK 14.38 billion.  For the year 
ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s net interest income was ISK 57.56 billion compared to ISK 46.46 billion 
in 2022.  Total operating income for the three months ended 31 March 2024, was ISK 17.56 billion.  For the 
year ended 31 December 2023 total operating income was ISK 73.85 billion and ISK 53.25 billion in 2022.  
Profit for the three months ended 31 March 2024 was ISK 7.16 billion and profit for the year ended 31 December 
2023 was ISK 33.17 billion compared to ISK 17.0 billion in 2022.  As at 31 March 2024, the Group’s total assets 
were ISK 2,032 billion.  As at the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s total assets were ISK 1,961 billion 
compared to ISK 1,787 billion, at year-end 2022. 
Further information can be found in the 2023 Financial Statements and the 2024 Q1 Interim Financial 
Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
The Bank and Kvika Bank agreed to enter into exclusive negotiations for the purchase by the Bank of TM based 
on a purchase offer the Bank made on 15 March 2024.  The Bank offered an ISK 28.6 billion purchase price; 
the final consideration for TM depends on a closing adjustment on the date the Bank assumes operation of the 
company.  The proposed acquisition is contingent on such factors as due diligence and approval by the Icelandic 
Competition Authority as well as the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland and as 
such has no impact on the financial statements for the period ended 31 March 2024.  An agreement for the 
purchase by the Bank of TM was signed on 30 May 2024, following the completion of a due diligence process. 
The Bank will assume operation of TM once approval by the Icelandic Competition Authority and the Financial 
Supervisory Authority is obtained.  See further “Risk Factors - Increased competition and changes in ownership 
of the Bank’s main competitors may affect the Bank and its business.” 
In addition, in the first quarter 2024, the Bank along with other banks and pension funds, agreed to participate 
in funding of the real estate company Fasteignafélagið Thórkatla ehf., established by the State for the purpose 
of purchasing residential housing in Grindavík and giving individuals the option of selling their properties to 
the company with pre-emption.  See further “Risk Factors - Should one or more of the Bank’s counterparties 
fail to fulfil its obligations, it may result in material adverse effects on the Bank’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations.” 
Furthermore, in April 2024, the Monetary Policy Committee (“MPC”) of the CBI increased the credit 
institution’s fixed reserve requirement from 2 per cent. to 3 per cent. of the reserve base.  The change took effect

--- Page 131 ---
123 
 
 
on 21 April 202416.  The Bank will be required to maintain ISK 35 billion on a non-interest-bearing account 
with the CBI, which is a 50 per cent increase from the previous requirement.  The cost increase for the Bank 
comes to ISK 1 billion per year. 
HISTORICAL BACKGROUND 
LBI, the Bank’s predecessor, was established by the Icelandic Parliament on 1 July 1886.  In establishing LBI, 
the Icelandic Parliament hoped to boost monetary transactions and encourage the country’s nascent industries.  
LBI’s first decades of operation were restricted by its limited financial capacity, and it was little more than a 
building society. 
Following the turn of the 20th century, however, Icelandic society progressed and prospered as industrialisation 
finally made inroads, and LBI grew and developed in parallel to the nation.  In the 1920s, LBI became Iceland’s 
largest bank and was made responsible for issuing Iceland’s bank bonds.  The issuance of bank bonds was 
transferred to the then newly established Central Bank of Iceland in 1961 and LBI continued to develop as a 
commercial bank, expanding its branch network in the ensuing decades. 
Liberalisation of financial services in Iceland, beginning in 1986, opened up new opportunities which LBI 
managed to take advantage of, despite some economic adversity.  In 1997, LBI was incorporated as a limited 
liability company, and the ensuing privatisation was concluded in 2003.  From 2003 to 2008, LBI operated as a 
private bank with substantial international activities in addition to its traditional Icelandic operations. 
Following the continuous deterioration of the financial markets and the collapse of the Icelandic banking system, 
the Icelandic FSA took control of LBI on 7 October 2008.  The Bank, wholly owned by the Icelandic State, was 
established around the domestic deposits and the majority of the Icelandic assets of the old bank.  All liabilities 
and assets not transferred to the Bank were retained in LBI and a Resolution Committee was appointed to 
supersede the board of directors of LBI.  LBI was a public limited liability company (hf.) but changed to a 
private limited liability company (ehf.) in 2016. 
SHAREHOLDERS, SHARE CAPITAL AND DIVIDEND POLICY 
As at 31. March 2024, the Bank had 819 shareholders.  The ISFI manages 23,567,013,778 (98.2 per cent.) shares 
and the corresponding voting rights on behalf of the largest shareholder, the Icelandic State Treasury.  The ISFI 
manages its holdings in the Bank in accordance with its publicly available ownership policy.  The second largest 
shareholder is the Bank, which at the date of the Base Prospectus holds 385,419,200 (1.61 per cent.) of its own 
shares after acquisition by the Bank of its own shares under its buy-back programme in February 2024.  See 
further “Share Capital”. 
 
Shares as at 31 
March 2024 
% of the Bank’s 
share capital 
Icelandic State Treasury ..................................................................................................  
23,567,013,778 
98.20% 
Landsbankinn’s own shares .............................................................................................  
385,419,200 
1.61% 
Other shareholders...........................................................................................................  
47,567,022 
0.20% 
Total shares ....................................................................................................................  
24,000,000,000 
100% 
The Bank is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by others, other than those listed above.  The Bank is 
not aware of any arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of 
the Bank. 
According to the Icelandic State Ownership Strategy for Financial Services, published by the Finance Ministry 
in 2020, it is the intention of the ISFI to retain substantial equity stake in the Bank for the long-term to contribute, 
among other things, to financial system stability.  No decision on the equity stake sale will be made until the 
ISFI has sold all its shares in Íslandsbanki.17 
 
16 
See further:  https://www.cb.is/publications/news/news/2024/04/04/Monetary-Policy-Committee-Statement-on-
changes-to-credit-institutions-minimum-reserve-requirements-4-April-2024/ 
17 
Source:  “The Icelandic State’s ownership strategy for Financial Services” published in February 2020 by the 
Ministries of Finance and Economic Affairs:  
http://www.bankasysla.is/files/EigandastefnaRikisins2020_02_loka_968608008.pdf

--- Page 132 ---
124 
 
 
Share capital 
The Bank’s total share capital is ISK 24,000,000,000 of which 23,614,580,800 shares are outstanding.  Each 
share has a nominal value of one ISK and the owner is entitled to one vote at shareholders’ meetings. 
The Bank’s AGM held on 23 March 2023 authorised the Bank, in accordance with Article 55 of the Act on 
Public Limited Companies, No. 2/1995, to acquire its own shares, up to 10 per cent. of the nominal value.  The 
minimum and maximum amounts the Bank is authorised to pay for each share shall be equivalent to its book 
value, i.e. ratio of shareholder equity to share capital, as disclosed in the most recent annual or interim financial 
statements published before the purchase of own shares takes place.  This authorisation was valid until the 2024 
AGM of the Bank.  Disposition of own shares purchased by the Bank is based on this authorisation and is subject 
to approval by a shareholder’s meeting.  On 15 February 2024, the Bank’s board of directors decided to exercise 
an authorisation to purchase the Bank’s owns shares.  Under the buy-back programme, the maximum purchase 
amounted to 54 million shares or the equivalent of 0.23 per cent. of issued share capital.  From 19 February 
2024 to 4 March 2024, the Bank acquired 6,423,476 own shares at a price of ISK 12,8595 for a total amount of 
ISK 82,602,68918.  At the end of the repurchase period the Bank holds 385,419,200 own shares, the equivalent 
of around 1.61 per cent of issued share capital in the Bank. 
The Bank’s AGM held on 19 April 2024 authorised the Bank, in accordance with Article 55 of the Act on Public 
Limited Companies, No. 2/1995, to acquire up to 10 per cent. of the nominal value of own share capital.  The 
minimum and maximum amounts the Bank is authorised to pay for each share shall be equivalent to its book 
value, i.e. ratio of shareholder equity to share capital, as disclosed in the most recent annual or interim financial 
statements published before the purchase of own shares takes place.  This authorisation is valid until the 2025 
AGM of the Bank.  Disposition of own shares purchased by the Bank based on this authorisation is subject to 
approval by a shareholders’ meeting. 
Dividend policy 
The Bank’s current dividend policy provides that the Bank aims to pay regular dividends to shareholders, 
amounting in general to around 50 per cent. of the previous year’s profit.  To achieve the Bank’s target capital 
ratio, special dividend payments may also be made to optimise its capital structure.  Regard shall be had for risk 
in the Bank’s internal and external environment, growth prospects and the maintenance of a long-term, robust 
equity and liquidity position, as well as compliance with regulatory requirements of financial standing at any 
given time. 
The AGM of the Bank, held on 19 April 2024, approved the motion of the Board of Directors to pay shareholders 
a dividend amounting to ISK 0.70 per share for the operating year 2023 and to pay the dividend in two 
instalments.  The first date of payment (ISK 0.35 per share) was 24 April 2024, amounting to ISK 8,265 million.  
The latter date of payment (ISK 0.35 per share) will be 16 October 2024, amounting to ISK 8,265 million.  The 
total dividend for the accounting year 2023, based on outstanding shares, amounts to ISK 16,530 million, 
equivalent to 50 per cent. of the year’s profit and is payable in 2024.  Rights to the aforementioned dividend 
payments is based on the register of shareholders at end of business on the day of the AGM, 19 April 2024. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Bank is the parent company of a group and its principal subsidiaries include the following as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus (the “Group”): 
Principal subsidiaries 
Principal area of activity 
Ownership 
interest 
Eignarhaldsfélag Landsbankans 
ehf. 
Holding company 
100% 
Landsbréf hf. 
Management company for mutual funds 
100% 
 
18 
See further:  https://www.landsbankinn.is/en/the-bank/investor-relations/news/end-of-acquisition-period-2024

--- Page 133 ---
125 
 
 
Hömlur ehf.19 
Holding company 
100% 
Hömlur fyrirtæki ehf. 
Holding company 
100% 
STRATEGY 
Guided by the Bank’s purpose, “banking for the future”, and its effective strategy, “Landsbankinn, an ever-
smarter bank”, the Bank responds to changes in society and the opportunities and challenges technological 
developments offer to simplify life for its customers.  The strategy guides the way between rapid technological 
changes and personal service. 
All the strategic goals emphasize on putting the Bank in its customers’ shoes and aligning the Bank’s products 
and services to the different needs of corporates and individuals.  The Bank’s key focus areas are the following: 
• 
Broaden the Bank’s income base with new income streams, more customers and optimisation of both 
processes and operation. 
• 
Contribute to customers’ financial health with robust solutions and good overview of finances. 
• 
Emphasis on self-service by simplifying and improving services and adding products. 
• 
Favourable funding and sound operation for the future benefit both customers and owners. 
Business 
The governance structure below illustrates the Bank’s principal operating and support functions as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
 
The Bank has three reporting segments:  Personal Banking, Corporate Banking and Asset Management & 
Capital Markets. 
 
19 
Hömlur ehf. is a parent of a number of subsidiaries, which are not significant either individually or on a 
combined basis in the context of the Group’s business.

--- Page 134 ---
126 
 
 
Personal Banking 
The Personal Banking division (“Personal Banking”) offers individuals and small and medium-sized 
enterprises (“SME”) outside the capital city region comprehensive financial services and advice.  The emphasis 
is on digital service channels and self-service solutions, both through online banking and the Bank’s mobile 
application, together with conventional service through the Bank’s branch network and Customer Service 
Centre. 
Personal Banking comprises four departments:  the Branch Network, the Customer Service Centre, Business 
Solutions, that manages products, sales campaigns and debt collection for the retail part of the Bank, and 
Business Development, that manages product development for the retail part of the Bank. 
The Bank operates 33 branches and outlets around Iceland.  Its distribution channel strategy is to ensure the 
provision of personal, economical and value-added banking services to its customers. 
Emphasis is placed on providing customers with a diverse range of products.  Each branch offers general 
services and personal advice to individuals.  In rural areas, branches provide further service and advice to SMEs.  
Various self-service options are available throughout the country.  In addition, the Bank’s customers have access 
to financial services through its Customer Service Centre, online banking system and mobile solutions. 
Among the Bank’s customers are over 130,000 individuals and around 11,000 SMEs.  Its market share is around 
39 per cent. with respect to individuals, and 33 per cent. with respect to SMEs around the country, according to 
a survey conducted by Gallup in 2023.  
Corporate Banking 
Corporate Banking (“Corporate Banking”) provides comprehensive financial services and advice to large, 
small and medium sized corporate clients and municipalities, as well as tailored services to meet customer 
specific needs.  Corporate Banking also handles corporate and SMEs’ services in the capital region.  In addition, 
it emphasises digital service channels and self-service solutions such as corporate online banking and the Bank’s 
mobile application.  Corporate Banking holds a strong position among the largest companies and institutions in 
Iceland.  The market share in Corporate Banking, according to an annual survey conducted by Gallup in 2023, 
is around 34 per cent. 
Corporate Banking comprises six business units and two support units.  The business units are split based on 
sector segmentation; one unit manages relations with contractors, real estate companies, travel service 
companies and municipalities and larger customers in fisheries and agriculture; the second unit manages 
relations with industrial companies and companies in trade and service; the third unit manages relations with 
around 7,000 SMEs in the capital region.  The fourth business unit focuses on fleet-, machinery and equipment 
financing and leasing.  The fifth unit is an acquiring service for merchants and the retail sector.  Finally, there is 
a corporate finance unit that provides advisory services to companies and investors and is focused on services 
in relation to mergers and acquisitions, purchase and sale of companies and advice on project financing.  The 
unit also advises on and co-ordinates public offerings and listings on stock exchanges, as well as providing 
services to companies listed on a stock exchange. 
Corporate Banking has two support units:  Business Support and Legal and Credit Analysis. 
Business Support is a support unit designed to assist the business units by providing in-depth data analysis and 
business development solutions. 
Legal and Credit Assessment is responsible for the preparation of credit rating reports and supervising business 
cases, which are submitted for credit decisions. 
The unit also provides analyses, management and negotiations regarding the restructuring of problematic assets 
in the corporate loan portfolio and legal advice regarding corporate lending and restructuring and is responsible 
for drafting more complex loan contracts and collateral agreements.

--- Page 135 ---
127 
 
 
Asset Management & Capital Markets 
Asset Management and Capital Markets provides brokerage services in securities, foreign currencies and 
derivatives, sale of securities issues, money market lending and advisory services.  The division offers a range 
of wealth and asset management products and services for individuals, corporations and institutional investors.  
The division comprises three departments:  Asset Management, Capital Markets and Business Solutions.  Fund 
management firm Landsbréf hf., a subsidiary of the Bank, is included under Asset Management and Capital 
Markets in the Bank’s income statement. 
Asset Management offers comprehensive asset management services, from advising on the selection of 
appropriate short or long-term savings options to more tailored services, such as management of customer 
portfolios.  Asset Management has a diverse range of customers that includes individuals, companies, pension 
funds and municipalities.  Investment funds managed by Landsbréf hf. are part of Asset Management’s product 
offering.  Two pension funds are fully managed by Asset Management, which includes management of their 
securities portfolios, supervising accounting, registration of pension rights and pension payments. 
Capital Markets handles market transactions in financial instruments, such as bonds, equities, derivatives and 
foreign currencies for professional clients.  Capital Markets also handles the issue and sale of corporate, 
municipal and government bonds. 
Business Solutions is a support unit designed to assist the business units and manage the product development 
process for the division.  The department is an important contributor to the security element of Landsbankinn’s 
online banking platform and its mobile application.  Business Solutions is responsible for implementing changes 
to the division’s processes in response to changes in the legal and regulatory environment. 
Support divisions 
The Bank has four support divisions:  Risk Management, Finance, Information Technology & Communication 
& Culture. 
Risk Management 
Risk Management is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on all risk within the Bank.  
Subsidiaries of the Bank have their own risk management functions and Risk Management receives information 
on exposures from the subsidiaries and collates them into Group exposure.  Risk Management is also responsible 
for comprehensive risk reporting on risk positions to various internal departments and committees and 
supervisory authorities. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Risk Management Division is comprised of five departments. 
• 
Credit Management reviews, and approves or vetos, credit decisions made by the Bank’s business units 
when credit applications exceed the business units’ limits.  Confirmation by Credit Management implies 
that Credit Management has reviewed the credit application and does not exercise its veto rights.  Credit 
applications exceeding the confirmation limits of Risk Management are referred to the Bank’s Credit 
Committee.  The department also oversees regular updates of the Bank’s credit policies and other rules 
related to the credit process. 
• 
Credit Risk is responsible for measuring and monitoring credit risk as well as for providing the Bank 
with systems and processes to measure, monitor and control credit risk in credit and policy decisions.  
Credit Risk is responsible for assessment, analysis and reporting on credit risk, economic capital and 
impairment.  Credit Risk is also responsible for rules and procedures regarding credit risk, such as 
procedures for impairment measurement, credit mitigation and forbearance. 
• 
Market Risk is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on market risk, liquidity risk and 
interest rate risk in the banking book along with limit monitoring and reporting.  The department 
develops and maintains the Bank’s market risk models and maintains the Bank’s Market Risk Policy 
and Liquidity Risk Policy, as well as implementing processes to measure and monitor market risk and 
liquidity risk within the Bank.  Market Risk is also responsible for monitoring all derivatives trading 
the Bank enters into, both for hedging and trading purposes, securities financing transactions, as well 
as FX balance monitoring for the Bank.

--- Page 136 ---
128 
 
 
• 
The Operational Risk is responsible for ensuring centralised management of operational risk other than 
compliance and conduct risk.  The department assists in mapping the Bank’s operational risk in a 
comprehensive risk assessment and in executive assessment and analysis of operational and loss events.  
Operational Risk is involved in the design and testing of the Group’s continuity plans.  The department 
is responsible for ensuring compliance with the ISO 27001 standard for information security. 
• 
Internal Risk Models provides the Bank with Internal Rating Based (“IRB”) and Economic Capital 
(“EC”) models and related processes to estimate credit risk and link the risk to equity and provides 
support during the implementation of those models and processes within the Bank.  The department 
develops models for pre-approved limits, in order to facilitate the automation of lending processes. 
Finance 
Finance is a division that incorporates both support and profit functions.  The division comprises six 
departments:  Treasury, Accounting & Financial Reporting (“A&FR”), Transaction Services, Loan 
Administration, Market Making and Sustainability. 
Treasury is responsible for the Bank’s funding, liquidity management and market making in money markets.  
Treasury manages the Bank’s exchange rate, interest rate and inflation risks, within limits that are set by the 
Board of Directors.  In addition, Treasury handles investor relations, dealings with the Central Bank and 
communications with domestic and overseas financial institutions, as well as rating agencies.  Treasury is also 
responsible for the Bank’s internal and external interest rate pricing. 
A&FR is responsible for financial accounting and budgeting within the Bank.  The Department handles the 
compilation and communication of management information; monthly, quarterly and annual financial 
statements; and budgeting and rolling financial forecasts.  A&FR is further responsible for carrying out earnings 
measurements, analysis, and has a control function within the Bank. 
Transaction Services provides services to the income divisions of the Bank and to the Bank’s customers.  The 
main activities include international payments, clearing and settlement of securities and foreign exchange 
transactions, accounting and settlement for fund, AML monitoring cash transactions and back-office functions 
for pension savings. 
Loan Administration manages all loans for the Bank and third-party owned loans, including documentation and 
payments information disclosure and amendments to loans.  The department is also responsible for appendices 
and inventory of active loans and the final processing of settled documents for permanent archiving.  The 
department includes a dedicated unit which handles import and export documentary, standby letters of credit, 
guarantees, documentary collections and domestic guarantees. 
Market Making acts as a market maker for a number of listed securities, as well as the ISK on the interbank 
market.  The role of a market maker is to promote normal price formation and liquidity in the market by 
submitting offers to buy or sell the asset to which the market making agreement applies at any time, for its own 
account within a maximum price spread. 
Sustainability is responsible for all sustainability-related concerns of the Bank, both regulatory and voluntary.  
The main activities include implementing sustainability regulations from the EU, maintaining the Sustainable 
Finance Framework, communicating with external ESG Risk-Rating agencies, carbon accounting, monitoring 
the sustainability goals, sustainability reporting and other sustainability commitments. 
Information Technology 
The Information Technology (“IT”) division is responsible for developing, operating and advising on the Bank’s 
information systems and solutions.  The IT division comprises six departments:  Architecture, Application 
Management and Software Development, Information Intelligence, IT Service, Operations, and Web 
Development. 
The Architecture department comprises several units which are responsible for several different tasks such as 
providing process improvement, procurement, strategic planning and project management, data and software 
architecture.

--- Page 137 ---
129 
 
 
The Application Management and Software Development department comprises eight different domain units.  
The department oversees all business software, both internally developed and third-party software. 
The Information Intelligence department is the driving force behind the use of information for decision making 
and improved customer service.  This department is responsible for the data warehouse, business intelligence 
reports and data analytics. 
The IT Service department comprises of the Help desk unit, which provides service to internal users, the 
Information Technology Infrastructure Library process management unit and the physical document storage 
supervision. 
The Operations department comprises several different units:  operations, system administration, database 
administration, hardware support, software distribution, net, phone, access control, batch processing and 
security as well as hardware such as data centres, telephone systems, ATMs, etc. 
The Web Development department designs, maintains and develops all front-end web solutions that clients use 
such as the mobile app, online banking and the Bank’s webpages. 
Communication and Culture 
Communication and Culture is comprised of four departments and one team:  Human Resources (“HR”), 
Marketing, Economic Research, Operations and the Communication Team. 
Economic Research Department monitors financial markets and economic trends of relevance to the Bank and 
its customers.  It follows developments in the domestic and global economy and on most major markets.  The 
department publishes research reports on all major domestic macro-developments as well as foreign exchange 
and fixed income markets. 
HR is responsible for all employee-related issues, such as salary and benefits, recruitment, training and job 
development. 
The Marketing Department is responsible for formulating and implementing the Bank’s marketing strategy and 
planning.  The Communication Team is responsible for internal and external communication. 
The Operations division comprises two departments:  Properties and Appropriated Assets.  The Properties 
department oversees the Bank’s internal operations and facilities, i.e. the operation and maintenance of all its 
properties, including sales or purchases.  The Properties department is also responsible for employees’ working 
facilities and cafeteria, purchase of equipment for the Bank’s operations, internal security and relations with 
external security facilities and custodial operations. 
Appropriated Assets is responsible for selling and renting out real estate assets which the Bank has acquired 
through foreclosure or as a part of debt restructuring.  In addition, the Appropriated Assets department sells 
vehicles, equipment and other items that the Bank has acquired through foreclosure. 
The Communication Team is responsible for internal and external communication. 
As a division, Communication and Culture takes the lead on shaping and promoting the Bank’s corporate culture 
and message.  The division’s main role is to maintain a positive relationship between the customers and the 
employees of the Bank, and also to take part in achieving the Bank’s business goals through a holistic and 
transparent approach to communication and disclosure.  It plays a key role in implementing the Bank’s strategy, 
which emphasises a new approach to customer relations, including through sharing information on 
sustainability, research and analysis, and employee training. 
Other divisions 
The CEO’s Office, Legal Services, Compliance, Strategy and Business Process Management (“SBPM”), all 
report directly to the CEO. 
The CEO’s Office works closely with the CEO to assist her with her duties.  Its primary responsibilities are 
arranging meetings for the Bank’s senior management and Board of Directors and following-up on the 
implementation of decisions.

--- Page 138 ---
130 
 
 
Legal Services handle legal aspects of the Bank’s operations.  It, inter alia, provides the Bank with legal advice, 
monitors and assesses the impact of regulatory development, manages litigation, represents the Bank in courts, 
prepares cases reviewed by the Complaints Committee on Transactions with Financial Undertakings, reviews 
and confirms standardised contractual forms relating to the Bank’s operations, and prepares correspondence 
with regulators, in particular the FSA, the Icelandic Competition Authority and the Data Protection Authority.  
The Bank’s Data Protection Officer has an independent role within Legal Services according to a letter of 
appointment issued by the CEO. 
Compliance is an independent management unit placed directly under the CEO in the Bank’s organisational 
chart, operating in accordance with the letter of appointment issued by the CEO and confirmed by the Board of 
Directors.  Compliance is part of the Bank’s second level control and is responsible for monitoring laws and 
measures against money laundering and financing of terrorist activities and laws on securities trading.  
Compliance also monitors the efficiency of the Bank’s compliance with laws, regulations and internal rules, and 
is responsible for measures to prevent conflicts of interest and actions necessary to ensure that the Bank operates 
in accordance with proper and sound business practices, with an aim of strengthening the credibility of and 
confidence in financial markets. 
SBPM’s primary role is to help the CEO set, maintain and reach strategic goals, both short and long-term.  This 
also includes running various projects on behalf of the CEO.  Secondly, this unit maintains a holistic overview 
of all core policies, procedures, and processes. 
Internal Audit 
The internal audit function is a part of the Bank’s organisational structure and constitutes one aspect of its 
internal oversight system.  The role of the internal audit function is to provide risk-based and objective 
assurance, advice and insight, which is intended to enhance and protect the organisational value of the Bank. 
The internal audit function evaluates the functionality of the Bank’s governance, risk management and internal 
controls, and thus supports the Bank in achieving its goals.  The internal audit function covers all the Bank’s 
business units, including its subsidiaries, and pension funds managed and operated by the Bank. 
The internal audit activity is accountable both administratively and functionally to the Board of Directors.  The 
Board of Directors employs the chief audit executive, who annually confirms to the board the organisational 
independence of the internal audit activity.  According to an external quality assessment, conducted in January 
2019, and a self-assessment based on The Internal Audit Ambition Model in the year 2023, the internal audit 
activity of the Bank generally conforms to the Core Principles, the Definition of Internal Auditing, the Code of 
Ethics and the Standards promulgated by the Institute of Internal Auditors. 
LOAN PORTFOLIO20 
The table below sets out details of the Group’s loans and advances to financial institutions, as at 31 March 2024, 
31 December 2023, and 31 December 2022, classified by type of loan.21 All amounts are in ISK million. 
31.3.2024 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Bank accounts with financial institutions .........................................  
13,667 
17,821 
21,759 
Money market loans .........................................................................  
61,651 
35,164 
5,836 
Other loans .......................................................................................  
1,092 
1,116 
1,026 
Allowance for impairment ................................................................  
- 
- 
 
Total ................................................................................................  
76,410 
54,101 
28,621 
The table below sets out details of the Bank’s loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, as at 31 March 
2024, 31 December 2023, and 31 December 2022.  All amounts are in ISK million. 
 
31.3.2024 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
 
20 
Further information on the loan portfolio can also be found in the 2023 Financial Statements, 2022 Financial 
Statements, and 2024 Q1 Interim Financial statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
21 
Further information can also be found in the 2023 Financial Statements, the 2022 Financial Statements, and  
2024 Q1 Interim Financial statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 139 ---
131 
 
 
 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Allowance 
for 
impairment 
Carrying 
amount 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Allowance 
for 
impairment 
Carrying 
amount 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Allowance 
for 
impairment 
Carrying 
amount 
Public entities .......................  
11,771 
(3) 
11,768 
11,453 
(4) 
11,449 
10,525 
(6) 
10,519 
Individuals ...........................  
829,302 
(4,401) 
824,901 
821,480 
(2,382) 
819,098 
791,342 
(1,327) 
790,015 
Mortgage lending .................  
741,699 
(3,399) 
738,300 
732,230 
(1,246) 
730,984 
705,819 
(563) 
705,256 
Other ....................................  
87,603 
(1,002) 
86,601 
89,250 
(1,136) 
88,114 
85,523 
(764) 
84,759 
Corporates ............................  
820,086 
(9,393) 
810,693 
793,731 
(8,988) 
784,743 
734,524 
(8,662) 
725,862 
Total ....................................  
1,661,159 
(13,797) 
1,647,362 
1,626,664 
(11,374) 
1,615,290 
1,536,391 
(9,995) 
1,526,396 
The following tables show the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure at 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022.  For on-balance sheet assets, the exposures are based on net carrying amounts as 
reported in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.  Off-balance sheet amounts are the maximum 
amounts the Group might have to pay for guarantees, undrawn loan commitments, and undrawn overdraft and 
credit card facilities.  All amounts are in ISK million. 
The Bank continues to use the ISAT 08 industrial classification of economic activities but has altered its own 
classification to include a special category for tourism, which was previously included under services.  The 
category services, other than tourism, is subsumed under IT and telecommunications. 
 
 
 
 
Corporates 
 
 
As at 31 March 2024 
Financ
ial 
institut
ions 
Public 
entities 
* 
Indivi
duals 
Fisheri
es 
Real 
estate 
compa
nies 
Constr
uction 
compa
nies 
Travel 
indust
ry 
Ser-
vices, 
ITC 
Retail 
Manufac
turing 
and 
energy 
Holdi
ng 
comp
anies 
Agricu
lture 
Other 
Maxim
um 
exposu
re 
Carryi
ng 
amount 
Cash and balances with Central Bank
 .....................................................  
- 
114,598 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
114,598 
114,598 
Bonds and debt instruments ...........  
132 
99,269 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,757 
- 
17 
13 
- 
- 
101,188 
119,496 
Equities and equity instruments .....  
222 
- 
- 
8 
21 
- 
3 
4,487 
9 
298 
7,025 
- 
- 
12,073 
22,543 
Derivative instruments ..................  
1,485 
- 
1 
20 
16 
5 
1 
2 
6 
35 
80 
- 
688 
2,339 
2,339 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions ....................................  
76,410 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
76,410 
76,410 
Loans and advances to customers ..  
- 
11,768 
824,967 
193,652 
181,685 
137,238 
111,911 
62,642 
69,960 
37,428 
28,894 
7,197 
1 
1,667,343 
1,667,343 
Other assets ...................................  
23,645 
20 
21 
3 
1,865 
39 
601 
2,173 
- 
7 
- 
- 
1,327 
29,701 
29,707 
Total on-balance sheet exposure .  
101,894 
225,655 
824,989 
193,683 
183,587 
137,282 
112,516 
71,061 
69,975 
37,785 
36,012 
7,197 
2,016 
2,003,652 
2,032,436 
Off-balance sheet exposure .........  
3 
10,030 
38,727 
20,467 
30,710 
85,879 
11,376 
19,816 
24,801 
19,707 
3,994 
579 
2,457 
268,546 
Financial 
guarantees 
and 
 underwriting commitments ...........  
- 
341 
647 
5,724 
1,829 
6,824 
2,204 
4,367 
4,575 
839 
416 
10 
- 
27,776 
Undrawn loan commitments ..........  
- 
- 
123 
11,873 
27,826 
75,688 
7,181 
5,789 
13,661 
14,769 
3,228 
5 
2,430 
162,573 
Undrawn 
overdraft/credit 
card 
facilities ........................................  
3 
9,689 
37,957 
2,870 
1,055 
3,367 
1,991 
9,660 
6,565 
4,099 
350 
564 
27 
78,197 
Maximum exposure to credit risk 
101,897 
235,685 
863,716 
214,150 
214,297 
223,161 
123,892 
90,877 
94,776 
57,492 
40,006 
7,776 
4,473 
2,272,198 
Percentage of maximum exposure to 
credit risk ......................................  
4.5% 
10.4% 
38.0% 
9.4% 
9.4% 
9.8% 
5.5% 
4.0% 
4.2% 
2.5% 
1.8% 
0.3% 
0.2% 
100% 
_____________ 
* Public entities consist of central government, state-owned enterprises, Central Bank and municipalities. 
Corporates 
As at 31 December 2023 
Financial 
institutions 
Public 
entities * Individuals Fisheries 
Real estate 
companies 
Constructio
n 
companies 
Travel 
industry 
Ser-vices, 
ITC 
Retail 
Manufactu
ring and 
energy 
Holding 
companies Agriculture 
Other 
Maximum 
exposure 
Carrying 
amount 
Cash and balances with Central Bank
 .....................................................  
- 
75,350 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
75,350 
75,350 
Bonds and debt instruments ...........  
128 
128,479 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,429 
- 
26 
15 
- 
- 
130,077 
148,182 
Equities and equity instruments .....  
82 
- 
- 
9 
22 
- 
3 
3,269 
9 
196 
7,488 
- 
- 
11,078 
19,012 
Derivative instruments ..................  
7,151 
- 
5 
84 
14 
- 
1 
6 
16 
- 
172 
- 
10 
7,459 
7,459 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions ....................................  
54,101 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
54,101 
54,101 
Loans and advances to customers ..  
- 
11,449 
819,151 
190,233 
176,428 
132,177 
107,693 
62,100 
64,178 
32,536 
27,739 
7,210 
- 
1,630,894 
1,630,894 
Other assets ...................................  
19,175 
28 
31 
3 
1,914 
- 
602 
2,438 
- 
7 
- 
- 
1,573 
25,771 
25,778 
Total on-balance sheet exposure .  
80,637 
215,306 
819,187 
190,329 
178,378 
132,177 
108,299 
69,242 
64,203 
32,765 
35,414 
7,210 
1,583 
1,934,730 
1,960,776 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Off-balance sheet exposure .........  
3 
10,158 
38,251 
21,281 
33,715 
87,246 
12,903 
20,673 
26,687 
34,908 
2,427 
638 
2,405 
291,295 
 
Financial 
guarantees 
and 
 underwriting commitments ...........  
- 
191 
594 
5,945 
2,006 
6,676 
2,210 
4,436 
4,696 
707 
416 
10 
- 
27,887 
 
Undrawn loan commitments ..........  
- 
- 
142 
12,459 
30,467 
76,920 
9,090 
6,861 
13,507 
30,009 
1,634 
18 
2,378 
183,485 
 
Undrawn 
overdraft/credit 
card 
facilities ........................................  
3 
9,967 
37,515 
2,877 
1,242 
3,650 
1,603 
9,376 
8,484 
4,192 
377 
610 
27 
79,923 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk 
80,640 
225,464 
857,438 
211,610 
212,093 
219,423 
121,202 
89,915 
90,890 
67,673 
37,841 
7,848 
3,988 
2,226,025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Percentage of maximum exposure to 
credit risk ......................................  
3.6% 
10.1% 
38.5% 
9.5% 
9.5% 
9.9% 
5.4% 
4.0% 
4.1% 
3.0% 
1.7% 
0.4% 
0.2% 
100.0% 
 
_____________ 
* Public entities consist of central government, state-owned enterprises, Central Bank and municipalities. 
Corporates 
As at 31 December 2022 
Financial 
institutions 
Public 
entities * Individuals Fisheries 
Real estate 
companies 
Constructio
n 
companies 
Travel 
industry 
Services, 
ITC 
Retail 
Manufactu
ring and 
energy 
Holding 
companies Agriculture 
Other 
Maximum 
exposure 
Carrying 
amount 
Cash and balances with Central Bank
 .....................................................  
- 
42,216 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
42,216 
42,216 
Bonds and debt instruments ...........  
190 
88,562 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,878 
- 
- 
15 
- 
- 
90,645 
125,265 
Equities and equity instruments .....  
109 
- 
- 
49 
37 
- 
6 
2,368 
6 
184 
9,017 
- 
- 
11,776 
19,106 
Derivative instruments ..................  
1,307 
- 
14 
174 
201 
2 
5 
6 
5 
75 
1,061 
- 
223 
3,073 
3,073 
Loans and advances to financial 
institutions ....................................  
28,621 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
28,621 
28,621 
Loans and advances to customers ..  
- 
10,519 
790,237 
192,036 
139,509 
102,394 
110,843 
60,334 
64,585 
38,971 
28,168 
6,764 
- 
1,544,360 
1,544,360 
Other assets ...................................  
19,111 
27 
3 
3 
1,961 
- 
2 
1,972 
- 
52 
- 
- 
1,242 
24,373 
24,383 
Total on-balance sheet exposure .  
49,338 
141,324 
790,254 
192,262 
141,708 
102,396 
110,856 
66,558 
64,596 
39,282 
38,261 
6,764 
1,465 
1,745,064 
1,787,024

--- Page 140 ---
132 
 
 
Off-balance sheet exposure .........  
1 
9,098 
37,389 
24,151 
17,744 
73,678 
8,458 
18,192 
24,996 
23,645 
1,388 
905 
26 
239,671 
 
Financial 
guarantees 
and 
 underwriting commitments ...........  
- 
- 
587 
7,376 
2,394 
5,176 
2,218 
3,095 
5,878 
782 
959 
152 
- 
28,617 
 
Undrawn loan commitments ..........  
- 
- 
625 
13,889 
14,113 
65,095 
4,741 
5,629 
11,934 
19,409 
69 
62 
- 
135,566 
 
Undrawn 
overdraft/credit 
card 
facilities ........................................  
1 
9,098 
36,177 
2,886 
1,237 
3,407 
1,499 
9,468 
7,184 
3,454 
360 
691 
26 
75,488 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Maximum exposure to credit risk 
49,339 
150,422 
827,643 
216,413 
159,452 
176,074 
119,314 
84,750 
89,592 
62,927 
39,649 
7,669 
1,491 
1,984,735 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Percentage of maximum exposure to 
credit risk ......................................  
2.5% 
7.6% 
41.7% 
10.9% 
8.0% 
8.9% 
6.0% 
4.3% 
4.5% 
3.2% 
2.0% 
0.4% 
0.1% 
100.0% 
 
_____________ 
* Public entities consist of central government, state-owned enterprises, Central Bank and municipalities. 
The tables below, for 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023, and 31 December 2022, show both the gross carrying 
amount of loans and advances and the related expected credit losses (ECLs) by industry sector and the three-
stage criteria under IFRS 9.  All amounts are in ISK million. 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
 
As at 31 March 2024 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
12month 
ECL 
Gross carry-
ing amount 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Gross carry-
ing amount 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Allowanc
e for 
impairm
ent 
Fair 
Value 
Carryin 
g amount 
Financial institutions ....................... 
76,410 
76,410 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
76,410 
Public entities .................................. 
11,771 
11,717 
(3) 
54 
- 
- 
- 
(3) 
- 
11,768 
Individuals ....................................... 
829,368 
784,362 
(229) 
40,701 
(3,325) 
4,239 
(847) 
(4,401) 
66 
824,967 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgages ......................................... 
741,699 
707,454 
(103) 
31,373 
(3,089) 
2,872 
(207) 
(3,399) 
- 
738,300 
Other ................................................. 
87,669 
76,908 
(126) 
9,328 
(236) 
1,367 
(640) 
(1,002) 
66 
86,667 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporates ....................................... 
840,001 
749,818 
(1,920) 
51,401 
(2,164) 
18,867 
(5,309) 
(9,393) 
19,915 
830,608 
Fisheries ............................................ 
196,579 
185,193 
(182) 
1,536 
(168) 
3,807 
(2,577) 
(2,927) 
6,043 
193,652 
Real estate companies ....................... 
182,666 
168,764 
(271) 
6,885 
(250) 
2,735 
(460) 
(981) 
4,282 
181,685 
Construction companies .................... 
138,585 
128,508 
(674) 
7,235 
(329) 
2,460 
(344) 
(1,347) 
382 
137,238 
Travel industry .................................. 
114,574 
95,560 
(319) 
10,581 
(653) 
8,433 
(1,691) 
(2,663) 
- 
111,911 
Services, IT and communications ...... 
63,188 
53,423 
(143) 
5,749 
(325) 
869 
(78) 
(546) 
3,147 
62,642 
Retail ................................................ 
70,337 
66,282 
(155) 
3,339 
(134) 
297 
(88) 
(377) 
419 
69,960 
Manufacturing and energy ................. 
37,790 
31,848 
(98) 
5,781 
(248) 
161 
(16) 
(362) 
- 
37,428 
Holding companies ............................ 
29,068 
13,039 
(67) 
10,291 
(57) 
96 
(50) 
(174) 
5,642 
28,894 
Agriculture ........................................ 
7,213 
7,200 
(11) 
4 
- 
9 
(5) 
(16) 
- 
7,197 
Other ................................................. 
1 
1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1 
Total ................................................. 
1,757,550 
1,622,307 
(2,152) 
92,156 
(5,489) 
23,106 
(6,156) 
(13,797) 
19,981 
1,743,753 
 
Loans and advances by stage allocation (continued) 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
12month 
ECL 
Gross carry-
ing amount 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Gross carry-
ing amount 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Allowanc
e for 
impairm
ent 
Fair 
Value 
Carryin 
g amount 
Financial institutions ....................... 
54,101 
54,101 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
54,101 
Public entities .................................. 
11,453 
11,372 
(4) 
77 
- 
4 
- 
(4) 
- 
11,449 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Individuals ....................................... 
821,533 
787,521 
(1,119) 
29,020 
(482) 
4,939 
(781) 
(2,382) 
53 
819,151 
Mortgages ......................................... 
732,230 
711,881 
(839) 
17,715 
(241) 
2,634 
(166) 
(1,246) 
- 
730,984 
Other ................................................. 
89,303 
75,640 
(280) 
11,305 
(241) 
2,305 
(615) 
(1,136) 
53 
88,167 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporates ....................................... 
809,282 
722,593 
(2,547) 
53,664 
(1,640) 
17,474 
(4,801) 
(8,988) 
15,551 
800,294 
Fisheries ............................................ 
193,004 
182,930 
(346) 
678 
(16) 
3,637 
(2,409) 
(2,771) 
5,759 
190,233 
Real estate companies ....................... 
177,358 
164,189 
(341) 
6,621 
(152) 
2,588 
(437) 
(930) 
3,960 
176,428 
Construction companies .................... 
133,349 
124,181 
(617) 
6,511 
(203) 
2,285 
(352) 
(1,172) 
372 
132,177 
Travel industry .................................. 
110,191 
93,418 
(352) 
10,116 
(793) 
6,657 
(1,353) 
(2,498) 
- 
107,693 
Services, IT and communications ...... 
62,825 
58,097 
(554) 
3,772 
(110) 
607 
(61) 
(725) 
349 
62,100 
Retail ................................................ 
64,508 
60,700 
(164) 
3,111 
(61) 
365 
(105) 
(330) 
332 
64,178 
Manufacturing and energy ................. 
32,918 
20,119 
(82) 
12,673 
(289) 
126 
(11) 
(382) 
- 
32,536 
Holding companies ............................ 
27,903 
11,752 
(82) 
10,171 
(16) 
1,201 
(66) 
(164) 
4,779 
27,739 
Agriculture ........................................ 
7,226 
7,207 
(9) 
11 
- 
8 
(7) 
(16) 
- 
7,210 
Other ................................................. 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0 
Total ................................................. 
1,696,369 
1,575,587 
(3,670) 
82,761 
(2,122) 
22,417 
(5,582) 
(11,374) 
15,604 
1,684,995 
 
Loans and advances by stage allocation (continued)

--- Page 141 ---
133 
 
 
 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
Gross 
carrying 
amount 
12month 
ECL 
Gross carry-
ing amount 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Gross carry-
ing amount 
Lifetime 
ECL 
Allowanc
e for 
impairm
ent 
Fair 
Value 
Carryin 
g amount 
Financial institutions ....................... 
28,621 
28,621 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
28,621 
Public entities .................................. 
10,525 
10,519 
(6) 
- 
- 
6 
- 
(6) 
- 
10,519 
Individuals ....................................... 
791,564 
759,931 
(265) 
28,977 
(426) 
2,434 
(636) 
(1,327) 
222 
790,237 
Mortgages ......................................... 
705,819 
682,140 
(152) 
22,236 
(280) 
1,443 
(131) 
(563) 
- 
705,256 
Other ................................................. 
85,745 
77,791 
(113) 
6,741 
(146) 
991 
(505) 
(764) 
222 
84,981 
Corporates ....................................... 
752,266 
679,680 
(3,268) 
36,829 
(1,132) 
18,015 
(4,262) 
(8,662) 
17,742 
743,604 
Fisheries ............................................ 
192,440 
184,670 
(386) 
2,408 
(17) 
4 
(1) 
(404) 
5,358 
192,036 
Real estate companies ....................... 
140,498 
128,946 
(569) 
5,917 
(111) 
1,843 
(309) 
(989) 
3,792 
139,509 
Construction companies .................... 
103,947 
94,541 
(1,111) 
6,251 
(86) 
2,819 
(356) 
(1,553) 
336 
102,394 
Travel industry .................................. 
114,293 
88,528 
(502) 
17,499 
(782) 
8,266 
(2,166) 
(3,450) 
- 
110,843 
Services, IT and communications ...... 
60,700 
56,376 
(257) 
2,363 
(84) 
179 
(25) 
(366) 
1,782 
60,334 
Retail ................................................ 
65,510 
62,800 
(219) 
1,460 
(27) 
919 
(679) 
(925) 
331 
64,585 
Manufacturing and energy ................. 
39,749 
35,485 
(88) 
370 
(7) 
3,894 
(683) 
(778) 
- 
38,971 
Holding companies ............................ 
28,345 
21,838 
(128) 
282 
(11) 
82 
(38) 
(177) 
6,143 
28,168 
Agriculture ........................................ 
6,784 
6,496 
(8) 
279 
(7) 
9 
(5) 
(20) 
- 
6,764 
Other ................................................. 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0 
Total ................................................. 
1,582,976 
1,478,751 
(3,539) 
65,806 
(1,558) 
20,455 
(4,898) 
(9,995) 
17,964 
1,572,981 
 
The tables below show the gross carrying amount of loans and advances to financial institutions and customers 
by past due status as at 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.  All amounts are in ISK 
million. 
 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 
 
Days past due 
As at 31 March 2024 
Not past due 
1-5 
6-30 
31-60 
61-90 
over 90 
Allowance for 
impairment 
Carrying 
amount 
Financial institutions ............................  
76,370 
- 
40 
- 
- 
- 
- 
76,410 
Public entities .......................................  
11,771 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3) 
11,768 
Individuals ............................................  
817,985 
2,780 
813 
5,132 
110 
2,548 
(4,401) 
824,967 
Mortgages ..............................................  
735,036 
- 
461 
4,555 
36 
1,611 
(3,399) 
738,300 
Other ......................................................  
82,949 
2,780 
352 
577 
74 
937 
(1,002) 
86,667 
Corporates ............................................  
817,931 
5,392 
4,229 
2,419 
1,246 
8,784 
(9,393) 
830,608 
Fisheries .................................................  
191,355 
2,517 
189 
331 
3 
2,184 
(2,927) 
193,652 
Real estate companies ............................  
179,300 
426 
1,267 
649 
62 
962 
(981) 
181,685 
Construction companies .........................  
136,309 
979 
523 
105 
242 
427 
(1,347) 
137,238 
Travel industry .......................................  
106,108 
298 
1,785 
816 
906 
4,661 
(2,663) 
111,911 
Services, IT and communications ...........  
61,964 
284 
198 
389 
6 
347 
(546) 
62,642 
Retail .....................................................  
69,288 
649 
149 
120 
14 
117 
(377) 
69,960 
Manufacturing and energy ......................  
37,595 
59 
113 
7 
13 
3 
(362) 
37,428 
Holding companies .................................  
28,841 
151 
- 
2 
- 
74 
(174) 
28,894 
Agriculture .............................................  
7,170 
29 
5 
- 
- 
9 
(16) 
7,197 
Other ......................................................  
1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1 
Total ......................................................  
1,724,057 
8,172 
5,082 
7,551 
1,356 
11,332 
(13,797) 
1,743,753 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 
 
 
 
Days past due 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
Not past due 
1-5 
6-30 
31-60 
61-90 
over 90 
Allowance for 
impairment 
Carrying 
amount 
Financial institutions .............................  
54,101 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
54,101 
Public entities ........................................  
11,417 
35 
1 
- 
- 
- 
(4) 
11,449 
Individuals .............................................  
809,837 
2,869 
1,422 
4,302 
1,021 
2,082 
(2,382) 
819,151 
Mortgages ...............................................  
725,346 
- 
1,048 
3,699 
791 
1,346 
(1,246) 
730,984 
Other .......................................................  
84,491 
2,869 
374 
603 
230 
736 
(1,136) 
88,167 
Corporates .............................................  
790,377 
2,499 
6,383 
3,584 
2,917 
3,522 
(8,988) 
800,294 
Fisheries ..................................................  
190,697 
140 
64 
104 
1,962 
37 
(2,771) 
190,233 
Real estate companies .............................  
174,107 
205 
1,667 
448 
296 
635 
(930) 
176,428 
Construction companies ..........................  
131,710 
1,068 
43 
144 
13 
371 
(1,172) 
132,177 
Travel industry ........................................  
102,003 
246 
2,776 
2,527 
556 
2,083 
(2,498) 
107,693 
Services, IT and communications ............  
60,020 
669 
1,657 
268 
70 
141 
(725) 
62,100 
Retail ......................................................  
64,096 
91 
103 
27 
13 
178 
(330) 
64,178 
Manufacturing and energy .......................  
32,764 
42 
62 
39 
7 
4 
(382) 
32,536 
Holding companies ..................................  
27,784 
17 
2 
27 
- 
73 
(164) 
27,739 
Agriculture ..............................................  
7,196 
21 
9 
- 
- 
- 
(16) 
7,210 
Other .......................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0 
Total .......................................................  
1,665,732 
5,403 
7,806 
7,886 
3,938 
5,604 
(11,374) 
1,684,995

--- Page 142 ---
134 
 
 
 
 
Gross carrying amount 
 
 
 
 
Days past due 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
Not past due 
1-5 
6-30 
31-60 
61-90 
over 90 
Allowance for 
impairment 
Carrying 
amount 
Financial institutions .............................  
28,621 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
28,621 
Public entities ........................................  
10,519 
- 
6 
- 
- 
- 
(6) 
10,519 
Individuals .............................................  
783,338 
2,645 
1,179 
2,548 
657 
1,197 
(1,327) 
790,237 
Mortgages ...............................................  
701,735 
- 
779 
2,107 
485 
713 
(563) 
705,256 
Other .......................................................  
81,603 
2,645 
400 
441 
172 
484 
(764) 
84,981 
Corporates .............................................  
739,206 
1,965 
4,616 
1,076 
1,595 
3,808 
(8,662) 
743,604 
Fisheries ..................................................  
192,360 
74 
- 
1 
1 
4 
(404) 
192,036 
Real estate companies .............................  
138,604 
83 
856 
297 
285 
373 
(989) 
139,509 
Construction companies ..........................  
102,496 
218 
966 
108 
1 
158 
(1,553) 
102,394 
Travel industry ........................................  
107,656 
157 
2,325 
518 
1,209 
2,428 
(3,450) 
110,843 
Services, IT and communications ............  
59,412 
634 
351 
125 
39 
139 
(366) 
60,334 
Retail ......................................................  
64,139 
607 
72 
19 
59 
614 
(925) 
64,585 
Manufacturing and energy .......................  
39,583 
150 
7 
2 
- 
7 
(778) 
38,971 
Holding companies ..................................  
28,216 
9 
38 
6 
- 
76 
(177) 
28,168 
Agriculture ..............................................  
6,740 
33 
1 
- 
1 
9 
(20) 
6,764 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0 
Total .......................................................  
1,561,684 
4,610 
5,801 
3,624 
2,252 
5,005 
(9,995) 
1,572,981 
Exposures to a client or a group of connected clients are classified as large exposures if their total exposures 
exceed 10 per cent. of the Group’s Tier 1 capital.  Large exposures are measured before (gross) and after (net) 
application of exemptions and credit risk mitigation.  The legal maximum for a large exposure is 25 per cent. of 
Tier 1 capital, net of eligible credit risk mitigation. 
The tables below show large exposures as at 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.  As at 
31 March 2024, the Group has two large exposures compared to three large exposures as at 31 December 2023 
and compared to four large exposures at year-end 2022.  The largest exposure before credit risk mitigation is 
the Icelandic sovereign.  The total ratio large exposure, net of credit risk mitigation was 9.3 per cent. as at 31 
March 2024 compared to 9.4 per cent. at 31 December 2023.  All amounts are in ISK million. 
As at 31 March 2024 
Gross 
Ratio of Tier 1 
capital 
Net 
Ratio of Tier 1 
capital 
Group 1 .......................................................................  
58,618 
20.2% 
215 
0.1% 
Group 2 .......................................................................  
33,240 
11.5% 
26,803 
9.2% 
Total ...........................................................................  
91,858 
31.7% 
27,018 
9.3% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023 
Gross 
Ratio of Tier 1 
capital 
Net 
Ratio of Tier 1 
capital 
Group 1 .......................................................................  
54,663 
19.3% 
216 
0.1% 
Group 2 .......................................................................  
50,650 
17.9% 
- 
0.0% 
Group 3 .......................................................................  
32,785 
11.6% 
26,298 
9.3% 
Total ...........................................................................  
138,098 
48.8% 
26,514 
9.4% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 2022 
Gross 
Ratio of Tier 
1capital 
Net 
Ratio of Tier 1 
capital 
Group 1 .......................................................................  
62,542 
23.0% 
209 
0.1% 
Group 2 .......................................................................  
34,853 
12.8% 
29,037 
10.7% 
Group 3 .......................................................................  
31,385 
11.6% 
31,188 
11.5% 
Group 4 .......................................................................  
27,173 
10.0% 
27,173 
10.0% 
Total ...........................................................................  
155,953 
57.4% 
87,607 
32.3% 
 
Further information on the aforementioned tables is disclosed in the notes in the 2023 and 2022 Financial 
Statements, and in the 2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus. 
FUNDING 
The Bank’s funding rests on three main pillars:  Deposits from customers, market funding and equity.  The 
Bank’s credit rating by S&P Global Ratings is BBB+/A-2 with a stable outlook.

--- Page 143 ---
135 
 
 
Deposits from customers 
The largest part of the Bank’s funding is in the form of deposits from customers which amounted to ISK 1,049 
billion at year-end 2023, mostly non-indexed and on demand.  Deposits from customers grew by ISK 81 billion 
during the year 2023.  Inflation-linked deposits amounted to ISK 180 billion at year-end 2023, increasing by 
ISK 19 billion from the previous year. 
Market funding 
EMTN issuance 
Unsecured bond issuance in foreign currencies is the most important pillar in the Bank’s market funding.  
Inaugural issuance under the programme was in 2015, with continued issuance on a regular basis to date.  In 
2021, the Bank published a Sustainable Finance Framework with a second-party opinion from Sustainalytics.  
This framework was updated in January 2024.   
The Bank secured funding from the Nordic Investment Bank (NIB) in January 2023 in relation to construction 
of its new headquarters.  The loan amount is USD 40 million with a 15-year term. 
In August 2023, the Bank issued 2-year bonds in the amount of NOK 1,000 million and SEK 450 million. 
The Bank issued green 3.5-year bonds for EUR 300 million in September 2023.  The bond was the Bank’s third 
green bond issuance in euros.  In conjunction with the issuance, the Bank offered to tender outstanding bonds 
maturing in May 2024, resulting in a buyback of EUR 132 million. 
A second loan agreement with NIB was finalised in December 2023, amounting to USD 75 million for seven 
years. 
At year-end 2023, unsecured bond issuance in foreign currency amounted to ISK 241 billion, decreasing by 
ISK 13 billion during the year. 
In March 2024, the bank issued its fourth green bond, a EUR 300 million long 4-year bonds.  Concurrent to the 
bond issuance, the Bank offered a tender offer of bonds maturing in May 2024 and May 2025, resulting in a 
buyback of EUR 84m in the 2024 bonds and EUR 100m of the 2025 bonds. 
Covered bonds 
Initial issuance of covered bonds was in 2013.  The size of the programme for covered bond issuance is EUR 
2,500 million and was increased from ISK 250 billion in 2022.  The programme was updated in 2022 to allow 
for covered bond issuance in foreign currency under the programme in addition to its listing on the Irish stock 
exchange, trading as Euronext Dublin. 
In March 2023, the Bank issued European Covered Bonds (Premium) in euros, the first from an Icelandic bank, 
in the amount of EUR 300 million for 5 years.  The bond issuance further diversified the Bank’s funding sources. 
Regular auctions of covered bonds were held in 2023 where previously issued series were tapped in addition to 
issuance of a new non-indexed series, LBANK CB 29.  The non-indexed series LBANK CB 23 matured in 
2023.  Agreements with market makers in the secondary market for the Bank’s covered bonds were renewed in 
the year 2023. 
At year-end 2023, outstanding covered bonds amounted to ISK 268 billion, increasing by ISK 45 billion during 
the year. 
Regular covered bond issuance has continued in 2024 with a tap issuance of previously issued series and an 
issuance of a new inflation-linked series, LBANK CBI 30. 
Commercial paper 
No commercial paper auctions were held in 2023 under the ISK 50 billion debt issuance programme.  No series 
matured in 2023 and there was no outstanding issuance of commercial paper at year-end 2023. 
Subordinated bond issuance

--- Page 144 ---
136 
 
 
In March 2023, the Bank issued subordinated bonds in the amount of ISK 12 billion for 10 years, callable in 5 
years.  The issuance counts as Tier 2 capital. 
A call option on outstanding EUR 100 million subordinated bonds was exercised in September 2023. 
Subordinated bond issuance under the Bank’s debt issuance programme amounted to ISK 20 billion at year-end, 
decreasing by ISK 2 billion from the previous year. 
In March 2024, the Bank issued two series of subordinated bonds, an inflation-linked series for ISK 12 billion 
and a non-indexed series for ISK 3 billion.  Both series have an 11NC6 structure and are callable after six years 
and on each subsequent interest payment date. 
Equity 
The Bank’s equity amounted to ISK 304 billion at year-end 2023, increasing by ISK 25 billion during the year. 
The Bank paid ISK 8,504 million in dividends to shareholders in 2023, and the Bank’s total capital ratio was 
23.6 per cent. at year-end 2023. 
Credit rating 
On 4 April 2024, the international rating agency S&P Global Ratings upgraded the Bank’s credit rating by one 
notch to BBB+/A-2, with stable outlook.  The previous rating was from November 2023, when the outlook for 
the Bank’s credit rating was revised from stable to positive. 
In January 2021, covered bonds issued by Landsbankinn were rated by S&P Global Ratings. In November 2023, 
the credit rating of the covered bonds was raised to A+ with stable outlook. 
Further information on the funding of the Bank is disclosed in the notes in the 2023 Financial Statements and 
the 2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 145 ---
137 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK 
Risk is inherent in the Group’s activities.  It is managed through a process of on-going identification, 
measurement, management, and monitoring, subject to internal limits and controls.  Risk identification involves 
finding the origins and structures of possible risk factors in the Group’s operations and undertakings.  Risk 
measurement entails measuring identified risk for management and monitoring purposes.  Controls and limits 
promote compliance with rules and procedures, as well as adherence with the Group’s risk appetite. 
The objective of the Group’s risk policies and procedures is to ensure that the risks in its operations are detected, 
measured, monitored and effectively managed, and that exposure to risk is managed to ensure that it remains 
within limits.  Risk management policy is implemented through risk appetite, business strategy, and internal 
policies and limits that comply with the regulatory framework of the financial markets. 
The Board of Directors of the Bank has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s 
risk management framework, risk appetite and setting risk limits.  The CEO is responsible for the effective 
implementation of the framework and risk appetite through the corporate governance structure and committees.  
The CEO is a Chairman of the Executive Board, the Risk & Finance Committee, the Credit Committee and the 
Project Committee. 
The Executive Board serves as a forum for discussion about business opportunities and challenges, approves 
funding for larger projects, and serves as a decision-making platform on matters that do not fall within the remit 
of other committees.  The main role of the Executive Board is to ensure compliance of the Group’s operation 
with laws, regulations, business plans and policies of the Bank at any given time.  There are four sub-committees 
at the Executive Board level; Credit Committee, Risk & Finance Committee, Operational Risk Committee and 
Project Committee.  The Credit Committee’s main role is to ensure that the Group’s loan portfolio and credit 
risk remain in compliance with its credit risk policy and risk appetite.  The Credit Committee is responsible for 
significant credit decisions, credit limits for customers, credit quality and large exposures.  The Risk & Finance 
Committee primarily provides governance oversight of market and liquidity risk as well as formulating risk 
limits for these factors for the Board of Directors.  The committee also has oversight of counterparty risk, 
reviews various rules and policies regarding risk, reviews ICAAP methodology and scenarios, and reviews the 
Group’s market risk, liquidity risk and economic capital policies.  The Operational Risk Committee is a forum 
for discussion and decisions on operational risk issues and review of the effective implementation of the 
operational risk policy of the Bank.  The Project Committee selects, prioritises, oversees and supports the 
Group’s major projects and digital transformation projects as well as promoting their success. 
Risk appetite defines the type and extent of risk that management is willing to take to meet the Bank’s business 
objectives.  In pursuit of its goals, the Bank only takes on risks that it understands, and can measure, evaluate 
and manage.  The Bank’s risk appetite is reviewed and revised at least annually. 
The material risks which the Bank is exposed to and that arise from financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity 
risk, market risk and operational risk.  The Bank’s risk taxonomy identifies three cross taxonomy risk types that 
it considers material, concentration risk, sustainability risk and business and strategic risk. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is primarily managed through the credit process and the Bank’s credit risk models which include 
probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”) modelling.  The 
models are used for various purposes, such as in provisioning, calculating internal assessment of capital and 
management reporting. 
Credit risk identification 
Credit risk is defined as the risk of loss if customers fail to fulfil contractual obligations and the estimated value 
of pledged collateral does not cover existing claims. 
The Bank’s activities may give rise to risk at the time of settlement of transactions and trades.  Settlement risk 
is the risk of loss due to the failure of an entity to honour its obligations to deliver cash, securities or other assets 
as contractually agreed.  Settlement risk is deemed immaterial in the Bank’s operations.

--- Page 146 ---
138 
 
 
Credit risk is the greatest single risk faced by the Bank and arises principally from loans and advances to 
customers, but also from loans and advances to financial institutions, investments in bonds and debt instruments, 
investments in equity and equity instruments, commitments, guarantees and documentary credits, counterparty 
credit risk in derivatives contracts, and the aforementioned settlement risk along with other assets. 
Credit risk assessment 
Credit risk is measured in three main dimensions:  PD, LGD and EAD.  To measure PD, the Bank has developed 
an internal rating system, including internally developed rating models.  The objectives of the rating system are 
to provide a meaningful assessment of obligor characteristics; a meaningful differentiation of credit quality; and 
accurate and consistent quantitative estimates of default risk, i.e., PD.  Internal ratings and associated PD values 
are essential in the risk management and decision-making process, and in the credit approval and corporate 
governance functions. 
The rating system has an obligor rating scale which exclusively reflects quantification of the risk of obligor 
default, or credit quality.  The obligor rating scale has 10 rating grades for non-defaulted obligors from 1 to 10, 
with 10 indicating the highest credit quality, and the grade 0 for defaulted obligors.  The Bank’s default 
definition is aligned with EBA’s Guidelines on the application of the definition of default under Article 178 of 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (EBA/GL/2016/07). 
The internal rating system is used to assign ratings and calculate risk-weighted exposure amounts for the 
majority of the Bank’s customers for economic capital.  The PD assignment is supported by PD models, where 
information such as industry classification, financial accounts and payment behaviour is considered.  The PD 
models were recalibrated in 2023 to accurately reflect the default risk under EBA/GL/2016/07.  Additionally, 
external ratings from Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch, are used for foreign credit institutions, and ratings 
from Creditinfo for new retail customers. 
The rating assignment and approval is an integrated part of the credit approval process and assignment is updated 
at least annually, or when material information regarding the obligor or exposure becomes available.  The 
Bank’s estimation and validation process includes quality controls to assess the performance of models, 
procedures and systems, and is designed to ensure the accuracy of risk parameters through adjustments where 
necessary. 
Internal rating models are validated annually, both quantitatively and qualitatively.  The quantitative validation 
includes statistical tests of the models’ discriminatory power, i.e. the models’ ability to distinguish default risk, 
and absolute accuracy, i.e. the ability to predict default levels. 
The PD parameters are validated annually by a quantitative and qualitative assessment, and re-estimated when 
the validation deems it necessary. PD estimates are based on long-term observed default frequency in available 
internal data and adjusted through an add-on.  The adjustment for the length of internal data available is 
embedded in the margin of conservatism which also includes an add-on to compensate for statistical uncertainty 
in the estimation. 
LGD is measured using an internal LGD model for the internal assessment of capital and provisioning.  The 
LGD model takes into account more types of collateral and is more sensitive to the collateralisation level than 
calculations defined in the Basel framework, under the standardised method, and is calibrated to internal 
historical loss data. 
EAD is an estimate of the amount outstanding (drawn amounts plus likely future drawdowns of yet undrawn 
lines) in case the borrower defaults.  The Bank uses the standard approach for estimating risk-weighted exposure 
amount (“RWEA”) and internal assessment of capital but uses internal models for provisioning. 
Credit risk management 
The Bank’s credit risk management objective is to ensure compliance with the Bank’s credit policy, which 
entails that the only risks taken are the ones that the Bank understands, can evaluate, measure and manage. 
The Bank’s credit risk management is based on active monitoring by the Board of Directors, the CEO, the Risk 
& Finance Committee, the Credit Committee, the credit departments within the Risk Management Division and 
the business units.  The Bank manages credit risk according to its risk appetite statement, credit policy and

--- Page 147 ---
139 
 
 
industry policies approved by the Board of Directors, as well as detailed credit policies approved by the CEO.  
The risk appetite, credit policy and industry policies include limits on large exposures to individual borrowers 
or groups of borrowers, concentration of risk and exposure to certain industries.  The CEO ensures that the risk 
policy is reflected in the Bank’s internal framework of regulations and guidelines.  The Bank’s Managing 
Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Bank’s business units execute the risk policy appropriately and 
the CEO is responsible for the oversight of the entire process. 
Incremental credit authorisation levels are defined based on size of units, types of customers and the lending 
experience of credit officers.  Credit decisions exceeding authorisation levels of business units are subject to 
approval by Credit Management.  The Corporate Banking Credit Committee has authorisation levels exceeding 
that of individual business unit managers and meets regularly to make credit decisions.  Credit Management has 
veto powers over the decisions of the Corporate Banking Credit Committee and the Executive Credit 
Committee.  Credit decisions exceeding the authorisation levels of the Corporate Banking Credit Committee 
are subject to approval by the Bank’s Credit Committee.  Credit decisions exceeding the limits of the Credit 
Committee are subject to approval by the Board of Directors, which holds the highest credit authorisation within 
the Bank. 
Credit risk mitigation 
Mitigating risks in the credit portfolio is a key element of the Bank’s credit policy as well as an inherent part of 
the credit-decision process.  Securing loans with collateral is the main method of mitigating credit risk whereas 
for some loan products, collateral is required by legislation, as in the mortgage finance market, or is standard 
market practice. 
The most important types of collateral are real estate, vessels and financial assets (shares or bonds). 
The amount and type of collateral required depends on an assessment of the credit risk associated with the 
counterparty.  Valuation parameters and the acceptability of different types of collateral are defined in the 
Bank’s credit policy.  Credit extended by the Bank may be secured on residential or commercial properties, 
land, listed and unlisted securities, transport vessels, fishing vessels together with their non-transferable fishing 
quotas, etc.  The Bank also secures its loans by means of receivables, inventory and operating assets, such as 
machinery and equipment.  Residential mortgages involve the underlying residential property.  Less stringent 
requirements are set for securing short-term personal loans, such as overdrafts and credit card borrowings. 
The Bank regularly assesses the market value of received collateral.  The Bank estimates the value as the market 
value less a haircut.  A haircut in this context is a discount factor which represents a conservative estimate of 
the costs to sell in a forced sale.  Costs to sell include maintenance costs during the period the asset is held for 
sale, external fees, and loss in value.  For listed securities, haircuts are calculated with an internal model based 
on variables, such as price volatility and marketability. 
The Bank monitors the market value of mark-to-market collateral and may require additional collateral in 
accordance with the underlying loan agreements. 
In order to further limit the credit risk arising from financial instruments, the Bank enters into netting 
agreements, under which the Bank is able to set off all contracts covered by the netting agreement against the 
debt in cases of default.  The arrangements generally include all market transactions between the Bank and the 
customer. 
Generally, collateral is not held over loans and advances to financial institutions, nor is it usually held against 
bonds and debt instruments. 
The Bank includes all collateral to which a value is assigned in accordance with its internal procedures.  
Guarantees are included if they imply lower risk weights than the original exposure.  In addition, collateral is 
volatility-adjusted (by means of a haircut) in order to take price volatility and the expected costs of repossession 
and sale of the pledge into account. 
Counterparty credit risk 
Counterparty credit risk is the risk arising from the possibility that the counterparty may default on amounts 
owned on derivative financial instruments and securities financing.

--- Page 148 ---
140 
 
 
In order to mitigate this risk, the Bank chooses the counterparties for derivatives and margin trading based on 
stringent requirements.  The Bank also enters into standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
master netting agreements and similar general netting agreements with financial counterparties.  In the case of 
derivatives, amounts due to and from the Bank are offset when the Bank has a legally enforceable right to set 
off a recognised amount and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously. 
Collateral and margin requirements are in place for all derivative contracts and securities financing transactions 
the Bank enters into.  Collateral management and monitoring are performed daily and derivative contracts with 
clients are usually fully hedged. 
The Bank’s supervision system monitors both exposure and collateral value and calculates an intraday credit 
equivalent value for each derivative.  It also issues margin calls and manages netting agreements. 
In the case of derivatives, amounts due to and from the Bank are offset when the Bank has a legally enforceable 
right to set off a recognised amount and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the 
liability simultaneously. 
Credit risk control and monitoring 
The Bank has set limits for large exposures as well as policies for exposure ratio for different portfolios to 
control the credit risk in the Bank’s credit portfolio and ensure risk diversification.  The credit risk decision 
process is controlled with limits set in the Bank’s Credit rules approved by the Board of Directors.  The rules 
set the limit for each credit decision party within the Bank where the credit approval authority is based on the 
underlying credit risk measured by exposure size, credit rating and colour classification code. 
The credit risk monitoring process is based on regular reporting, monitoring systems and other manual 
monitoring.  There is increased monitoring for significant exposures and for customers with indications of 
financial difficulties.  One of the integral parts of the credit risk monitoring process is the Early Warning System. 
The Bank monitors exposures to identify signs of weakness in customer earnings and liquidity, or other issues 
that could increase the Bank’s credit risk, as soon as possible.  To monitor customers, the Bank uses an Early 
Warning System, which is supplemental to ratings and classifies credit exposures to four credit risk groups 
(green, yellow, orange and red).  The colour classification is as follows: 
• 
Green:  the customer is considered as performing without signs of financial difficulties; 
• 
Yellow:  the customer shows indication of deteriorating financial strength, which could lead to financial 
difficulties; 
• 
Orange:  the customer is or has been in financial difficulties or default; and 
• 
Red:  the customer is in default and in legal collection and/or restructuring. 
The Credit Risk Department within Risk Management and the Bank’s business units are responsible for the 
colour classification of customers. 
Impairment process 
The Bank uses the three-stage expected credit loss (“ECL”) model under IFRS 9.  Allowance is calculated as 
the 12-month ECL or the lifetime ECL.  Expected credit losses depend on whether the credit risk has increased 
significantly since initial recognition.  If the credit risk has not increased significantly, the loss allowance equals 
the ECL resulting from loss events that are possible within the next 12 months (Stage 1).  If the credit risk has 
increased significantly, the allowance measured equals the lifetime ECL (Stage 2 and 3).  When determining 
whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Bank 
will consider reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost and 
effort, including both quantitative and qualitative information. 
The ECL is calculated for all loans as a function of PD, EAD and LGD, and is discounted using the effective 
interest rate (“EIR”) and incorporates forward-looking information.  The forward-looking information reflects

--- Page 149 ---
141 
 
 
the expectations of the Valuation Team and the Bank’s Economic Research department and involves the creation 
of scenarios of relevant economic variables, including an assessment of the probability for each scenario. 
Staging and ECL estimation for individually significant loans is done manually on a quarterly basis.  When 
assessing individually significant loans manually, the Bank considers reasonable and supportable information 
that is relevant and available without undue cost and effort, including both quantitative and qualitative 
information and analysis based on the Bank’s historical experience, expert credit assessment and forward-
looking information.  Only Stage 3 loans are manually estimated for ECL. 
The Bank recognises loss allowances for ECL on the following financial instruments that are not measured at 
fair value through (i) profit or loss (“FVTPL”): 
• 
Cash and balances with Central Bank, 
• 
Bonds and debt instruments, 
• 
Loans and advances to financial institutions 
• 
Loans and advances to customers 
• 
Other assets 
• 
Off-balance sheet exposures: 
• 
Financial guarantees and underwriting commitments 
• 
Undrawn loan commitments and 
• 
Undrawn overdraft/credit card facilities. 
When measuring ECL, the Bank uses a forward-focused model in compliance with IFRS 9.  This requires 
considerable judgement over how changes in economic factors affect ECL.  ECL reflects the present value of 
cash shortfalls due to possible default events either over the following twelve months or over the expected 
lifetime of a financial instrument, depending on credit deterioration from origination. 
The Credit Risk Department is responsible for assessing impairment on loans and receivables and a Valuation 
Team, comprised of the CEO, the managing directors of Finance, Risk Management, Corporate Banking and 
Personal Banking, reviews and approves the assessment. 
In general, all impairment charges are loan-specific based on the aforementioned ECL models.  If needed, the 
Valuation Team can assess and issue additional general impairment charges. 
Total expected credit loss (“ECL”) was ISK 14.3 billion at the end of the first quarter of 2024 compared to ISK 
11.9 billion, at year-end 2023, and ISK 10.6 billion at year-end 2022.  The increase in ECL is primarily due to 
a collective allowance made by post-model adjustment for increased risk not adequately captured under general 
impairment assessment, due to ongoing seismic and volcanic activity in the Reykjanes peninsula and its effect 
on the Bank’s loan portfolio in the area.  Details on the development of ECL during the year can be found in 
note 60 in the Bank’s annual financial statement for 2023, which is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  Further information can also be found in note 16 in the 2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements, 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is identified as one of the Bank’s key risk factors.  Accordingly, great emphasis is put on liquidity 
risk management within the Bank, which is both reflected in the risk appetite of the Bank as well as in internal 
liquidity management policies and rules. 
A liquidity policy and rules for the Bank are in place and is formulated by the Risk & Finance Committee.  The 
objective of the liquidity management policy is to ensure that sufficient liquid assets and funding capacity are 
available to meet financial obligations and sustain withdrawals of confidence sensitive deposits in a timely 
manner and at a reasonable cost, even in times of stress.

--- Page 150 ---
142 
 
 
The policy aims to ensure that the Bank does that by maintaining an adequate level of unencumbered, high-
quality liquid assets that can be converted into cash, even in times of stress.  The Bank has also implemented 
stringent stress tests that have a realistic basis in the Bank’s operating environment to further measure the Bank’s 
ability to withstand different and adverse scenarios of stressed operating environments. 
The Bank’s liquidity risk is managed centrally by Treasury and is monitored by the Market Risk department.  
This allows management to monitor and manage liquidity risk throughout the Bank.  The Risk & Finance 
Committee monitors the Bank’s liquidity risk, while the Internal Audit assesses whether the liquidity 
management process is designed properly and operating effectively. 
The Bank monitors intraday liquidity risk, short-term 30-day liquidity risk, liquidity risk for one year horizon 
and risk arising from mismatches of longer-term assets and liabilities. 
The Bank’s liquidity management process includes: 
• 
projecting expected cash flows in a maturity profile rather than relying merely on contractual maturities 
and monitoring balance sheet liquidity; 
• 
monitoring and managing the maturity profile of liabilities and off-balance sheet commitments; 
• 
monitoring the concentration of liquidity risk in order to avoid undue reliance on large counterparties 
projecting cash flows arising from future business; and 
• 
maintaining liquidity and contingency plans which outline measures to take in the event of difficulties 
arising from liquidity crisis. 
The liquidity management rules are built on international standards on liquidity risk measurements developed 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision e.g. the liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) and net stable 
funding ratio (“NSFR”) and it also applies measurements that best suit the operating environment of the Bank. 
Various stress tests have been constructed to try to efficiently model how different scenarios affect the Bank’s 
liquidity position and liquidity risk.  The stress tests are based on the Bank’s balance sheet mixture as well as 
taking the Bank’s current operating environment into account.  The Bank’s own subjective views, historical 
trends and expert opinion are key factors in constructing the stress tests.  The Bank also performs other internal 
stress tests that may vary from time to time. 
The Bank complies with the liquidity Rules set by the Central Bank No. 1520/2022 that took effect on 1 January 
2023 and superseded the previous Rules, No. 266/2017.  The liquidity rules are based on the liquidity 
requirements set forth in the CRD IV/CRR framework, which was fully implemented in Iceland in 2017 
(Regulation No. 233/2017).  Furthermore, the Bank must maintain a LCR for euro at a minimum of 80 per cent, 
if euro-denominated liabilities constitute 10 per cent. or more of total liabilities and maintain a LCR for Icelandic 
krona at a minimum 50 per cent.  Net stable funding ratio (NSFR) requirements are in accordance with the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as it was amended with Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (CRR II).  
The Group is required at all times to maintain a minimum 100% NSFR in total in all currencies.  The Bank also 
complies with guidelines No. 2/2010 from the Icelandic FSA on best practice for managing liquidity in banking 
organisation.  The guidelines further promote sound management and supervision of liquidity within the Bank 
which is reflected in the Bank’s risk appetite and internal processes and policies.  The Bank submits regular 
reports on its liquidity position to the Central Bank and the Icelandic FSA. 
Further information can be found in notes 65-69 in the 2023 Financial Statements and notes 46 - 48 in the 2024 
Q1 Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices will adversely impact the fair value or future cash flows of 
financial instruments.  Market risk arises from open positions in currency, equities and interest rate products, 
all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements and changing volatility levels in market 
rates and prices, for instance in interest rates, inflation, foreign exchange rates and equity prices.  The majority 
of the Bank’s exposures that entail market risk consist of equities, equity derivatives bonds, fixed income 
products and open currency positions.

--- Page 151 ---
143 
 
 
The Board of Directors is responsible for determining the Bank’s overall risk appetite, including market risk.  
The CEO of the Bank appoints the Risk & Finance Committee, which is responsible for developing detailed 
market risk management policy and rules and setting market risk limits.  Treasury and the Market Making 
department within Markets are responsible for managing market-related positions under the supervision of the 
Market Risk unit within Risk Management.  The objective of market risk management is to identify, locate and 
monitor market risk exposures and analyse and report to appropriate parties.  Together, the risk appetite of the 
Bank and the market risk policy set the overall limits that govern market risk management within the Bank. 
Market risk monitoring and reporting is governed by the Risk & Finance Committee and implemented by the 
Market Risk department. 
The aim of the market risk management process is to quickly detect and correct deficiencies in compliance with 
policies, processes and procedures.  The Bank monitors early indicators that can provide warning of an increased 
risk of future losses.  Market risk indicators need to be concise, reported in a timely manner, give clear signals, 
highlight portfolio risk concentrations and reflect current risk positions.  The risk reports show the Bank’s total 
risk in addition to summarising risk concentration in different business units and asset classes, as well as across 
other attributes such as currencies, interest rates and counterparties.  Market risks arising from trading and non-
trading activities are measured, monitored and reported on a daily, weekly and monthly basis, and the detailed 
limits set by the Risk & Finance Committee are monitored by Market Risk. 
Interest rate risk 
Interest rate risk is managed principally by monitoring interest rate gaps.  Interest rate risk is managed centrally 
within the Bank by the Treasury of the Bank and is monitored by the Market Risk Department. 
Sensitivity analysis for trading portfolios 
The management of market risk in the trading book is supplemented by monitoring sensitivity of the trading 
portfolios to various scenarios in equity prices and interest rates. 
Sensitivity analysis for non-trading portfolios 
The management of interest rate risk is supplemented by monitoring the sensitivity of financial assets and 
liabilities to various interest rate scenarios.  The Bank employs a monthly stress test of the interest rate risk in 
the Bank’s banking book by measuring the impact on profit of shifting the interest rate curves for every currency, 
calculated according to regulation EBA/RTS/2022/10 and is the largest loss in Economic Value of Equity due 
to predefined shifts of the interest rate curve in each currency. 
CPI indexation risk (all portfolios) 
To mitigate the Bank’s imbalance in its CPI-indexed assets and liabilities, the Bank offers non-CPI-indexed 
loans and CPI-indexed deposits.  CPI indexation risk is managed centrally by the Treasury of the Bank and is 
monitored by the Market Risk Department. 
Management of the Bank’s CPI indexation risk is supplemented by monitoring the sensitivity of the Bank’s 
overall position in CPI-indexed financial assets and liabilities net on-balance sheet to various inflation/deflation 
scenarios. 
Currency risk (all portfolios) 
The Bank complies with the Rules No. 784/2018 on Foreign Exchange Balances, as set by the Central Bank.  
The rules stipulate that an institution’s foreign exchange balance (whether long or short) must always be within 
10 per cent. of the Bank’s capital base, in each currency and for all currencies combined.  Furthermore, the 
Bank’s total foreign exchange balance (whether long or short) shall not exceed ISK 25 billion.  The Bank 
submits daily and monthly reports to the Central Bank with information on its foreign exchange balance. 
Further information can be found in notes 70-80 in the 2023 Financial Statements and notes 49-55 in the 2024 
Q1 Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 152 ---
144 
 
 
Operational risk management 
Whereas the executive managing director of each division is responsible for that division’s operational risk, the 
daily management of operational risk is in the hands of general managers of each department.  The Bank 
establishes, maintains and co-ordinates its operational risk management framework at a group level.  This 
framework complies with the Basel Committee’s 2011 publication “Principles for the Sound Management of 
Operational Risk”.  The Bank ensures that operational risk management stays consistent throughout the Bank 
by upholding a system of prevention and control that entails detailed procedures, permanent supervision and 
insurance policies, together with active monitoring by the Internal Audit Department.  By managing operational 
risk in this manner, the Bank intends to ensure that all the Bank’s business units are kept aware of any 
operational risks, that a robust monitoring system remains in place and that controls are implemented efficiently 
and effectively. 
Capital Adequacy 
The purpose of the Bank’s capital management framework is to support the Bank’s strategy and ensure that it 
has sufficient capital to cover its risks.  The capital management framework of the Bank is comprised of four 
interdependent activities:  capital assessment, risk appetite/capital target, capital planning, and 
reporting/monitoring.  The Bank’s capital requirements are defined in Icelandic law and regulations, on the one 
hand, and by the CBI, on the other.  The requirements are based on the European legal framework for capital 
requirements (CRD IV and CRR) implementing the Basel III capital framework.  The regulatory minimum 
capital requirement under Pillar I of the Basel framework is 8 per cent. of RWEA for credit risk, market risk 
and operational risk.  In conformity with Pillar II-R requirements of the Basel framework, the Bank annually 
assesses its own capital needs through the internal capital adequacy assessment process (“ICAAP”).  The 
ICAAP results are subsequently reviewed by the Icelandic FSA in the Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (“SREP”).  The Bank’s minimum capital requirement, as determined by the Icelandic FSA, is the sum 
of Pillar I and Pillar II-R requirements. 
In addition to the minimum capital requirement, the Bank is required by law to maintain certain capital buffers 
determined by the CBI, which may, depending on the situation, be based on recommendations from the FSC22.  
The FSC has defined the Bank as a systematically important financial institution in Iceland. 
As at 31 March 2024, the Bank’s most recent capital requirements, as determined by the CBI, are as follows (as 
a percentage of RWEA): 
 
22 
The Icelandic Financial Stability Council

--- Page 153 ---
145 
 
 
 
CET1 
Tier 1 
Total 
Pillar I .........................................................................  
4.5% 
6.0% 
8.0% 
Pillar II R ....................................................................  
1.6% 
2.1% 
2.8% 
Minimum requirement under Pillar I and Pillar II-
R...............................................................................  
6.1% 
8.1% 
10.8% 
 
 
 
 
Systemic risk buffer ....................................................  
2.9% 
2.9% 
2.9% 
Capital 
buffer 
for 
systematically 
important 
institutions ................................................................  
2.0% 
2.0% 
2.0% 
Countercyclical capital buffer23 ..................................  
2.5% 
2.5% 
2.5% 
Capital conservation buffer ........................................  
2.5% 
2.5% 
2.5% 
Combined buffer requirement ................................  
9.9% 
9.9% 
9.9% 
 
 
 
 
Total Capital Requirement ......................................  
16.0% 
18.0% 
20.7% 
• 
The combined buffer requirement (“CBR”) shall be met in full with Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) 
capital 
• 
Tier 1 capital is the sum of CET1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital 
• 
Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital 
The Bank’s capital target as at 31 March 2024 is based on the current regulatory capital requirement of 16.0 per 
cent.  CET1 (compared to 15.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2023) and 20.7 per cent total capital ratio (compared 
to 20.2 per cent.as at 31 December 2023).  In addition, the Bank defines a management buffer for the purpose 
of targeting and managing its capital position comfortably above the overall regulatory capital requirement.  
Determination of the management buffer is based on various current and forward-looking factors such as the 
economic and funding outlook, competitive issues, risk profile and business plan.  The Bank also aims to be in 
the highest category for risk-adjusted capital ratio, as determined and measured by the relevant credit rating 
agencies. 
As at 31 March 2024, the Bank’s total capital ratio was 24.9 per cent., compared to 23.6 per cent. as at 31 
December 2023.  As at 31 March 2024, the Group’s total CET1 ratio was 22.2 per cent., compared to 22.0 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2023.  Further information can be found in note 48 in the 2023 Financial Statements 
and note 35 in the 2024 Q1 Interim Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
LITIGATION 
The Bank and its subsidiaries are from time-to-time party to litigation cases which arise in the ordinary course 
of business and the operational procedures of the Bank or the Group, as the case may be.  Some of these cases 
are material in the sense that management considers that they may have a significant impact on the amounts 
disclosed in the Group’s financial statements and are not comparable to other, previously closed, cases. 
In August 2021, a former owner of a payment card company brought a case against the Bank and certain other 
financial institutions claiming tort liability in the amount of around ISK 923 million, plus interest, due to an 
alleged breach of competition rules in the determination of payment card interchange fees.  This is the sixth 
case that has been brought before the courts for this purpose, but all previous cases have been dismissed.  On 
30 September 2022 the District Court of Reykjavík dismissed the case on grounds of insufficient substantiation.  
On 10 January 2023 the Appeal Court partly annulled the dismissal and ordered the District Court to hear the 
case in substance.  The timing of a final judgment is uncertain and is whether it will have a financial impact on 
 
23 
On 15 March 2023 the FSC increased the value of the countercyclical capital buffer from 2.0 per cent. to 2.5 per 
cent., taking effect 12 months thereafter. From 16 March 2024 the countercyclical capital buffer on domestic 
exposures is therefore 2.5 per cent.

--- Page 154 ---
146 
 
 
the Bank.  Should the plaintiff´s claims be acknowledged in a final court ruling, it is to be expected that a 
potential payment obligation will be divided between the defendants. 
In December 2021, two individuals commenced litigation against the Bank claiming that an interest rate 
provision in two credit agreements, issued in 2006, should be deemed illegal and void since the provision 
allegedly does not stipulate under which circumstances the interest rate changes, as provided for in the 
Consumer Credit Act No. 121/1994, applicable at the time.  The disputed interest rate provision was used in the 
Bank’s consumer credit agreements until around 2013.  The plaintiffs demand primarily that interest be 
recalculated in accordance with Article 4 of the Act on Interest and Indexation, and that the Bank repays the 
plaintiffs around ISK 3.5 million plus interest.  On 7 February 2023, the District Court accepted the plaintiffs’ 
claims of last resort of repayment based on the initial contractual interest rate and taking into account limitation 
periods for claims, in the amount of around ISK 230,000 plus interest.  The case has been appealed to the Appeal 
Court where the Bank submits that all claims by the plaintiffs should be rejected.  It is the Bank’s assessment 
that should the judgment of the District Court be confirmed in a final judgment the maximum potential loss 
resulting from such an outcome will be ISK 29 million as regards the Bank’s loan portfolio with the same interest 
rate provision.  In 2023, the Bank recognised a provision in the amount of ISK 159 million with respect to this 
loan portfolio, which corresponded to the Bank’s assessment in 2023.  Following the reassessment, the amount 
of the provision has been adjusted to ISK 29 million at the end of the first quarter of 2024.  
In December 2022, an individual commenced litigation against the Bank in a case which is similar to the above 
mentioned case.  On 23 February 2023, the Bank delivered its written statement claiming that all claims by the 
plaintiff should be rejected. 
In December 2021, two individuals commenced litigation against the Bank claiming that an interest rate 
provision in a mortgage credit agreement, issued in 2019, should be deemed illegal and void since the provision 
allegedly does not stipulate conditions and procedure for interest rate changes, as provided for in the Consumer 
Mortgage Act No. 118/2016.  The disputed interest rate provision in this case has been used in the Bank’s 
consumer and mortgage credit agreements from around 2013.  The plaintiffs demand that interests be 
recalculated in accordance with Article 4 of the Act on Interest and Indexation, and that the Bank repays the 
plaintiffs around ISK 83,000 plus interest.  In February 2022 the Bank submitted its written statement claiming 
that all claims by the plaintiffs should be rejected.  On 4 November 2022, the District Court of Reykjavík 
requested an advisory opinion from the EFTA-Court on whether the interest rate provision is contrary to the 
Mortgage Credit Directive 2014/17/EU and the Consumer Credit Directive 2008/48/EC.  On 23 May 2024, the 
EFTA Court delivered a judgment in the case, that had been joined with a comparable case against Íslandsbanki, 
where an advisory opinion was given on the interpretation of the Mortgage Credit Directive and Directive 
93/13/EEC on unfair terms in consumer contracts. The judgment in the joined cases E-13/22 and E-1/23 is 
published on the Court´s website, https://eftacourt.int. It is concluded, inter alia, in the advisory opinion that it 
is for the national court to determine whether a term in a variable-rate mortgage loan agreement meets the 
requirements of good faith, balance and transparency laid down by Directive 93/13/EEC, whether such terms 
must be declared unfair according to the Directive and the consequences if such terms are declared unfair. The 
procedure of the case before the District Court of Reykjavík will now recommence.  It is the Bank’s preliminary 
assessment of the potential impact of an adverse ruling on the Bank’s loan portfolio with the same interest rate 
provision that the Bank’s financial loss, taking different scenarios into account, could amount to around ISK 
15.7 billion.  This is an update of the assessment in light of the current interest rate environment.  In 2023, the 
assessment was in the amount of ISK 8 billion.  The preliminary assessment does not include an assessment of 
the impact on the Bank’s interest rate risk should an adverse final court ruling be that the initial contractual 
interest rates should be applied throughout the duration of the respective loans.  Such a ruling, which the Bank 
regards as unlikely, would significantly increase the Bank’s interest rate risk and could have a considerable 
negative financial impact on the Bank in times of increased market interest rates. 
In January 2017, the Bank commenced proceedings before the District Court of Reykjavík against BPS ehf., 
Eignarhaldsfélagið Borgun slf., Borgun hf., now Teya Iceland (the “Company”), and the then CEO of the 
Company.  The Bank maintains that when the Bank sold its 31.2 per cent. shareholding in the Company in 2014, 
the defendants were in possession of information about the shareholding of the Company in Visa Europe Ltd. 
that they failed to disclose to the Bank.  The Bank demands acknowledgement of the defendants’ liability for 
losses incurred by the Bank on these grounds.  By judgment of 27 April 2023, the District Court acquitted the 
defendants of the claims made by the Bank.  The Bank has appealed the case to the Appeal Court.

--- Page 155 ---
147 
 
 
COMPETITION 
The Group is exposed to substantial and growing competition for the types of banking and other products and 
services it provides.  Competition is affected by various factors, such as consumer demand, technological 
changes, new entrants, regulatory actions and the impact of consolidation.  Although the Bank is state-owned, 
the Bank operates in a competitive market and needs to be a valuable asset for its shareholder.  However, as a 
result of being state-owned, the Bank’s operations and management can occasionally become a subject to public 
scrutiny which can be a limiting factor in a competitive environment. 
The competitive landscape in Iceland is comprised of four commercial banks, five savings banks, and four credit 
undertakings.  The financial market also includes eight investment firms, eleven authorised alternative 
investment funds and six management companies of Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable 
Securities (“UCITS”)24.  There is also the HCA, responsible for implementation of government housing polices 
with a reduced role as a lender yet still acting as an intermediary for social housing funding, all of which the 
Bank competes with (see “Risk Factors - Increased competition and changes in ownership of the Bank´s main 
competitors may affect the Bank and its business”).  In addition, the Bank faces increasing competition from 
other market participants who are launching new channels for lending and deposits, as well as other banking 
products, particularly on the digital platform. 
The structure of the financial system has changed in recent years as the Icelandic banking sector has seen 
increasing competition from less regulated financial institutions, that is, the shadow banking system, where 
digital solutions and lower service fees may have a greater impact on the market.  This includes, but is not 
limited to, pension funds (other than the pension funds defined by the Central Bank), UCITS and other 
unregulated entities.  In addition, specialised fund vehicles may be able to offer better terms for loans and other 
unregulated entities may offer unsecured loans for the retail market in competition to overdraft facilities of 
regulated entities. 
The Bank is subject to considerable regulatory scrutiny that can put it at a disadvantage as a competitor, 
particularly with regard to fintech companies, which are not subject to the same regulatory burden (see “Risk 
Factors - Increased competition and changes in ownership of the Bank´s main competitors may affect the Bank 
and its business”).  On 1 May 2022, Iceland implemented the provisions of PSD2 in full, enabling both retail 
and corporate banking customers to use third-party providers to manage their finances.  This allows third parties 
to build financial services on top of banks’ data and infrastructure.  It is likely that this will heighten competition 
and the first player has already arrived on the domestic market. 
The Bank’s main competitors are the other large commercial banks in Iceland:  Íslandsbanki, Arion Bank, (along 
with the Bank classified as systematically important financial institutions), and Kvika Bank, which in 2021 
merged with TM, one of the largest insurance companies in Iceland, and Lykill fjármögnun hf., an asset leasing 
entity.  The Icelandic pension funds and the HCA are also the Bank’s competitors.  The pension funds have 
become more active competitors in recent years after they started increasing consumer mortgage lending 
activity.  The pension funds also provide competition for deposits, as mandatory pension contributions from 
workers and employers are legally required to be held in pension funds rather than as bank deposits.  These 
same pensions funds are buyers of the Bank’s covered bonds, representing a significant source of the Bank’s 
funding in Icelandic króna. 
Competition in deposits between the commercial banks is intensifying, paralleled by heightened rivalry in 
investment banking, wealth management and asset management, with numerous active players and mergers in 
the market.  New entrants and potential mergers could increase the Bank’s competition.  In the beginning of 
2023, a new savings bank, Indó, began its operations.  Indó is currently solely a deposit-taking institution but is 
also planning to offer consumer loans.  In February 2023, Íslandsbanki and Kvika Bank announced that they 
were entering merger talks that were subsequently abandoned in June.  In November 2023, Kvika Bank 
announced its intention to sell all outstanding shares in TM.  In March 2024, Kvika Bank and the Bank 
announced the two banks had agreed to enter exclusive negotiation, for the purchase by the Bank of all equity 
in TM.  An agreement for the purchase by the Bank of TM was signed on 30 May 2024.  In February 2023, VÍS 
and Fossar Investment Bank announced that they would begin negotiations for the purchase by VÍS of all shares 
 
24 
Source:  Central Bank of Iceland -Financial Supervision:  https://en.fme.is/supervision/supervised-entities/

--- Page 156 ---
148 
 
 
in Fossar Investment Bank.  This transaction was finalised in October 2023 and the combined company is 
planning for market penetration.  The name of the merged entity is Skagi. 
Merger activities among financial institutions could produce larger, better capitalised companies that are able 
to offer a wider array of products and services at more competitive prices.  Competition and mergers between 
smaller financial institutions may intensify even further in the coming years.  See further “Risk Factors - 
Increased competition and changes in ownership of the Bank’s main competitors may affect the Bank and its 
business”. 
International banks have in the past created competition in the Icelandic corporate market with loan offerings 
to larger companies.  While these non-domestic market participants have not acted aggressively in the Icelandic 
market in recent years, they still offer competitive margins on senior secured loans to the largest seafood 
companies.  The Bank could face increased competition from international banks, fintech companies and 
European payment services providers who wish to operate to some extent in Iceland.  Such non-domestic banks 
and companies could have a competitive advantage in the market as they are not subject to the same stringent 
regulatory obligations that apply to the Bank, as a systemically important financial institution in Iceland, and 
could therefore have lower funding costs.  These entities may have more resources available to them to provide 
wider-ranging services and at higher efficiency given the Bank’s relatively small size. 
The Bank will continue to offer a full range of specialised financial services to individuals, corporates and 
institutions.  Product development to meet consumer demands and face increased competition from domestic 
competitors, as well as international banks potentially seeking to establish operations in Iceland, will also 
continue. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Management and Directors of the Bank, their functions and 
their principal outside activities (if any) are as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Principal Outside Activities 
Senior Management 
 
 
Ms.  Lilja Björk Einarsdóttir 
CEO 
Board 
member 
of 
Icelandic 
Financial Services Association, 
Háskólasjóður 
Eimskipafélags 
Íslands and Viðskiptaráð (e. The 
Iceland Chamber of Commerce), 
Member 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Representatives 
of 
the 
Confederation 
of 
Icelandic 
Enterprise. 
Mr. Arinbjörn Ólafsson 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Information 
Technology 
(“IT”) 
Board member of NFCERT and, 
Aðgerðarannsóknafélag 
Íslands, 
Motus ehf. and Greiðslumiðlun 
Íslands ehf. 
Mr. Árni Þór Þorbjörnsson 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Corporate Banking 
Board member of Motus ehf. and 
Greiðslumiðlun Íslands ehf. 
Mr. Bergsteinn Ó. Einarsson 
Managing Director of Risk 
Management, CRO 
N/A 
Mr. Helgi Teitur Helgason 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Personal Banking 
N/A

--- Page 157 ---
149 
 
 
Name 
Function 
Principal Outside Activities 
Ms. Eyrún Anna Einarsdóttir 
Managing Director of Asset 
Management and Capital 
Markets 
Board member of IcelandSif. 
Mr. Hreiðar Bjarnason 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Finance (“CFO”) and deputy 
CEO 
N/A 
Ms. Sara Pálsdóttir 
Managing 
Director 
of 
Communication and Culture 
N/A 
Board of Directors25 
 
 
Mr. Jón Þorvarður Sigurgeirsson 
Chairman 
Project work on cultural related 
affairs for the Minister of Culture 
and Business Affairs. 
Board Member of Harpa, Concert 
and Conference Centre. 
Ms. Eva Halldórsdóttir 
Board Member 
Managing Director and partner in 
law firm LLG Lögmenn. 
Chairs the Complaints Committee 
of Seamen and Vessel Operators, 
member of the Appeals Committee 
of University Students and a part-
time lecturer at Bifröst University 
(Ice. Háskólinn á Bifröst). 
Director of the Board of the 
Icelandic Bar Association (Ice. 
Lögmannafélag Íslands). 
Mr. Kristján Þ. Davíðsson 
Board Member 
Owner 
and 
Director 
of 
Viðskiptathróun. 
Chairman of the Board of Brim and 
a director of the boards of the 
Marine Stewardship Council, SOS 
Barnathorpin, Snerpa, ISDER and 
First Water. 
Ms. Rebekka Jóelsdóttir 
Board Member 
CFO and Deputy CEO of Míla. 
Ms. Steinunn Þorsteinsdóttir 
Board Member 
Owner 
of 
Auðsýn 
and 
an 
independent consultant. 
 
25 
See further:  https://www.landsbankinn.is/uploads/documents/bankinn/hluthafafundir/2024/2024-04-16-
information-on-candidates-to-the-banks-board-of-directors.pdf

--- Page 158 ---
150 
 
 
Name 
Function 
Principal Outside Activities 
Mr. Þór Hauksson 
Board Member 
Managing Director of seafood 
processor Von 2013-2023. 
Mr. Örn Guðmundsson 
Board Member 
CEO 
of 
COWI 
(previously 
Mannvit) 
Ms. Stefanía Guðrún Halldórsdóttir 
Alternate 
CEO of game developer Avalanche 
Studios Group in Sweden. Leads 
the official technology programme 
for Icelandic, Almannarómur. 
Mr. Sigurður Jón Björnsson 
Alternate 
CFO at the Housing Financing 
Fund “HCA” from 2011-2017. 
 
The business address of each of the Senior Management and Directors above is Reykjastræti 6, 101 Reykjavík, 
Iceland. 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties of the Senior Management and Directors above 
and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 159 ---
151 
 
 
THE ICELANDIC ECONOMY 
Geography and Environment 
Iceland is one of the Nordic countries, located in the North Atlantic between Greenland and Scotland.  The main 
island, which lies south of the Arctic Circle, covers a land area of some 103,000 square kilometres and a 200-
nautical mile exclusive economic zone (“EEZ”) extending over 758,000 square kilometres in the surrounding 
waters.  This makes Iceland the second largest island in Europe and the third largest in the Atlantic Ocean.  The 
country is one of the world’s most sparsely populated countries.  The inhabited areas are on the coast, 
particularly in the southwest; the central highlands are totally uninhabited.  Reykjavík is the capital of Iceland 
and it is the most northern capital in the world.  It is situated in the south-western region and is inhabited by 
two-thirds of the country’s population, making it the largest city in Iceland. 
Iceland is rich in natural resources such as abundant hydroelectric and geothermal energy resources and also 
fishing grounds around the island.  The country is volcanically and geologically active and is the world’s largest 
electricity producer per capita, due to its geothermal and hydroelectric energy sources.  The interior consists 
mainly of a plateau characterised by sand and lava fields, mountains and glaciers, while many glacial rivers 
flow to the sea through the lowlands.  Iceland’s climate is subpolar oceanic, meaning it has cold winters and 
cool summers, although the winters are milder than most places of similar latitude thanks to the Gulf Stream, 
which ensures a more temperate climate to coastal areas all year round. 
History 
The recorded history of Iceland began in the ninth century when settlers of Norse and Celtic origin came to the 
island.  In the year 930, the settlers established their central parliament or thing.  It was given the name Althingi 
which simply means general assembly.  The parliament is a general legislative and judicial assembly which still 
convenes today and is believed to be the world’s oldest national assembly.  In 1262, Iceland entered into a union 
with the Norwegian monarchy.  Norway in turn was united with Sweden in 1319 and then with Denmark in 
1376.  When Norway came under the rule of Denmark, Iceland became a Danish dominion.  Iceland was granted 
limited home rule in 1874, which was extended in 1904.  With the Act of Union in 1918, Iceland became an 
autonomous state in monarchical union with Denmark.  Iceland proclaimed its independence from Denmark in 
1944 when it adopted a parliamentary republic regime.  The country has a parliamentary system of government.  
In the Icelandic Parliament the legislative and executive power is vested in a cabinet headed by a prime minister.  
Icelandic is the official language of Iceland, which is an Indo-European language, belonging to the sub-group 
of North Germanic.  It is closely related to Norwegian and Faroese.  The language is considered one of the 
cornerstones of the Icelandic culture. 
External Relations 
Today Iceland is a modern welfare state, in the spirit of its Scandinavian neighbours and cousins.  The country 
is an active participant in international cooperation with the Scandinavian and other Nordic countries.  These 
countries co-operate in a variety of fields such as economic affairs and international representation.  Iceland is 
a member of the Nordic Council and specialised institutions such as the Nordic Investment Bank. 
Iceland is also a member of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, the International 
Monetary Fund (“IMF”), the World Bank and the OECD.  It is also a party to a number of other multinational 
organisations, including the Nordic Council and the Council of Europe.  The country joined EFTA in 1970 and 
is a member of the EEA, which is a 31-nation free-trade zone, comprised of the 27 EU Member States and the 
4 EFTA countries.  Iceland is also a contracting party to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and ratified 
the agreement establishing the World Trade Organisation in December 1994.  Iceland is part of the EU’s internal 
market and the Schengen Area.

--- Page 160 ---
152 
 
 
TAXATION 
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice.  
They relate only to the position of persons who are the holders and absolute beneficial owners of the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme.  They may not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers.  Prospective 
holders of Notes to be issued under this Base Prospectus who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position 
or who may be subject to tax in any other jurisdiction should consult their professional advisers. 
Furthermore, investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which 
an investor holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any 
jurisdiction may have tax implications.  Prospective investors are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences, under the tax law of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a 
purchase of Notes, including but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and 
their disposal or redemption. 
The summary below is of a general nature based upon the law and practice of Iceland as in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  It should not be construed as providing specific advice as to Icelandic taxation and is 
subject to any change in law or practice in Iceland that may take effect after such date. 
Non-Icelandic Tax Residents 
As a general rule, Article 3 (8) of the ITA provides that any interest received from Iceland (outbound payments), 
such as the interest payable according to the Notes, by any person or entity residing outside of Iceland is taxable 
income in Iceland.  According to Article 70 (8) of the ITA, the current tax rate on taxable income under Article 
3 (8) of the ITA is (a) 12 per cent. for individuals (only applicable to interest income exceeding the annual 
amount of ISK 300,000); and (b) 12 per cent. for legal entities. 
From the general rule of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, there are certain exemptions listed in the provision, e.g. if an 
applicable double taxation treaty states otherwise.  Also, according to Article 3 (8) of the ITA, cf. Article 3 (3) 
of Regulation no. 630/2013, the Bank is not required by Icelandic law to deduct or withhold tax from interest 
payments on notes or bonds that are issued by a financial institution, in its own name, registered with a securities 
depository in 1) a member state of the OECD, 2) a member state of the EEA, 3) a member state of EFTA, or 4) 
the Faroe Islands, and do not constitute business subject to restrictions, cf. chapter III of Act No. 70/2021 on 
Foreign Exchange.  The Bank has obtained confirmation from the Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland 
(the “RSK”) that the Programme is within the scope of the exemption contained in Article 3 (8) of the ITA, 
although an exemption will need to be applied for in respect of each Tranche of Notes.  Accordingly, the Bank 
will, based on this confirmation, register any Notes issued under the Programme with the RSK and request that 
the RSK provide a certificate confirming that the relevant Notes are exempt from such taxation. 
In the absence of an applicable exemption, the Bank will be making the relevant withholding at source in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation No. 630/2013, on the taxation and withholding of interest to 
parties’ subject to limited tax liability (as based on Article 3 (8) of the ITA and Article 41 of the Act No.45/1987 
on Withholding of Public Levies at Source). 
There are no estate or inheritance taxes, succession duties, gift taxes or capital gains taxes imposed by Iceland 
or any authority of or in Iceland in respect of Notes if, at time of the death of the holder or the transfer of the 
Notes, such holder or transferor is not a resident of Iceland. 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are classified as interest under Icelandic tax law.  Accordingly, based on 
the wording of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, cf. Article 3 (3) of Regulation no. 630/2013, capital gains on the sale of 
the Notes should not be subject to Income tax in Iceland, provided a tax exemption is in place in accordance 
with the above. 
No Icelandic issue tax or stamp duty will be payable in connection with the issue of any Notes. 
Icelandic Tax Residents 
Owners of the Notes that are residents in Iceland for tax purposes are subject to income tax in Iceland on their 
interest income in accordance with Icelandic tax law.  The applicable tax rate depends on their tax status.

--- Page 161 ---
153 
 
 
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are subject to the same tax as interest income of Icelandic residents.Subject 
to certain exemptions (which apply, inter alia, to pension funds), the Bank is required to withhold a 22 per cent. 
tax on the interest paid to the holders of Notes who are Icelandic residents, cf. Act No. 94/1996 on Withholding 
of Tax on Financial Income.  Such withholding is considered a preliminary tax payment but does not necessarily 
constitute the final tax liability of the holder.  However, the Bank should generally not be held responsible for 
withholding tax on income related to bonds that have been registered as exempted with the Director of Revenue, 
unless the Bank has knowledge that the bonds have been acquired by an Icelandic tax resident, cf. inter alia 
explanatory notes accompanying Act No. 39/2013, amending the ITA.  This exemption of the withholding 
obligation does not affect the tax obligations of the relevant bondholder. 
FATCA 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.  The 
Bank believes that it is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including 
Iceland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States 
to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru 
payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless such Notes are (i) materially modified after such date or (ii) treated as equity for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes.  However, if additional Notes that are not distinguishable from outstanding Notes in the 
same Series are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all notes in such Series, including grandfathered Notes, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes.  In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “participating Member State”).  Estonia has since ceased 
to participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain.  It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which 
remains unclear.  Additional EU member states might decide to participate.

--- Page 162 ---
154 
 
 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT and its 
potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 163 ---
155 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 14 June 2024, agreed with the Bank a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In the 
Programme Agreement, the Bank has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the 
Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of any Notes, including in the event that certain 
conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the relevant Issue Date.  In this situation, 
the issuance of the relevant Notes may not be completed.  Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or 
Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final 
Terms will identify whether the Notes will be issued (i) in compliance with U.S. Treasury regulations §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA C”) rules or U.S. Treasury regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules 
in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (“TEFRA D”) or 
(ii) under circumstances pursuant to which the Notes will not constitute registration required obligations under 
the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”) such that TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base

--- Page 164 ---
156 
 
 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK Prospectus Regulation”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Bank; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Bank; and

--- Page 165 ---
157 
 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Italy 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the offering of any Notes issued under the Programme has not been 
registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on solicitation of investments pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”), Article 34, first paragraph, of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999 (“Regulation No. 11971”) and applicable Italian laws, each as amended from time to time. 
Furthermore, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of 
this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above 
must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Italian Banking Act”); 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or 
the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in accordance with any other applicable laws and regulations including those imposed by CONSOB or 
other Italian authority. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes.  
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application 
has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 166 ---
158 
 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any of the 
Notes (except for Notes which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Singapore 
Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification:  In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes

--- Page 167 ---
159 
 
 
are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12:  Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16:  Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Canada 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  Each 
Dealer has further represented and agreed that it has only offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will only 
offer, sell or otherwise transfer the Notes to such purchasers in Canada. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or 
delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Bank nor any of the other Dealers shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Bank and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 168 ---
160 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Bank dated 30 June 2014 and this update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank dated 6 March 2019.  
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months 
from the date of the Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market.  
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any 
other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection, electronically, from the website of the Bank at 
https://www.landsbankinn.is/en/the-bank/investor-relations/funding: 
(a) 
the articles of association and certificate of incorporation (with an English translation thereof) of the 
Bank; 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 2017, pages 36 
to 59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme; 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 27 March 2019, pages 
56 to 93 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme; 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 22 May 2020, pages 59 
to 97 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme, as supplemented by the 
Supplemental Prospectuses dated 4 September 2020, 6 November 2020, 10 February 2021 and 12 
February 2021; 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021, pages 66 
to 114 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme, as supplemented by the 
Supplemental Prospectus dated 6 October 2021; 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 23 May 2022, pages 68 
to 120 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme, as supplemented by the 
Supplemental Prospectuses dated 29 July 2022, 4 November 2022 and 17 February 2023; 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 8 June 2023, pages 74 
to 136 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme; and 
(j) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Nasdaq 
CSD SE, Iceland Branch (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common 
Code and ISIN and (to the extent applicable) Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code and the 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are to clear through an additional or

--- Page 169 ---
161 
 
 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The 
appropriate securities code for each Tranche of CSD Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In 
the case of CSD Notes, the relevant CSD is the entity in charge of keeping the records.  If the Notes are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of the Nasdaq CSD is Icelandic Securities Despository, Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavik.  The 
address of Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands is Fiskislóð 31, 101 Reykjavik. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and nominal amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Bank and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group since 31 
March 2024, and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank since 31 December 
2023.  
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in the section entitled “Description of the Bank – Litigation” starting on page 145 of this 
Base Prospectus, neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in 
such period had significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Bank or the Group. 
Auditors 
The National Audit Office, Skúlagata 57, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland, has been the Bank’s statutory auditor for the 
financial years 2015 – 2023.  The National Audit Office is authorised to outsource part of its assignments and 
outsourced the audit of the Bank to PricewaterhouseCoopers ehf., (“PwC”) registered office at Skógarhlíð 12, 
105 Reykjavík, Iceland.  Arna Guðrún Tryggvadóttir and Atli Þór Jóhannsson are appointed the auditors on 
behalf of PwC.  They are members of the Institute of State Authorized Public Accountants in Iceland. 
In accordance with Art. 90 of the Act on Financial Undertakings, an auditor of a financial undertaking shall be 
elected for a five-year term and the same auditor or audit firm shall not be re-elected until five years have passed 
from the term previously concluded.  Grant Thornton endurskoðun ehf., registered office at Suðurlandsbraut 20, 
108 Reykjavík Iceland (“Grant Thornton”), had audited the Bank for five years at the end of the financial year 
2019. 
Dealers Transacting with the Bank 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Bank and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates.  The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the 
Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes.  Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Bank routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the 
Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or

--- Page 170 ---
162 
 
 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Availability of Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus is available on Euronext Dublin’s website at https://live.euronext.com/ 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated 
Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Websites 
The website of the Bank is:  https://www.landsbankinn.is/ 
The information on this website and any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 171 ---
163 
 
 
BANK 
Landsbankinn hf. 
Reykjastræti 6 
101 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A.  London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Bank as to English law 
To the Dealers as to English law 
White & Case LLP 
5 Old Broad Street 
London EC2N 1DW 
United Kingdom 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2P 2SR 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to Icelandic law 
LOGOS 
Efstaleiti 5 
103 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
AUDITORS 
To the Bank 
PricewaterhouseCoopers ehf. 
Skógarhlíð 12 
 105 Reykjavík 
Iceland 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 172 ---
164 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
J.P.  Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland