--- Page 1 ---
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO AND DIRECTED ONLY AT PERSONS WHO ARE NOT CLASSIFIED AS 
A RETAIL CLIENT AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR EQUIVALENT 
APPLICABLE LOCAL REGULATORY CLASSIFICATION. 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
(a public law institution of the State of Baden-Württemberg in the Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
 
Euro 1,500,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Notes Programme (the "Programme") 
_______________ 
 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), in its capacity as competent authority in Luxembourg for the purpose of the 
Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus 
pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129, the "Luxembourg Law"). This Base 
Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions contemplated under the Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer or of 
the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Under this Programme, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg ("LBBW", the "Bank" or the "Issuer" and, LBBW together 
with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "LBBW Group" or the "Group") may issue Perpetual Resettable Additional Tier 
1 Write-down Non-cumulative notes in bearer form under German law (Inhaberschuldverschreibungen) ("Notes").  
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the regulated market (Bourse de Luxembourg) of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to listing on 
the regulated market of the Stuttgart Stock Exchange (each a "Regulated Market"). These regulated markets are 
regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"). Furthermore, application may be made for 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange or such other stock exchange 
and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) may agree and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as defined below). 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be at least EUR 200,000 or at least USD 200,000 (if the Notes are 
denominated in U.S. dollars) or at least SGD 250,000 (if the Notes are denominated in Singapore dollars) or at least 
AUD 200,000 (if the Notes are denominated in Australian dollars). 
The Notes have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") 
or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are being offered and sold outside 
the United States to or for the account or benefit of non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act ("Regulation S") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States except pursuant to 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" on pages 9 et seqq. 
of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published in 
electronic form together with all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of LBBW (www.lbbw.de).  
 
_______________ 
Arranger for the Programme 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
Co-Structuring Agents to the Issuer 
DEUTSCHE BANK  
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG

--- Page 2 ---
Dealers 
BARCLAYS
BOFA SECURITIES
CITIGROUP
COMMBANK
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB
DEUTSCHE BANK
HSBC
J.P. MORGAN
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING
UBS INVESTMENT BANK
 
25 October 2024

--- Page 3 ---
(i) 
The validity of this Base Prospectus will expire on 25 October 2025. Any obligation to 
supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Potential investors should be aware that any website referred to in this document does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF 
unless this information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
LBBW accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
best of the knowledge of LBBW, who has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
LBBW has confirmed to the dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" (together, the 
"Dealers") that this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects 
and not misleading; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference herein the omission of which would, in the context of the issue of 
the Notes, make any statement herein misleading in any material respect; and that all 
reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. LBBW has further confirmed to 
the Dealers that this Base Prospectus when read together with the relevant final terms (each, 
the "Final Terms") referred to herein contains all such information as investors and their 
professional advisers would reasonably require, and reasonably expect to find, for the purpose 
of making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses, and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the relevant Notes. 
LBBW has not authorised the making or provision of any representation or information 
regarding itself or the Notes other than as contained or incorporated by reference in, or is 
consistent with any such representation or any such information in, this Base Prospectus, the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) or any Final Terms or as approved or provided for such 
purpose by the Issuer or (in the case of the provision of any information regarding the Issuer 
or the Notes) as is already in the public domain. Any such representation or information must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them. 
Save for LBBW, no person has authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus. No 
representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers (acting in their capacity as such) 
or any of their respective affiliates, and neither the Dealers (acting in their capacity as such) 
nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein.  
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement 
hereto and with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and in relation to any 
Series and Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Each person contemplating making an investment in the Notes must make its own 
investigation, analysis and appraisal of the financial condition, creditworthiness and other 
affairs of the Issuer and its own determination of the suitability of any such investment, with 
particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors 
which may be relevant to it in connection with such investment. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the 
prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date hereof or, as the case 
may be, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
the balance sheet date of the most recent financial statements which are deemed to be 
incorporated into this document by reference or that any other information supplied in

--- Page 4 ---
(ii) 
connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers 
to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States 
and the Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, assigned, transferred, sold, pledged, encumbered or otherwise delivered 
within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons.  
Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies 
all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes issued under 
the Programme are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain financial measures presented in this Base Prospectus and in the documents 
incorporated by reference are not recognised financial measures under International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union ("IFRS") ("Alternative Performance 
Measures") and may therefore not be considered as an alternative to the financial measures 
defined in the accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. The Alternative Performance Measures are intended to supplement investors' 
understanding of the Issuer's financial information by providing measures which investors, 
financial analysts and management use to help evaluate the Issuer's financial leverage and 
operating performance. Special items which the Issuer does not believe to be indicative of 
ongoing business performance are excluded from these calculations so that investors can 
better evaluate and analyse historical and future business trends on a consistent basis. 
Definitions of these Alternative Performance Measures may not be comparable to similar 
definitions used by other companies and are not a substitute for similar measures according 
to IFRS. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared

--- Page 5 ---
(iii) 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETING AND SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are complex financial instruments and are 
not a suitable or appropriate investment for all investors. In some jurisdictions, regulatory 
authorities have adopted or published laws, regulations or guidance with respect to the offer 
or sale of securities such as the Notes to retail investors. In the EEA, these laws, regulations 
or guidance comprise MiFID II and the PRIIPs Regulation, and in the UK, the Product 
Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015 
as published by the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the "PI Instrument"), UK MiFIR, certain 
provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as they form part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA ("UK Delegated Regulation"), and the UK PRIIPs Regulation. Together, these 
laws, regulations or guidance are referred to as the "Regulations".  
The Regulations set out various obligations in relation to (i) the manufacture and distribution 
of financial instruments and the (ii) offering, sale and distribution of packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products and certain contingent write-down or convertible 
securities such as the Notes. 
The Dealers are required to comply with some or all of the Regulations. By purchasing, or 
making or accepting an offer to purchase any Notes (or a beneficial interest in the Notes) from 
the Issuer and/or the Dealers each prospective investor represents, warrants, agrees with and 
undertakes to the Issuer and each of the Dealers that: 
(1) 
(A) 
it is not a retail investor; and; 
 
(B) 
it is not a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; 
(2) 
whether or not it is subject to the Regulations: 
 
(A) 
it will not sell or offer the Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) to retail investors; 
or

--- Page 6 ---
(iv) 
 
(B) 
it will not communicate (including the distribution of this Base Prospectus) or 
approve an invitation or inducement to participate in, acquire or underwrite the 
Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) where that invitation or inducement is 
addressed to or disseminated in such a way that it is likely to be received by a 
retail investor;  
 
and in selling or offering the Notes or making or approving communications relating to 
the Notes it may not rely on the limited exemptions set out in the PI Instrument or the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS");  
(3) 
if it is a person in Hong Kong, it is a 'professional investor' as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules made under 
the SFO; and 
(4) 
it will at all times comply with all applicable laws, regulations and regulatory guidance 
(whether inside or outside the EEA or the UK) relating to the promotion, offering, 
distribution and/or sale of the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein), including 
(without limitation) MiFID II or UK Delegated Regulation and any other such laws, 
regulations and regulatory guidance relating to determining the appropriateness and/or 
suitability of an investment in the Notes (or any beneficial interests therein) by investors 
in any relevant jurisdiction. 
For the purposes of this provision: the expression "retail investor" means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of the UK Delegated Regulation. 
Each prospective investor further acknowledges that: 
(1) 
the identified target market for the Notes (for the purposes of the product governance 
obligations in MiFID II or UK Delegated Regulation) is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients;  
(2) 
no key information document (KID) under the PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation; and 
(3) 
no key information document (KID) under the UK PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Where acting as agent on behalf of a disclosed or undisclosed client when purchasing, or 
making or accepting an offer to purchase, any Notes (or any beneficial interest therein) from 
the Issuer and/or any of the Dealers, the foregoing representations, warranties, agreements 
and undertakings will be given by and be binding on both the agent and its underlying client(s). 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate and may outline further details in 
connection therewith. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment

--- Page 7 ---
(v) 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is 
a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
This Base Prospectus is distributed only to and directed only at persons who are not 
classified as a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or equivalent 
applicable local regulatory classification. 
Benchmarks register 
The rate of interest payable under the Notes will reset on each Reset Date (as specified in the 
Final Terms) and be calculated, if so determined, by reference to the swap rate for swap 
transactions as specified in the Final Terms or the relevant yield for United States Treasury 
Securities at constant maturity, as the case may be, as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Original Benchmark Rate"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited ("IBA"), who might be the relevant provider of a benchmark, does not 
appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks (the "Benchmarks Register") 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
("Benchmarks Regulation").  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that IBA is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence. In case Notes are issued which make reference to another benchmark or in 
case there was a change to any of the above mentioned benchmarks, the applicable Final 
Terms will specify the name of the specific benchmark and the relevant administrator. In such 
case, the applicable Final Terms will further specify if the relevant administrator is included in 
the ESMA Register or whether the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply. 
NO APPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL BY US AUTHORITIES 
THE 
NOTES 
HAVE 
NOT 
BEEN 
APPROVED 
OR 
DISAPPROVED 
BY 
THE 
U.S. SECURITIES 
AND 
EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION, 
ANY 
STATE 
SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY, AND NONE OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE PASSED UPON OR

--- Page 8 ---
(vi) 
ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE ACCURACY OR THE 
ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE 
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
NO OFFER OR INVITATION 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to subscribe for or purchase any Notes; and 
this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any information supplied in connection therewith or 
in connection with any Notes should not be considered as a recommendation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or such information should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
CURRENCY DEFINITIONS 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "dollars", "USD", "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" 
"United States dollars" or "$" are to the currency of the United States of America, references 
to "Euro" or "EUR" or "€" are to the single currency which was introduced at the start of the 
third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended (the "Treaty"), references to "SGD" or "S$" are to the 
currency of Singapore and references to "AUD" or "AU $" are to the currency of the 
Commonwealth of Australia ("Australia"). 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of any Series of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as stabilisation manager(s) (each a "Stabilisation Manager" and 
together, the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") in the applicable Final Terms (or persons 
acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)). 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking 
statement is a statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based 
on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or 
foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases 
such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "should", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", 
"predict", "project" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This 
applies, in particular, to statements in this Base Prospectus containing information on or 
relating to, among other things, future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the 
Issuer's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and 
regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Base Prospectus are based on current estimates and 
assumptions that the Issuer makes to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors which could 
cause actual results, including the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operations, to

--- Page 9 ---
(vii) 
differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed 
or described in these forward-looking statements. The business of the Issuer is also subject 
to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate 
or prediction in this Base Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly 
advised to read the following sections of this Base Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and 
"Landesbank Baden Württemberg". The sections "Risk Factors", and "Landesbank Baden 
Württemberg" include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the 
Issuer's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Base 
Prospectus may not occur. In addition, none of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers 
assumes any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
TOTAL LOSS 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THAT CERTAIN FACTORS MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF THE 
ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES AND/OR ARE MATERIAL 
FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES 
ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME. IF ONE OR MORE OF THE RISKS DESCRIBED IN 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MATERIALISIS, THIS MAY RESULT IN MATERIAL 
DECREASES IN THE PRICE OF THE NOTES OR, IN THE WORST-CASE SCENARIO, IN 
TOTAL LOSS OF INTEREST AND CAPITAL INVESTED BY THE INVESTOR, HENCE, 
INVESTORS IN THE NOTES MUST BE PREPARED TO LOSE ALL OF THE CAPITAL 
INVESTED.

--- Page 10 ---
(viii) 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................... 9 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................... 43 
ISSUE PROCEDURES ....................................................................................................... 48 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES..................................................................... 49 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................. 290 
INTEREST PAYMENTS AND DISTRIBUTABLE ITEMS OF THE ISSUER ....................... 299 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GERMAN BOND ACT ................................................................ 303 
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG ....................................................................... 306 
WARNING REGARDING TAXATION ............................................................................... 322 
GERMAN TAXATION ................................................................................................ 322 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................. 327 
GENERAL ................................................................................................................. 327 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ............................................................................... 327 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ............................................................................... 328 
ITALY ........................................................................................................................ 328 
JAPAN ...................................................................................................................... 329 
THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA .................................................................... 329 
HONG KONG ............................................................................................................ 329 
SINGAPORE ............................................................................................................. 330 
UNITED KINGDOM ................................................................................................... 330 
COMMONWEALTH OF AUSTRALIA ........................................................................ 330 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 332

--- Page 11 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus have the same meanings, unless otherwise noted. 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES INVOLVES CERTAIN RISKS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THAT THE FOLLOWING FACTORS MAY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF 
THE ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES AND/OR ARE 
MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS ASSOCIATED 
WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME. IF ONE OR MORE OF THE RISKS 
DESCRIBED BELOW OCCURS, THIS MAY RESULT IN MATERIAL DECREASES IN THE 
PRICE OF THE NOTES OR, IN THE WORST-CASE SCENARIO, IN TOTAL LOSS OF 
INTEREST AND CAPITAL INVESTED BY THE INVESTOR: 
1. 
Risks relating to LBBW  
The following descriptions of the risk factors relating to LBBW and the LBBW Group, as the 
case may be, and their occurrence within a risk category with the most material risk factor 
presented first in each category should be understood as a description of residual risks, i.e. of 
the remaining risks following all counter measures taken in order to avoid such risks or limit 
their adverse effects. 
Risks relating to LBBW are presented in the following three categories depending on their 
nature: 
1. Risks relating to the Business of the LBBW Group; 
2. Risks relating to Legal and Regulatory Environment; 
3. Other substantial risks. 
Any materialisation of the risks further specified below could have a material adverse effect 
on the LBBW Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn will 
have a negative impact on the Notes and is detrimental to Noteholders (including the risk of a 
total loss of interest and capital invested by the Noteholders). 
1.1 
Risks relating to the Business of the LBBW Group 
The following risk factor category describes the specific risks relating to the business activity 
of the LBBW Group. The most material risks (from the perspective of risk-bearing capacity - 
economic capital) of this category presented first:  
 
Counterparty Risks 
 
Market Price Risks 
 
Liquidity Risks 
 
Operational Risks, Legal Risks 
 
Development Risks 
 
Real Estate Risks 
 
Investment Risks 
1.1.1. Counterparty Risks 
The LBBW Group is exposed to counterparty risks. 
Counterparty risk is defined as the loss potential due to counterparties no longer being able to 
fully meet their contractual payment obligations. Counterparty risk may occur both from direct 
contractual relationships (e.g. granting loans, buying a security) and indirectly, e.g. from 
hedging obligations (especially issuing guarantees, selling hedging via credit derivatives).

--- Page 12 ---
10 
Negative developments in the economic environment of customers or counterparties, 
competitive influences as well as errors in corporate management can increase the probability 
of default of customers or counterparties and thus increase the counterparty risks of the LBBW 
Group. 
In the following, possible scenarios are described, that may, through an increase in 
counterparty risk, negatively affect the risk situation and, by that, the solvency of the LBBW 
Group: 
 
State, financial and economic crises can lead to losses within LBBW Group's national 
and international business. 
 
Industry sector crises increase the default risks of companies which are active in this 
sector as well as that of their suppliers. Larger losses can arise if crises occur in one 
or more industry sectors in which LBBW Group is heavily invested (such as the 
commercial real estate industry, the automotive industry or the construction sector). 
 
Deterioration of creditworthiness of particularly large borrowers due to customer 
specific factors, e.g. mistakes in corporate governance.  
 
Due to the economic dependence to the core market of Baden-Württemberg, the retail 
segment (private and small commercial customers) can also affect the solvency of the 
LBBW Group. 
LBBW expects that pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other 
serious public health concerns, such as the outbreak of SARS-CoV-2 first identified in 
December 2019 and its associated disease ("Covid-19"), together with any measures aimed 
at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as restrictions on travel or prolonged closures 
of workplaces might have a material adverse effect on the global economy as well as the 
German economy. The negative impact on global economic growth and market uncertainty 
could lead to an increasing of counterparty risk. 
Warlike conflicts such as the Russia-Ukraine crisis have an impact on many areas of the 
economy and therefore also on customers and counterparties of LBBW. This may lead to an 
increase in counterparty risk.  
Sustainability risks and ESG risks (environmental, social, governance) are associated with 
specific risk drivers that could have a negative impact on LBBW, in particular on the 
counterparty default/credit risk. 
Key aspects of risk identification and assessment include the methods developed in-house to 
measure CO2 emissions financed by the LBBW Group and physical risks for real estate and 
corporates. This enables LBBW to identify and monitor material risk drivers, simulate the future 
impact of climate change and policy and monitor future changes at sector level. 
LBBW’s long-term ESG objectives include achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement. 
Specific goals were set for 2030 for selected sectors with high greenhouse gas emissions 
(sector-specific transformation pathway), which clarify LBBW’s aspirations in discussions with 
customers and ensure that its long-term targets are met. In addition, LBBW uses checklists to 
assess ESG risks, among other things, in its lending process to manage and limit risks. 
A decline in the value of collateral in combination with an increased probability of default can 
lead to particularly severe losses at the LBBW Group, especially in the case of securities or 
real estate used as collateral. In particular a real estate crisis in Germany would have a major 
impact on the LBBW Group. 
1.1.2 Market Price Risks 
The LBBW Group is exposed to market price risks, including potential losses in the value of 
portfolios in the trading book and banking book including the pension fund and pension 
obligations. These losses can be caused by market factors such as changes in interest rates

--- Page 13 ---
11 
and credit spreads (credit rating dependent component, difference between risk-free reference 
interest rate and risk-based interest rate), foreign currencies, commodities, precious metals 
and share prices, energy commodities and EU Allowances or price-influencing parameters 
such as market volatilities (measure of the fluctuation of prices or parameters) and correlations 
(relationship or connection of variables to each other). 
As the LBBW Group holds positions in interest rates, credit, equities, foreign currencies, as 
well as a limited exposure to commodities, energy commodities, EU Allowances and precious 
metals any losses incurred in these portfolios can directly affect the groups asset, financial 
position, earnings and risk situation. 
Within the financial investment portfolio of the LBBW Group, fixed income securities hold 
considerable importance. Consequently, fluctuations in interest rates can exert a significant 
influence on the portfolio's value. A rise in interest rates has the potential to notably diminish 
the worth of fixed-income assets, while unforeseen interest rate shifts may adversely affect 
the value of bonds and interest rate derivatives held by the LBBW Group. Additionally, 
changes in interest rate levels across various maturities and currencies, alongside credit 
spreads, are noteworthy factors to consider. 
The crises triggered by the Russia-Ukraine crisis have an impact on many economic sectors. 
Therefore, there may continue to be increased (compared to the situation before the Russia-
Ukraine crisis) volatility and market fluctuations in the market factors listed above. The further 
development in the Ukraine conflict might result in a negative impact on global economic 
growth and could lead to increasing market price risks. 
The factors mentioned, alongside the general market conditions and prevailing market 
volatility, are external to the control of the LBBW Group. Consequently, there is no guarantee 
of achieving a positive outcome from capital market activities. Such uncertainties could 
potentially impact the profitability of the LBBW Group unfavourably. 
1.1.3 Liquidity Risk  
The LBBW Group is subject to several forms of liquidity risk: 
 
The risk to be unable to meet payment obligations from a current cash shortage 
(liquidity risks in a narrower sense). 
 
Funding risk, which refers to potential effects on earnings from the increase in the 
LBBW Group's funding cost for short-term funding of long-term assets. 
 
Market liquidity risk, which refers to the danger that capital market transactions can 
only be closed out at a loss due to insufficient market depth or market disruptions. 
Liquidity risk in the narrower sense can become perceptible if loan commitments are drawn 
down to an unexpectedly high extent, if there is a strong outflow of sight and savings deposits 
or if there is a high need for additional liquidity due to cash collaterals to be provided as 
collateral for derivative transactions. In addition, an acute shortage of cash because of 
incorrect planning in internal liquidity management cannot be omitted completely either. To 
avoid failing to meet payment obligations, it may then become necessary to sell large or less 
marketable positions in difficult market situations, which may only be possible on unfavourable 
terms. This can have a significant negative impact on the net assets, financial position, results 
of operations and risk position of the LBBW Group. The possibility of failing to meet payment 
obligations can also arise from negative influences from other risks mentioned. 
The LBBW Group's liquidity could be materially adversely affected by factors the LBBW Group 
cannot control. A continued general disruption of the financial markets or negative views about 
the financial services industry in general could restrict LBBW Group's access to the capital 
markets and limit its ability to obtain funding on acceptable terms. Furthermore, the LBBW 
Group's ability to raise funding could be impaired if lenders develop a negative perception of 
its short-term or long-term financial prospects, or if a rating downgrade leads to the perception

--- Page 14 ---
12 
that the LBBW Group is experiencing greater liquidity risk. This is especially true if, during 
those stress periods, liquidity outflows from sight and savings deposits, loan commitments or 
collateralization needs are rising. 
The risk of an increase in refinancing costs as a result of a deterioration in creditworthiness is 
discussed within the section for "Other substantial risks" in the subsection "Risk of a reduction 
in the LBBW Group's credit ratings". 
1.1.4 Operational Risks, Legal Risks 
The LBBW Group is exposed to various operational risks. Operational risks are inextricably 
linked to any business activity of the LBBW Group. 
Operational risks ("OpRisk") are the risk of losses arising due to the unsuitability or failure of 
internal processes and systems, people, or due to external events. This definition also includes 
legal risks. 
Information and communication technology (ICT) risks have moved into the centre of attention 
as an independent kind of risk due to the rising complexity of the banking industry, the growing 
speed of innovation as well as the strong increase of use of challenging technology in the 
banking business. The LBBW Group's extensive banking business is dependent on highly 
sophisticated information technology (the "IT-systems"). IT-systems are exposed to threats 
e.g. external cyber- and insider attacks, data theft and coding through Trojans. In addition, 
software or hardware problems can cause delays or mistakes in the ongoing business. 
The LBBW Group is exposed to forces of nature (e.g. floodings) and other extreme events 
e.g. pandemic or risks in connection with the geographical proximity of the construction of 
Stuttgart 21 (e.g. damage to supply lines, IT infrastructure and building damages). General 
trends which consist of attacks with criminal intent (e.g. terrorism, vandalism or social 
engineering) also apply to the LBBW Group. In particular ransomware poses a major potential 
threat, i.e. Trojans that encrypt data and then hackers demanding large sums of money as 
ransom for the decryption. Credit risks in connection with operational risks (e.g. falsification of 
a balance sheet) can also occur. 
The LBBW Group is exposed to legal risks (e.g. new legal rules, changes in jurisprudence or 
advisor’s liability). The banking landscape continues to face legal risks from the further 
development of consumer protection and legal risks related to tax law. 
Compliance risks describe risks of legal or regulatory sanctions, significant financial losses 
and reputational damage that may occur as a result of non-compliance with laws, standards 
and rules of conduct in the course of LBBW's business activities. This includes anti money 
laundering prevention and terrorist financing, financial sanctions & embargoes, fraud 
prevention (other criminal activities) and capital market compliance as well as data protection. 
Outsourcing risks comprise risks in connection with or arising from cooperation with service 
providers. They include risks from external services not provided or not provided in 
accordance with the contract. These include risks in connection with the underlying business 
processes, risks due to loss of expertise, legal risks, compliance risks, risks in connection with 
confidential data, e.g., personal data, concentration risks, and risks due to termination of the 
outsourcing arrangement. 
The changing environment in the banking industry requires increasing demands on the 
employees and their qualification. Human mistakes in working processes and risks of internal 
fraud can never be eliminated completely even at LBBW Group. 
Any materialisation of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the LBBW Group's 
business, net assets, financial position, results of operations and risk position. 
1.1.5 Development Risks 
The LBBW Group is exposed to development risks. Development risks are defined as the 
bundle of risks that typically arise when implementing residential and commercial project

--- Page 15 ---
13 
developments. The risks in this field mainly arise from planning and approval, the projected 
construction costs and deadline, and especially from letting and selling. Additional risks, such 
as the credit risk on the part of partners, the implementation of decisions regarding the 
partners, information flow or the quality of the partner also apply if project developments are 
implemented in partner projects. The occurrence of these risks may also result in the forecast 
return not being generated, the invested capital not being returned in full – or not at all in 
extreme cases – or the need for further equity injections, given it is not a non-recourse 
financing.  
The regional focus is on the core markets of Southern Germany (Baden-Württemberg and 
Bavaria (Bayern)), Rhineland-Palatinate (Rheinland-Pfalz), the Rhine Main region (Rhein 
Main Region), the Rhine-Ruhr area (Rhein-Ruhr Region), Berlin and Hamburg. LBBW 
Immobilien Group acts as an investor and service provider in commercial and residential real 
estate on these markets. Accordingly, local economic turbulences in these target markets may 
cause increased losses from the development business. When development risks as 
mentioned before occur, these may have an impact on the net assets, financial position and 
results of operations of the LBBW Group which in turn could have a material effect on 
Noteholders' rights (including the risk of total loss of interest and capital invested by the 
Noteholders). 
1.1.6 Real Estate Risks 
The LBBW Group is exposed to real estate risks. Real estate risks are defined as potential 
negative changes in the value of own real estate holdings or seed capital for real estate funds 
managed by LBBW Immobilien due to deterioration of the general situation of the real estate 
markets or deterioration of the particular attributes of an individual property (possibilities of 
use, vacancies, reduced income, damage to buildings etc.). Development risks from the 
residential and commercial project development business (see the preceding section under 
the heading "Development Risks") and risks from the real estate services business need to be 
distinguished from these risks. The latter are considered within the Group as part of the 
business risk.  
The risk of a negative development in the value of commercial properties is influenced on the 
one hand by market risk factors such as the supply of and demand for properties at the 
respective location, which are reflected in the development of average and top rents. An 
oversupply of space can, for example, lead to pressure on rents, longer marketing periods or 
increased vacancy rates. In addition, the development of value depends on property-specific 
risk factors, in particular the condition and fittings of the individual property and the 
creditworthiness of the tenants (default of receivables). The occurrence of these risk factors 
reduces the property cash flow and thus the fair value of the property. 
The commercial portfolio is diversified by type of use, especially for office and retail property, 
as well as by size category. A continuous monitoring and if necessary an improvement of the 
commercial portfolio takes place by purchasing or selling individual properties or (sub-) 
portfolios. The portfolio is classified by risk classes in core, core-plus and value add-properties 
by defined criteria (location quality, lease terms, potential for appreciation) and the planned 
holding period. The commercial portfolio is still predominantly located in Stuttgart. Through 
the purchases of the last years in Munich, Frankfurt am Main and Hamburg in some degree a 
diversification by macrolocation could be achieved. Local economic turbulences in the 
described target markets may cause increased losses from negative changes in the value of 
the Group's own real estate holdings. When real estate risks as mentioned before occur, these 
may have an impact on the net assets, financial position and results of operations of the LBBW 
Group. 
1.1.7 Investment Risks 
LBBW Group is exposed to investment risks. LBBW invests in other companies in the Group 
or outsources functions to subsidiaries, if this is sensible from a strategic or yield point of view.

--- Page 16 ---
14 
The LBBW Group defines investment risks in the narrower sense as the risk of a potential loss 
in value due to default events as well as the non- or under-interest-bearing nature of 
investments in subsidiaries and equity investments. However, the risk corresponds to the 
above mentioned general book value or fair value risk due to the focus on capitalized income 
value in the valuation of equity investments.  
The main drivers in this context are the large strategic subsidiaries and equity investments of 
the LBBW Group. The LBBW Group's equity investment portfolio has a strong financial focus. 
Accordingly, a disruption in this market segment may lead to significant losses from 
subsidiaries and equity investments. 
Risks may also arise from the utilization of the personal liability assumed as shareholder (e.g. 
guarantor's liability (Gewährträgerhaftung), letter of comfort (Patronatserklärung)) for 
subsidiaries and investments; this also includes revoked letters of comfort or warranty 
declarations extended to subsidiaries and investments already disposed of. In addition, there 
is a risk of assuming current losses incurred by subsidiaries due to control and/or profit and 
loss transfer agreements as well as step-in-risks (the risk that non-regulatory consolidated or 
proportionately consolidated subsidiaries and participations without contractual obligations 
need to be financially supported, e.g. to avoid reputational risks).  
1.2 Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Environment 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory environment include the following risks in each case 
as further specified below. 
Any materialisation of any risks further specified below could have a material adverse effect 
on the LBBW Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn will 
have a negative impact on the Notes and is detrimental to Noteholders (including the risk of a 
total loss of interest and capital invested by the Noteholders). 
1.2.1 The LBBW Group is subject to extensive regulation that is likely to continue to 
change. 
Companies active in the financial services industry, including the LBBW Group, operate under 
an extensive regulatory regime. The LBBW Group is subject to laws and regulations, 
administrative actions and policies as well as related oversight from the local regulators in 
each of the jurisdictions in which it has operations (in particular, but not limited to, Germany). 
The LBBW Group is under the direct supervision, and subject to the regulations, of the 
European Central Bank (the "ECB") as a result of the size of its assets. The laws and 
regulations, administrative actions and policies that apply to or could impact the Group, are 
subject to change and may from time to time require significant costs to comply with. If the 
Issuer fails to address, or appears to fail to address, appropriately any changes or initiatives 
in banking regulation, its reputation could be harmed and it could be subject to additional legal 
and litigation risk such as an increase in the number of claims and damages, enforcement 
actions, administrative fines and penalties and/or be required to comply with additional capital 
adequacy requirements. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the following regulatory developments are most likely 
to impact the Issuer in the short-to-medium-term future: 
 
The Issuer has been and, in the future, will be subject to stress testing exercises initiated 
and/or conducted by the German financial regulatory authorities Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht ("BaFin") and Deutsche Bundesbank (the "German 
Central Bank"), the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), the ECB and/or any other 
competent authority. The Issuer's results of operations may be adversely affected if the 
Issuer or any of the financial institutions with which the Issuer does business receives 
negative results on such stress tests. In 2024, the ECB has conducted its first ever cyber 
resilience stress test to assess how banks respond to and recover from cyberattacks. In 
2025, EBA will again be conducting an EU-wide stress test to assess the resilience of

--- Page 17 ---
15 
European banks. The outcome of any such stress tests will be taken into account for 
supervisory decisions such as the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
("SREP"). Further, the Banking Package (as defined below) contains provisions 
whereby environmental, social and governance risks will also be taken into 
consideration for the purpose of SREP. Given that the Issuer will be included in future 
stress tests carried out by EBA and other institutions, this may result in a requirement to 
increase its own funds and/or other supervisory interventions if the Issuer's capital was 
to fall below the predefined threshold at the end of the stress test period and/or other 
deficiencies are identified in connection with a stress test exercise. 
 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, 
as amended from time to time (the "CRD"), Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to time, the "CRR"), 
Directive 2014/59/EU (as amended from time to time the "BRRD") and the SRM 
Regulation (as defined below) set out certain minimum capital (in terms of quantity and 
quality) and other regulatory requirements applicable to credit institutions such as the 
Issuer. This regulatory framework (and the related German implementation laws) is 
subject to continuous development and change.  
 
In Germany, the so-called risk reduction act (Risikoreduzierungsgesetz) was adopted in 
November 2020. This led to, amongst others, amendments to the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz – "KWG") and the German Act on the Recovery and Resolution of 
Credit Institutions, as amended from time to time (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz 
– "SAG"). Since 28 December 2020, amendments to the previously existing rules for 
setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL", as further 
set out below) applied. In this context, it should be noted that the SRM Regulation (as 
defined below) and the BRRD continue to be subject to discussion and change, 
including in the context of the proposal to further adjust the existing EU bank crisis 
management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") framework published by the European 
Commission in April 2023 and expected to apply from late 2026 onwards at the earliest. 
Once the proposals start to apply, it cannot be excluded that this will result in an increase 
of costs for the Issuer and/or that the creditworthiness of the Issuer might be impacted 
(please see in this regard also the subsection "Risk of a reduction in the LBBW Group's 
credit ratings" in the section "Other substantial risks").  
 
Further, in October 2021, the European Commission published a draft legislative 
package, which will further amend the CRR and the CRD (the "Banking Package"). In 
December 2023, final elements of the Banking Package were agreed and the Banking 
Package was endorsed by the Council and the European Parliament. On 19 June 2024, 
the final texts have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union. The 
Banking Package is expected to start to apply from 1 January 2025 (with respect to the 
changes to the CRD and with transitional arrangements applying over a further five-year 
period). In this context, it should be noted that the Banking Package introduces, inter 
alia, a lower limit on capital requirements that banks calculate when using internal 
models (so-called output floor), which will be phased in gradually until 2032. Such 
changes as well as any further specifications made by the European Commission, EBA 
and/or the relevant Member States may result in increased uncertainty, increased capital 
requirements, increased costs of funding for the Issuer and, by requiring the Issuer to 
monitor ongoing developments, increased costs of compliance.  
Any materialisation of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the LBBW Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn will have a negative 
impact on the Notes and is detrimental to holders of such Notes (including the risk of a total 
loss of interest and capital invested by the holders).

--- Page 18 ---
16 
1.2.2 Potential non-compliance with own funds requirements, the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") and liquidity 
provisions may place a substantial burden on the Issuer. 
As a credit institution supervised by the ECB and the single resolution board (the "Board"), 
LBBW needs to comply with a number of own funds and liquidity requirements resulting mainly 
from the CRD and the CRR, but also from the BRRD. Higher minimum requirements (in terms 
of quantity and quality) may require the Issuer to raise own funds instruments, increase other 
forms of capital or reduce its risk weighted assets to a greater extent which in turn may result 
in an adverse effect on the Issuer's long term profitability. As a consequence, this could have 
an adverse effect on an investor's economic or legal position. Any such change may also have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operating results and financial position. Generally, 
there is the risk that a chain of causation is triggered by (purported) non-compliance or 
imminent non-compliance with own funds requirements by the Issuer (even if such (purported 
or imminent) non-compliance were only an erroneous market perception) which could lead to 
the Issuer's insolvency, also because creditors might withdraw their funds from the Issuer or 
the Issuer's liquidity or refinancing possibly could no longer be assured. Therefore, non-
compliance or imminent non-compliance by the Issuer with own funds requirements may not 
only have a negative effect on the financial position and earnings of the Issuer, but could 
eventually result in Noteholders losing their investment in whole or in part. 
As set out above, the rules for setting MREL have been subject to change with the effect that, 
inter alia, the scope of application of a statutory minimum requirement was amended with 
effect as of 28 December 2020. Further, a subordination requirement with regard to the MREL 
applies to top tier banks such as the Issuer, resulting in a scenario where the Issuer will need 
to fulfil its MREL with subordinated liabilities, subject to certain exemptions set out in the CRR. 
In addition, the resolution authority continues to be authorised to set an institution-specific 
MREL (exceeding the statutory minimum requirement) with regard to the Issuer.  
Non-compliance or imminent non-compliance with own funds, MREL or liquidity requirements 
triggers numerous powers of the competent regulatory authorities. Apart from the ability to 
issue orders in relation to the Issuer's business activities and various other powers (like, for 
example, orders for capital adequacy improvements or measures in relation to the institution's 
management), a competent authority, depending on the particular circumstances of the case, 
might, as a means of last resort, have the power to withdraw the Issuer's banking permit or to 
issue an order that the Issuer be dissolved and liquidated. Moreover, non-compliance with 
own funds requirements, either actual or imminent, may trigger the commencement of 
recovery or resolution proceedings, which may involve in particular, but are not limited to, the 
mandatory exercise of write-down or conversion powers. 
1.2.3 The Issuer may be exposed to specific risks arising from the EU Banking Union, 
in particular as resolution measures taken under the SRM Regulation may 
expose creditors of the Issuer to the risk of losing part or all of their invested 
capital. Further, potential new deposit guarantee schemes could impose 
additional burdens on the Issuer, which could negatively impact its business. 
Within the EU Banking Union, the ECB, supported by the participating national competent 
authorities ("NCAs", such as BaFin), is responsible for conducting banking supervision in the 
euro area, based upon the Regulation on the single supervisory mechanism (Council 
Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013, the "SSM Regulation", as amended from 
time to time, and the "SSM", respectively), which confers specific tasks on the ECB concerning 
policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions. Since 4 November 2014, 
the Issuer is a "significant" credit institution (which is subject to direct ECB supervision albeit 
acting with the day-to-day assistance of the NCAs) under the SSM.  
With a view to fulfilling the supervisory tasks assumed by it, the ECB is empowered, in 
particular as part of the SREP, to inter alia, analyse the business model, internal control 
arrangements, risk governance as well as capital and liquidity adequacy models of individual

--- Page 19 ---
17 
groups of significant credit institutions (such as LBBW) and to require those to comply with 
own funds and liquidity adequacy requirements which may exceed regular regulatory 
requirements to take early correction measures to address potential problems. The key result 
of the application of the SREP is a common scoring resulting in individual specific additional 
capital and liquidity requirements for the supervised credit institutions (including LBBW 
Group). As a result, each affected credit institution receives a reviewed SREP decision on an 
annual basis by the ECB affecting, among others, individual capital requirements which may 
increase the capital requirements applicable to the Issuer and the ECB may also require the 
Issuer to maintain higher capital buffers than those required by the BaFin.  
The SRM established in 2014 by the SRM Regulation is considered the second pillar of the 
EU Banking Union and establishes a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
that are subject to the SSM. The SRM Regulation, the BRRD and SAG are closely connected. 
As a result of a resolution measure under the SRM, a creditor of the Issuer may, already prior 
to the occurrence of insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, be exposed to the risk of losing 
part or all of the invested capital.  
In addition, the SRF has been established which may in certain circumstances and subject to 
various conditions provide medium term funding for potential resolution measures in respect 
of any bank that is subject to the SRM. Credit institutions such as LBBW are required to 
provide contributions to the SRF, including annual contributions and ex-post contributions in 
addition to existing bank resolution cost contributions. These contributions constitute a 
substantial financial burden for LBBW as well as the other banks subject to the SRM. 
Additionally, on 24 November 2015, the European Commission proposed to create a uniform 
Euro-area wide deposit guarantee scheme for bank deposits ("EDIS"), which shall include the 
creation of the European Deposit Insurance Fund, to be financed through contributions from 
the banking industry. The concrete structure and timing of the implementation of EDIS remains 
subject to ongoing discussions (e.g. with respect to the question whether a fully-fledged 
deposit guarantee scheme shall be implemented or a hybrid model whereby national deposit 
guarantee schemes lend money to each other). Subject to the final agreement and subsequent 
implementation, the creation of the EDIS may have material adverse effects on the Issuer's 
business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes already requires that the financial means 
dedicated to the compensation of the depositors in times of stress will have to amount to 0.8% 
of the amount of the covered deposits by 3 July 2024. The calculation of the contributions shall 
be made in due consideration of the individual bank's risk profile. Furthermore, the institutional 
deposit guarantee scheme of the Sparkassen Finanzgruppe has been restructured and 
approved pursuant to the German law on deposit guarantees (Einlagensicherungsgesetz) 
("EinSiG") by BaFin. Due to EinSiG, the associated systems of calculation of contributions 
have been updated, resulting in an additional financial burden because of new annual 
contributions for LBBW from 2015 until 2024. 
The aforementioned proposed and implemented regulations and/or other regulatory initiatives 
could change the interpretation of regulatory requirements applicable to the Issuer and lead 
to additional regulatory requirements, increased cost of compliance and reporting obligations 
as well as require the Issuer to provide contributions to the Single Resolution Fund in addition 
to existing bank levies or resolution cost contributions; in particular the Issuer could be obliged 
to provide further contributions should another bank be subject to resolution measures under 
the SRM. Such additional burdens may have adverse effects on the Issuer's business, results 
of operations or financial condition which in turn would have a negative impact on the Notes 
and would be detrimental for holders of such Notes (including the risk of total loss of interest 
and capital invested by the Noteholders).

--- Page 20 ---
18 
1.2.4 The LBBW Group is subject to risks relating to consumer protection laws and 
requirements, current developments in jurisprudence and fiscal laws.  
Consumer protection requirements and laws may present challenges for the LBBW Group. 
Legal risks may arise from jurisprudence increasingly critical towards credit institutions. The 
banking landscape continues to face legal risks from the further development of consumer 
protection and legal risks related to tax law.  
1.3 Other substantial risks 
This risk factor category represents other specific material risks. 
1.3.1 Risk of a reduction in the LBBW Group's credit ratings 
The rating agencies Moody's Deutschland GmbH, Moody's Investors Service Ltd., Fitch 
Ratings – a branch of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and DBRS Ratings GmbH assess whether 
a potential borrower will be able to meet its obligations as agreed in the future and issue a 
credit rating (the "Rating"). 
A Rating downgrade may have adverse effects on funding costs and the overall relationship 
with investors and customers. The sale of products and services can be made more difficult 
and the ability to compete in the markets can be so negatively affected that the Group's ability 
to operate profitably can be questioned. 
1.3.2 Reputational risks 
Reputation risk is the risk of a loss or foregone profit due to (anticipated) damage 
to/deterioration of the bank’s reputation in the eyes of owners, customers, employees, 
business partners or the wider public. Reputation risk is not a component of operational risk. 
However, reputation risks may be caused by an incident of loss resulting from operational risk 
or other risk types becoming public knowledge. Reputational risks that occur can also have 
an impact on business and liquidity risks.  
1.3.3 Business risk 
Business risk is the risk of unexpected falls in earnings and negative plan variances not 
caused by other defined risk types. Business risk may be caused by factors including changes 
in customer behavior or changes to the economic environment, such as the level of 
competition, technological advances and regulatory changes. Business risks may have the 
following effects/risk factors: change in fee and commission income, change in the interest 
conditions contribution, higher costs, impact of poor strategic decisions, project risks. 
1.3.4 Model risks 
LBBW defines model risk as the risk of potential loss or damage resulting from decisions 
based on the results of models that show weaknesses or uncertainties in the model 
theory/design, the model parameterization/calibration, model implementation, initial model 
data or the model application. As regards the intended use of the models, LBBW differentiates 
between the following types of model: models to quantify risks (ICAAP and ILAAP) ("risk and 
capital models"), models to value asset and liability items ("valuation models"), models to 
derive parameters relevant to lending such as ratings (probability of default: PD), loss given 
default (LGD) and credit conversion factor (CCF) ("lending parameter models") and models 
that do not fall into these model categories ("other models"). 
If a serious model risk cannot be eliminated within a reasonable period of time by adjusting 
the model, it is offset in the risk-bearing capacity, depending on model type, as a deduction 
from the aggregate risk cover, as a premium in economic capital in the type of risk affected 
(for risk underwriting model risk), via the economic capital of the operational risk or by booking 
a fair value adjustment.

--- Page 21 ---
19 
1.3.5 Interdisciplinary topic: ESG risks 
Sustainability risks and ESG risks are associated with specific risk drivers that could have a 
negative impact on LBBW. LBBW considers ESG risks a material interdisciplinary topic 
overall, as they have a material impact on the counterparty default/credit risk and, to a lesser 
extent, on reputation risk. 
Any materialisation of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the LBBW Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operation. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on 
their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
Risks relating to the Notes are presented in the following six categories depending on their 
nature: 
 
Structural Risks  
 
Interest Risks 
 
Regulatory Risks 
 
Liquidity and Market Risks 
 
Risks resulting from measures under the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities 
 
Tax risks 
2.1 
Structural Risks  
Structural risks comprise mainly risks associated with or resulting from the structure of the 
Notes including the deep subordination of the Notes. 
2.1.1 The obligations under the Notes are deeply subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. There is a significant risk that the Noteholders will lose all or some of 
their investment should the Issuer become insolvent or is liquidated 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The Notesholders’ claims under the Notes may need to be written-
down (including to zero) if resolution measures are imposed on the Issuer. Even prior to such 
Write-down in case of other resolutions measures or in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, 
insolvency or composition of the Issuer, or if other proceedings are opened for the avoidance 
of insolvency of, or against, the Issuer, the obligations under the Notes shall rank, subject to 
applicable law from time to time, (A) junior to (i) the claims of unsubordinated creditors of the 
Issuer (including obligations which, following the expiry of the transitional provisions under the 
CRR, cease to qualify as capital instruments of the Issuer that qualify as additional tier 1 
instruments pursuant to Article 52 CRR at the relevant time ("AT1 Instruments") and 
including, but not limited to, claims against the Issuer under its non-preferred senior debt 
instruments within the meaning of § 46f(6) sentence 1 KWG), (ii) the claims specified in § 
39(1) nos. 1 to 5 of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung - "InsO"), (iii) the claims 
of subordinated creditors of the Issuer which do not, pursuant to (B) and (C) below, rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the claims under the Notes, (iv) all other claims of creditors of the 
Issuer which pursuant to mandatory law (including pursuant to § 46f(7a) sentence 3 KWG) 
have to be satisfied with priority to AT1 Instruments unless already captured in (i) through (iii), 
and (v) the claims under Tier 2 Instruments (the obligations of the Issuer referred to in (i) 
through (v), together the "Senior Ranking Obligations") provided that in any such event, no 
amounts shall be payable in respect of the Notes until the Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer have been satisfied in full; (B) pari passu amongst themselves and with the claims 
against the Issuer under other AT1 Instruments and claims under other instruments which 
pursuant to mandatory provisions of law rank pari passu with AT1 Instruments; and (C) senior

--- Page 22 ---
20 
to the claims in respect of common equity tier 1 items of the Issuer pursuant to Article 26 CRR, 
in particular (but not limited to) claims under any other instruments (if any) of the Issuer which 
pursuant to their terms or mandatory provisions of law rank pari passu with common equity 
tier 1 items. 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer qualify as AT1 Instruments or other own funds 
instruments within the meaning of Article 4(1) no. 119 CRR, the obligations under the Notes 
will, pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG, rank in priority to all obligations under own funds instruments. 
Furthermore, pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG, claims under the Issuer’s existing AT1 Instruments 
which rank pari passu with the Notes issued under this Programme at the time of issuance will 
rank senior to claims against the Issuer under the Notes if and when such capital instruments 
cease to qualify as own funds within the meaning of the CRR, irrespective of the ranking 
provisions contained in such other capital instruments. 
No Noteholder may set off his claims arising under the Notes against any claims of the Issuer. 
No collateral or guarantee is or shall at any time be provided to secure claims of the 
Noteholders under the Notes. Any collateral or guarantee already provided or granted in the 
future (as the case may be) in connection with other liabilities of the Issuer may not be used 
for claims under the Notes. Furthermore, the Noteholders will have limited ability to influence 
the outcome of any insolvency proceeding or a restructuring outside insolvency. In the course 
of insolvency proceedings over the assets of the Issuer, the Noteholders will not have any 
right to vote in the assembly of creditors (Gläubigerversammlung). Accordingly, the 
Noteholders may only affect the outcome of a restructuring to a very limited extent. In addition, 
any redemption or repayment amounts paid by the Issuer under violation of any applicable 
pre-insolvency payment prohibitions (as set out in § 2 (6) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) or amounts redeemed or repaid prior to the full satisfaction of the Senior Ranking 
Obligations must be returned to the Issuer irrespective of any agreement to the contrary unless 
the competent authority of the Issuer has given its prior consent to such redemption or 
repurchase. Therefore, in the event of the dissolution, liquidation, insolvency or composition, 
or any other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency, there is a significant risk that a 
Noteholder will lose all or some of its investment, including amounts previously redeemed or 
paid. 
2.1.2 There is no negative pledge, covenant or other restriction on the amount or type 
of further instruments, including instruments which depend, amongst others, on 
the Issuer's Available Distributable Items, or other indebtedness that the Issuer 
may issue, incur or guarantee, including instruments that rank pari passu or 
senior to the Notes 
The Issuer has not entered into any restrictive covenants in connection with the Notes 
regarding its ability to dispose of its assets, issue or guarantee further instruments, or other 
indebtedness ranking pari passu with or senior to claims under the Notes. The disposal of 
assets or the issuance of further instruments which rank pari passu or senior to the Notes may 
reduce the amount recoverable by the Noteholders upon liquidation or winding-up of the 
Issuer. The issuance of further indebtedness could limit the Issuer's ability to make payments 
of principal and interest under the Notes, in particular where payments of principal or interest 
on such other indebtedness reduce or are required to be made from the Issuer’s Available 
Distributable Items. The issuance of further AT1 Instruments which rank pari passu with the 
Notes may increase the risk that the Issuer has to cancel interest payments on the Notes if it 
is subject to payment restrictions and the distributable amounts such as the Maximum 
Distributable Amount are insufficient. Accordingly, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder 
will lose all or some of its investment.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
2.1.3 Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, there may be a Write-down of the Notes 
even if other capital instruments of the Issuer are not written down or converted 
into equity 
The terms and conditions of other instruments already in issue or to be issued after the date 
hereof by the Issuer may vary and accordingly such instruments may not be written down at 
the same time as the Notes, if the Notes are written down, or to the same extent as the Notes, 
or at all. Alternatively, such other instruments may provide that they shall convert into equity, 
or become entitled to reinstatement of the principal amount of the Notes or other compensation 
in the event of a potential recovery of the Issuer and/or any other entity of the LBBW Group or 
a subsequent change in the financial condition thereof. Such capital instruments may also 
provide for such reinstatement or compensation in different circumstances from those in 
which, or to a different extent to which, the principal amount of the Notes may be reinstated. 
Hence, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder will lose all or some of its investment. 
2.1.4 The Issuer is under no obligation to reinstate any written down amounts 
The Issuer is under no obligation to reinstate any principal amounts which have been subject 
to any Write-down up to a maximum of the Original Nominal Amount (a "Write-up"), even if 
certain conditions (as further described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) that would 
permit the Issuer to do so, were met. Any Write-up of the Notes is at the sole discretion of the 
Issuer. The Issuer's ability to make a Write-up depends on the availability of an annual profits 
(Jahresüberschuss) as recorded on the basis of the financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with German commercial law and is subject to a number of conditions 
set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including that the sum of the Write-up of 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments the terms of which provide for a similar Trigger Event (including 
the Notes but excluding instruments that qualify as additional tier 1 instruments solely pursuant 
to transitional provisions under the CRR, the "Written Down AT1 Instruments") together with 
the amounts of any dividend payments and payments of interest on shares and other Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer for the relevant financial year does not exceed the 
maximum distributable amount or any other maximum amount that may have to be observed 
for this purpose. However, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will at any time have the 
ability and be willing to effect such Write-up and Write-ups do not have priority over other 
payments and therefore the Issuer may make dividend payments and other respective 
payments even if no Write-up has been effected. In case a Write-up is made, it will have to be 
effected on a pro rata basis with other Written Down AT1 Instruments of the Issuer. Moreover, 
the Issuer will, inter alia, only have the option to write-up the current nominal amount of the 
Notes subject to certain limitations set forth in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and if 
the Maximum Distributable Amount (if any) would not be exceeded when operating a Write-
up (see also "2.3.2 The manner in which some aspects of the CRR/CRD and BRRD/SRMR 
framework may be applied in the future is uncertain"). No assurance can be given that these 
conditions will ever be met or that the Issuer will ever write up (fully or partially) the principal 
amount (i.e. the then-current nominal amount) of the Notes following a Write-down. 
Furthermore, any Write-up must be undertaken on a pro rata basis with all Notes and among 
any Written Down AT1 Instruments. Hence, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder will 
lose all or some of its investment.

--- Page 24 ---
22 
2.1.5 The redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes will be reduced 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event which may result in lower Interest Payments as well as lower principal 
payments upon repayment of the Notes. In case of a reduction of the redemption 
amount and the nominal amount of the Notes to zero, this may result in a full 
loss of the money invested in the Notes. Any indication that the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer is moving towards the level of a Trigger Event 
may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the nominal amount of the Notes is subject to 
a write-down (a "Write-down"). In case of a Write-down, and with effect from the date of the 
notification, and thus the occurrence, of such Write-down, Interest Payments will be calculated 
on the basis of the reduced nominal amount of the Notes and thus not accrue in full. In such 
event, Noteholders would receive no, or reduced, Interest Payments on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. A Write-down will be effected upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event. A 
"Trigger Event" occurs if, at any time, the common equity tier 1 capital ratio pursuant to Article 
92 (1)(a) CRR of the Issuer (the "Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio"), determined on 
either (i) a consolidated basis and/or (ii) an individual basis, falls below the Minimum CET1 
Ratio, as defined and specified in the Final Terms. The Trigger Event in respect of the 
Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on a consolidated basis may occur at any time, while a 
Trigger Event in respect of the Minimum CET1 Ratio determined on an individual basis shall 
only occur if the Issuer should, in the future pursuant to the regulations applicable to it or an 
administrative order, be required to comply with the prudential requirements on an individual 
basis as well and, for this purpose, to determine the Minimum CET1 Ratio on an individual 
basis. A Trigger Event may be determined at any time and may occur on more than one 
occasion. The occurrence of a Trigger Event and therefore a Write-down is inherently 
unpredictable and depends on a number of factors, any of which may be outside the control 
of the Issuer. The calculation of the Issuer's Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio could be 
affected by a wide range of factors, including, among other things, changes in the mix of the 
LBBW Group's business, major events affecting its earnings, dividend payments by the Issuer, 
regulatory changes (including changes to the definitions and calculations of regulatory capital 
ratios and their components) and the LBBW Group's ability to manage risk-weighted assets 
(see also "2.3.1. 
The Issuer's consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and the 
Maximum Distributable Amounts will be affected by a number of factors, any of which may be 
outside the control of the Issuer, as well as by its business decisions and, in making such 
decisions, the interests of the Issuer may not be aligned with those of the Noteholders"). If 
upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event other AT1 Instruments are also subject to a Write-
down, where the respective conditions provide for a trigger event on a level for the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio at or above the Minimum CET1 Ratio (together with the Notes the 
"Relevant AT1 Instruments"), any such Write-down will occur in such order of application or 
ratio as required in accordance with the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. If no such order 
or ratio is required by the Applicable Supervisory Regulations, the following applies. The Notes 
and all other Relevant AT1 Instruments will only participate in a Write-down to the extent 
required in aggregate to restore the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio determined on (i) a 
consolidated basis and (ii) an individual basis (in each case only if and as long as the Issuer 
is required pursuant to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations or an administrative order to 
determine the ratio on such level) to the ratio provided for in their respective terms as the ratio 
triggering the event resulting in such Write-down, provided that the total amount of the Write-
downs shall not exceed the sum of the outstanding principal amounts of the Relevant AT1 
Instruments at the time of occurrence of the Trigger Event. Any such Write-down will be 
effected pro rata with all of the Issuer's other AT1 Instruments which provide for a Write-down 
(whether permanent or temporary) upon the occurrence of such Trigger Event. For purposes 
of determining the relevant pro rata amounts for a Write-down and calculation of the written-
down amount, any other Relevant AT1 Instrument that may be written down or converted in 
full but not in part will be treated as if its terms permit a partial write-down or conversion.

--- Page 25 ---
23 
Any Write-down could also negatively affect the size of the redemption amount payable on the 
Notes given that the Issuer has the right to call the Notes for redemption for certain tax or 
regulatory reasons without a prior Write-Up.  
In case of an optional redemption pursuant to § 5(2) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the Issuer is required to reinstate the nominal amount of the Notes by means of a Write-up in 
order to call the Notes for redemption. However, such requirement does not apply in case of 
a call of the Notes for redemption for tax or regulatory reasons. 
The amount to be repaid under the Notes, if any, may thus be substantially lower than the 
Original Nominal Amount of the Notes, and may also be reduced to zero which would result 
in a full loss of all money invested in the Notes. Further, any such Write-down will not constitute 
an event of default with respect to the Notes. Therefore, as any event which could result in a 
Write-down of the redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes may adversely 
affect the market value of the Notes and reduce the liquidity of the Notes, the market price of 
the Notes is expected to be affected by changes in the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 
the Issuer and any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer is 
moving towards the level of a Trigger Event. Such changes or indications, as the case may 
be, may be caused by changes in the amount of Common Equity Tier 1 capital or risk weighted 
assets, as well as changes to their respective definition and interpretation under the applicable 
capital regulations. The Issuer's current and future outstanding junior instruments might not 
include write-down or similar features with triggers comparable to those of the Notes. As a 
result, it is possible that the Notes will be subject to a Write-Down, while other junior 
instruments remain outstanding and continue to receive payments. Following a Write-down of 
the redemption amount and the nominal amount in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes described above, the Issuer will, subject to certain limitations set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, be entitled (but not obliged) to effect, in its sole discretion an 
increase of the redemption amount and thereby the nominal amount of the Notes up to their 
Original Nominal Amount (see "The Issuer is under no obligation to reinstate any written down 
amounts."). Hence, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder will lose all or some of its 
investment. 
2.1.6 The Notes may be written down (without prospect of a potential write-up in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or converted into equity 
and the terms of the Notes may be varied to the detriment of the Noteholders, by 
the competent resolution authority 
In addition to being subject to a possible Write-down upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (see "2.1.3 
Upon 
the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, there may be a Write-down of the Notes even if other capital 
instruments of the Issuer are not written down or converted into equity."), the Notes may also 
be subject to a permanent write-down and/or to other resolution measures, in particular in 
circumstances where the competent authorities have determined that the Issuer or the LBBW 
Group has reached the point of non-viability and the competent resolution authority has taken 
the decision to apply these measures to the Issuer. On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament 
and the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the 
"BRRD", also commonly referred to as the 'Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive'), as 
amended from time to time. The BRRD was transposed into German law by the German 
Recovery and Resolution Act (the "SAG" or Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz) with effect 
from 1 January 2015. For credit institutions established in the eurozone, such as the Issuer, 
which are supervised within the framework of the SSM, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time ("SRM 
Regulation") provides for a coherent application of the resolution rules across the eurozone

--- Page 26 ---
24 
under responsibility of the Single Resolution Board, which is a European Union agency, with 
effect since 1 January 2016 (this framework is referred to as the 'Single Resolution 
Mechanism', the "SRM"). Within the SRM, the Single Resolution Board is responsible for 
adopting resolution decisions in close cooperation with the ECB, the European Commission, 
the Council of the European Union and national resolution authorities in the event that a 
significant credit institution directly supervised by the ECB, such as the Issuer, is failing or 
likely to fail and certain other conditions are met. The national resolution authorities in the 
European Union Member States concerned would implement such resolution decision 
adopted by the Single Resolution Board in accordance with the powers conferred on them 
under the national laws transposing the BRRD. Since 1 January 2018, the national resolution 
authority competent for Germany and the Issuer is BaFin. Due to their qualification as 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments, the Notes are 'relevant capital instruments' as defined in Article 
3 (1) point (51) SRM Regulation and § 2 (2) SAG which are intended to be recognised for the 
purposes of meeting own funds requirements of the Issuer on a consolidated basis. The Notes 
are therefore in particular subject to the 'write-down and conversion of capital instruments' 
("WDCCI") tool as set out in Article 21 SRM Regulation and § 89 SAG. If the ECB or the Single 
Resolution Board determines that the Issuer or the LBBW Group is failing or likely to fail and 
certain other conditions are met (as set forth in the SRM Regulation, the SAG and other 
applicable rules and regulations), BaFin, upon a resolution scheme adopted by the Single 
Resolution Board, has the power to write-down, including to write-down to zero, all claims for 
payment of the principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Notes or to convert the 
Notes into ordinary shares or other instruments qualifying as Common Equity Tier 1 capital. 
The Single Resolution Board and BaFin will have to exercise the WDCCI tool in a way that 
results in (a) Common Equity Tier 1 items (such as ordinary shares of the Issuer) being 
reduced first in proportion to the relevant losses, (b) subsequently, the outstanding amount of 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, including the Notes, being written down on a permanent 
basis or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 instruments in order to absorb any remaining 
losses or to recapitalise the relevant institution to the extent this is necessary after step (a), 
and (c) finally, the outstanding amount of the Issuer's Tier 2 instruments as well as the Issuer's 
other "bail-inable" liabilities (unless exempted by the SRM Regulation or the SAG) being 
written down on a permanent basis or converted into Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
instruments in accordance with their order of priority and to the extent this is necessary after 
steps (a) and (b). In addition to the WDCCI tool, the Single Resolution Board and BaFin may 
apply any other resolution measure including (but not limited to) a transfer of the Notes to 
another entity, a variation of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, but not limited 
to, the variation of maturity of the Notes) or a cancellation of the Notes. The WDCCI tool and 
each of these other resolution measures are hereinafter referred to as a "Resolution 
Measure". Generally, the Single Resolution Board and BaFin may apply Resolution Measures 
individually or in any combination. Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that, 
according to the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and the SAG, public financial support should 
only be granted as a last resort after having assessed and utilised, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the application of Resolution Measures, including the WDCCI tool, to the Issuer. 
In all these cases, the Noteholders can lose the entire or a substantial part of their investments. 
Consequently, any amounts so written down in respect of the Notes would be irrevocably lost 
and the Noteholders would cease to have any claims thereunder, and any conversion into 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer (or a third party such as a bridge institution) 
with generally higher risks would be permanent, regardless whether or not the LBBW Group's 
financial position is restored. Noteholders would have no claim against the Issuer in such 
cases and there would be no obligation of the Issuer to make any further payments under the 
Notes. Potential investors should therefore consider the risk that they may lose all of their 
investment, including the nominal amount plus any accrued interest in particular if the Single 
Resolution Board and BaFin impose a write-down or conversion of the Notes into Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments. In addition, potential investors should note that the provisions of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes relating to a Write-up will not apply if the Notes have been 
subject to a Resolution Measure (see "2.1.3 Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, there

--- Page 27 ---
25 
may be a Write-down of the Notes even if other capital instruments of the Issuer are not written 
down or converted into equity."). Hence, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder will lose 
all or some of its investment. 
2.1.7 The Notes have no scheduled maturity and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes do not provide for events of default allowing acceleration of the Notes if 
certain events occur 
The Notes have no scheduled maturity and may run for an indefinite period. The Noteholders 
have no ability to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes do not provide for any events of default allowing acceleration of the Notes. The 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes only provide for termination by the Issuer and not by the 
Noteholders. Except for certain tax or regulatory reasons, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide that an ordinary termination by the Issuer may not become effective earlier than 
the first Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, such date being not 
earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Notes. In addition, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes stipulate that no termination shall become effective without prior 
approval of the competent authority and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. Moreover, any termination by the Issuer of the Notes will be at the Issuer's full 
discretion. The Issuer is under no obligation to repay all or any part of the nominal amount of 
the Notes at a certain point in time. In particular, neither a Write-down, any non-viability nor a 
regulatory bail-in in connection therewith (see "2.1.6 
The Notes may be written down 
(without prospect of a potential write-up in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes) or converted into equity and the terms of the Notes may be varied to the detriment of 
the Noteholders, by the competent resolution authority.") will constitute an event of default 
with respect to the Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet obligations under the Notes, 
including the payment of interest which has not been cancelled, Noteholders will not have the 
right of acceleration of principal. The only remedy against the Issuer available to Noteholders 
for recovery of amounts which have become due in respect of the Notes will be the institution 
of legal proceedings to enforce payment of the amounts. In particular, as solely BaFin is 
entitled to file an application for the institution of insolvency proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer, Noteholders would not be able to file for the institution of insolvency proceedings with 
a view to recover such amounts. Certain market expectations may exist among investors in 
the Notes with regard to LBBW making use of a right to call the Notes for redemption. Should 
the Issuer's actions diverge from such expectations or should the Issuer be prevented from 
meeting such expectations for regulatory reasons, the market value of the Notes could be 
adversely affected and the liquidity of the Notes could be reduced. Therefore, Noteholders 
should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Notes for an indefinite period of time and that a Noteholder may lose all or some of its 
investment. 
2.1.8 The Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer's option (subject to the prior 
permission of the competent authority) 
In each case subject to the prior permission of the competent authority pursuant to Article 78 
CRR (and provided that if, at the time of any such redemption, the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations permit the redemption only after compliance with any additional conditions to 
those set out in Article 78 CRR as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall comply 
with such additional requirements), the Notes may be redeemed solely at the option of the 
Issuer (in whole but not in part) on each Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the first such date being not earlier than the fifth anniversary of the issue date of 
the Notes. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, permission pursuant to Article 78 CRR 
requires that either of the following conditions is met: 
(i) before or at the same time as the redemption, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own fund 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or (ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the competent authority

--- Page 28 ---
26 
that the own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following such redemption, 
exceed the requirements laid down in the Applicable Supervisory Regulations by a margin that 
the competent authority considers necessary; provided that the competent authority may grant 
the Issuer a general prior permission to make a redemption or a repurchase for a specified 
period, which shall not exceed one year, after which it may be renewed, and for a certain 
predetermined amount as set by the competent authority, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such future redemption will be in accordance with the conditions set out in points (i) and 
(ii) above, if the Issuer provides sufficient safeguards as to its capacity to operate with own 
funds above the amounts required in the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. Furthermore, a 
redemption at the option of the Issuer on any Optional Redemption Date requires that any 
reductions of the redemption amount or the nominal amount of the Notes have been fully 
compensated by a Write-up (but no Write-up is required if the Notes have been written-down 
due to the application of a Resolution Measure). In the event of a redemption of the Notes, the 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk that their investment has a lower yield than expected. In 
addition, the Noteholders are exposed to risks connected with any reinvestment of the cash 
proceeds received as a result of the early redemption. Therefore, the Noteholders are exposed 
to reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. This means that Noteholders might 
reinvest the redemption proceeds only at the then prevailing lower interest rates. Additionally, 
Noteholders are exposed to the risk that the market value of the Notes may be adversely 
affected and the liquidity of the Notes might be reduced in case of the Issuer having or being 
perceived to have a right of redemption at its option.  
2.1.9 Subject to the prior permission of the competent authority, the Notes can be 
redeemed by the Issuer at any time in its sole discretion under certain regulatory 
or tax reasons or due to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
being reduced under a certain threshold. In such case, the redemption amount 
may be substantially lower than the Original Nominal Amount of the Notes due 
to a Write-down that has not been fully written up. In case of a write-down to 
zero, this may result in a full loss of the nominal amount 
In each case subject to the prior permission of the competent authority pursuant to Article 78 
CRR (and provided that if, at the time of any such redemption, the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations permit the redemption only after compliance with any additional conditions to 
those set out in Article 78 CRR as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer shall comply 
with such additional requirements), the Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole but 
not in part, and without any previous Write-down having been written up if there is a change 
in the regulatory classification of the Notes that would be likely to result in (i) their exclusion in 
full or in part from the Issuer's own funds under the CRR or any successor legislation or (ii) 
their reclassification as a lower quality form of the Issuer's own funds, as of the respective 
issuance date of Notes to be issued under this Base Prospectus, provided that, in respect of 
a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue date of the Notes, the conditions in 
Article 78 (4) point (a) CRR are met, pursuant to which the ECB as competent authority may 
permit such redemption if (i) it considers the change in the regulatory classification to be 
sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrated to the satisfaction of the competent 
authority that the regulatory reclassification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at 
the respective date of issuance.  
Moreover, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole but not in part, for tax 
reasons subject to prior permission of the ECB, and without any previous Write-down having 
been written up, if the tax treatment of the Notes, due to a change in applicable legislation, 
including a change in any fiscal or regulatory legislation or relevant jurisprudence, rules or 
practices, which takes effect after the interest commencement date of the respective Notes, 
changes (including but not limited to the tax deductibility of interest payable under the Notes 
or the obligation to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 (1) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes)) and, in respect of a redemption prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue date of 
the Notes, the conditions in Article 78 (4) point (b) CRR are met, pursuant to which the

--- Page 29 ---
27 
competent authority may approve such redemption if there is a change in the applicable tax 
treatment of the Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the competent 
authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the respective date of issuance.  
In addition, the Issuer may redeem the Notes at its sole discretion at any time, in whole but 
not in part, subject to prior permission by the competent authority if a certain threshold 
(specified in the relevant final terms) or more of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
has been repurchased by the Issuer and cancelled. 
If the Issuer elects, in its sole discretion and subject to prior permission by the competent 
authority, to redeem the Notes, the Notes will be repaid as a consequence thereof. Due to any 
previous Write-downs that have not been fully written up, in the cases of a redemption for 
regulatory or tax reasons the amount to be repaid under the Notes, if any, may be substantially 
lower than the Original Nominal Amount of the Notes, and may also be reduced to zero which 
would result in a full loss of all money invested in the Notes (see "2.1.5 
The 
redemption 
amount and the nominal amount of the Notes will be reduced under the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event which may result in lower Interest 
Payments as well as lower principal payments upon repayment of the Notes. In case of a 
reduction of the redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes to zero, this may 
result in a full loss of the money invested in the Notes. Any indication that the Common Equity 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer is moving towards the level of a Trigger Event may have an 
adverse effect on the market price of the Notes." and "2.1.8 
The 
Notes 
may 
be 
redeemed at the Issuer's option (subject to the prior permission of the competent authority)."). 
Hence, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder will lose all or some of its investment. 
2.2 
Interest Risks 
Interest risks arising from the interest structure of the Notes and limited obligations to pay 
interest under the Notes. 
2.2.1  Interest Payments (as defined in the section "Interest Payments and 
Distributable Items of the Issuer" below) are entirely discretionary and subject 
to the fulfillment of certain conditions. If the Issuer elects to cancel an Interest 
Payment or is legally prevented to pay interest, such deferral will be non-
cumulative, i.e. the Issuer will be under no obligation to compensate for such 
non-payment at any later point in time. There will be no circumstances under 
which an Interest Payment will be compulsory for the Issuer. 
The Notes accrue Interest Payments in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and as 
specified in the Final Terms. However, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, no 
Interest Payments will accrue or be payable by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date if (but 
only to the extent that): (i) the Issuer, in its sole discretion, elects to cancel all or part of any 
payment of interest which would otherwise fall due for payment on such Interest Payment 
Date; or (ii) such payment of interest together with (1) the amount of a Write-up, if any, to be 
effected as of the relevant Interest Payment Date, (2) any additional Distributions (whereby 
"Distributions" refers to any kind of payments of dividends or interest) that are scheduled to 
be made or have been made on the same day or that have been made by the Issuer on other 
capital instruments which, according to the CRR, qualify as common equity tier 1 capital or 
AT1 Instruments ("Tier 1 Instruments") in the then-current financial year of the Issuer and (3) 
the total amount of Write-ups, if any, on any other AT1 Instruments which shall be effected as 
of the relevant Interest Payment Date or have been effected in the then-current financial year 
of the Issuer would exceed the Available Distributable Items (as defined below, see "2.2.2 
Interest Payments depend, among other things, on the Issuer's Available Distributable 
Items."), provided that, for such purpose, the Available Distributable Items shall be increased 
by an amount equal to what has been accounted for as expenses for Distributions in respect 
of Tier 1 Instruments (including payments of interest on the Notes) in the determination of the 
profit on which the Available Distributable Items are based (see also "2.2.2 Interest Payments 
depend, among other things, on the Issuer's Available Distributable Items." below); (iii) a

--- Page 30 ---
28 
competent authority orders that all or part of the relevant payment of interest be cancelled or 
another prohibition of Distributions is imposed by law or an authority or any other restriction to 
make Distributions exists under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (as defined in § 3 (8) 
or (9) of the Terms and Conditions, as the case may be) (including, but not limited to, the 
calculation of, and the compliance with, the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined in § 3 
(8) or (9) of the Terms and Conditions, as the case may be)) (see also "2.2.3 Interest Payments 
may be excluded and cancelled for regulatory reasons." below); or (iv) the Issuer is over-
indebted within the meaning of § 19 of the German Insolvency Statute ("InsO") or illiquid within 
the meaning of § 17 InsO on the relevant Interest Payment Date or to the extent that the 
relevant payment of interest would result in an over-indebtedness or illiquidity of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may opt to cancel the payment of any Interest Payment (in whole or in part) on any 
Interest Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) for any reason. In addition, 
the Issuer will be legally prevented to pay interest (in whole or in part) if and to the extent any 
of the conditions set out under (ii) through (iv) above is fulfilled. No such election to cancel the 
payment of any Interest Payment (or part thereof) or non-payment of any Interest Payment (or 
part thereof) for the reasons set out under (i) to (iv) above will constitute a default under the 
Notes for any purpose or entitle the Noteholders or any other person to demand such payment 
or to take any action to cause the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer. If due to 
any of the reasons set out above Interest Payments do not accrue and are not paid on any 
Interest Payment Date, such Interest Payments will not be paid at any later point of time (non-
cumulative). Accordingly, Interest Amounts (as defined in § 3 (4) of the Terms and Conditions) 
on following Interest Payment Dates will not be increased to compensate for any shortfalls in 
Interest Payments on any previous Interest Payment Date. Furthermore, in case of a 
discretionary or obligatory cancellation of Interest Payments on the Notes with respect to any 
Interest Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) by the Issuer, this will not 
give rise to any restriction on the Issuer making dividend payments or other distributions or 
any other payments to the holders of any other instruments, including instruments ranking pari 
passu with, or junior to, the Notes, and the Issuer is entitled to use the funds from cancelled 
payments of interest without restrictions for the fulfillment of its own obligations when due. 
Investors should be aware that there will be no circumstances under which an Interest 
Payment will be compulsory for the Issuer. Certain market expectations may exist among 
investors in the Notes with regard to LBBW making Interest Payments. Should the Issuer's 
actions diverge from such expectations or should the Issuer be prevented from meeting such 
expectations for regulatory reasons, any such event which could result in an Interest Payment 
not being made or not being made in full may adversely affect the market value of the Notes 
and reduce the liquidity of the Notes. 
2.2.2 Interest Payments depend, among other things, on the Issuer's Available 
Distributable Items 
The Interest Payments depend, among others, on the future Available Distributable Items (as 
defined in § 3 (8) or (9) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as the case may be, 
substantially the 'distributable items' as defined in Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR from time to time) 
of the Issuer. Interest Payments will not accrue if (and to the extent that) such payment, 
together with any other Distributions that are scheduled to be made or have been made on 
the same day or that have been made by the Issuer on other Tier 1 Instruments in the then-
current financial year, would exceed the Available Distributable Items, provided, however, that 
for purposes of this determination the Available Distributable Items shall be increased by an 
amount equal to the aggregate expense accounted for in respect of Distributions on Tier 1 
Instruments (including the Notes) when determining the profit which forms the basis of the 
Available Distributable Items In such event, Noteholders would receive no, or reduced, Interest 
Payments on the relevant Interest Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
With the annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) and any distributable reserves of LBBW forming an 
essential part of the Available Distributable Items, investors should also carefully review the 
risk factors under "Risks relating to LBBW" since any change in the financial prospects of the 
Issuer or its inherent profitability, in particular a reduction in the amount of profit or distributable

--- Page 31 ---
29 
reserves on an unconsolidated basis, may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to 
make a payment in respect of the Notes. In addition, when determining whether Interest 
Payments under the Notes will or will not accrue, the Available Distributable Items shall be 
determined on the basis of the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of the 
determination and, accordingly, only those amounts shall be added or deducted that may be 
added or have to be deducted (as the case may be) for purposes of determining the amounts 
distributable on AT1 Instruments under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations. The previous 
definition of 'distributable items' in Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR has been amended so that, since 
27 June 2019, the view can be taken that amounts previously blocked for distribution are no 
longer blocked under the CRR (as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus) for the 
purposes of determining the Available Distributable Items. However, the interpretation of the 
amended definition of 'distributable items' and its exact scope are, in the absence of a long 
established supervisory practice, subject to legal uncertainties and there can be no assurance 
that the Issuer may in practice be permitted to calculate the Available Distributable Items for 
the purpose of distributions under the Notes as described above. Hence, no assurance can 
be made as to, and investors should not rely on, the availability of the capital reserve and the 
amounts blocked for distributions under § 268 (8) or § 253 (6) of the German Commercial 
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) or any other amounts for increasing the Available Distributable 
Items in the future when determining whether Interest Payments will or will not accrue in light 
of the Available Distributable Items at that time. 
In addition, the Issuer is not prevented from issuing further Tier 1 Instruments with interest 
payments and other distributions potentially being made thereunder also prior to the Interest 
Payment Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) under the Notes in any financial year. 
This would reduce the Available Distributable Items available for making interest payments 
under the Notes on any Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, the Issuer is legally capable of 
influencing its ability to make Interest Payments to the detriment of the Noteholders. 
2.2.3 Interest Payments may be excluded and cancelled for regulatory reasons 
In accordance with Applicable Supervisory Regulations, certain regulatory requirements apply 
to the Issuer to hold regulatory capital, whereby a violation of these requirements may result 
in a prohibition or restriction of Interest Payments under statutory law or by virtue of a decision 
of a competent authority of the Issuer. As part of the SSM established within the eurozone by 
the SSM Regulation, the ECB is the primary and direct supervisory authority of so-called 
"significant" credit institutions such as the Issuer. In particular, the ECB supervises the Issuer 
in relation to the own funds requirements set forth in the CRR as well as in relation to the 
requirement to establish a proper business organisation, which includes, inter alia, having in 
place appropriate risk management processes, internal control mechanisms, remuneration 
policies and practices and effective internal capital adequacy assessment processes, as set 
forth in the KWG and transposed from the CRD. The BaFin has certain remaining supervisory 
tasks in relation to the Issuer. The CRR requires the Issuer to meet at all times, on a 
consolidated basis, a minimum amount of total own funds of 8% of the risk-weighted assets 
of the Issuer's group and also imposes minimum requirements for Tier 1 capital of 6% of risk-
weighted assets and Common Equity Tier 1 capital of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets (all within 
the meaning of the CRR and together the so-called "Pillar 1" requirement). The KWG also 
requires banks to build up a mandatory capital conservation buffer (Common Equity Tier 1 
capital amounting to 2.5 % of risk-weighted assets), and authorises the BaFin to require banks 
to build an additional countercyclical buffer (Common Equity Tier 1 capital of up to another 2.5 
% of risk-weighted assets) during periods of high credit growth.  
The countercyclical capital buffer must be determined individually for each institution and 
therefore depends on the counterparty's country of domicile and the country-specific amount 
of the buffer. The relevant countercyclical buffer for LBBW amounts to 0.72 % as of 30 June 
2024. A country-specific buffer may be imposed by the duly authorised authority of a European 
Economic Area (EEA) state and or a third country. As a rule, it amounts from 0% to 2.5% of 
the capital requirements resulting from this country. As of the date of this Base Prospectus,

--- Page 32 ---
30 
the additional countercyclical buffer, which applies in relation to exposures to counterparties 
situated in Germany, has been set by the BaFin to 0.75 % and a mandatory capital 
conservation buffer in the amount of 2.50 % of the risk-weighted assets applies. In addition, 
the BaFin may require banks to build up a systemic risk buffer (in Germany currently set at 2 
% of risk-weighted assets for domestic and third-country exposures) as a matter of prevention 
against long-term non-cyclical systemic or macro-prudential risks, in particular if risk aspects 
are not fully covered by the capital requirements under the CRR or if the risk-bearing capability 
is endangered. 
Other systemically important institutions ("O-SIIs") (such as the Issuer) may become subject 
to an additional CET1 capital buffer of up to 3 % of the total risk exposure amount. The 
systemic risk buffer and buffers for systemically important institutions are generally cumulative; 
the systemic risk buffer will apply on top of the buffers for systemically important institutions. 
LBBW has to maintain an O-SII buffer of 0.75 %. As of 30 June 2024, LBBW is subject to a 
combined capital buffer requirement of 4.07 %.  
If a bank fails to build up and maintain the required capital buffers, it will be subject to 
restrictions on payments on certain own funds instruments (such as paying dividends, for 
example), share buybacks, and discretionary compensation payments. Also, additional capital 
requirements in terms of capital buffers, increased requirements regarding liquidity and large 
exposures may be imposed on the basis of investigations and determinations within the 
powers and discretions by competent authorities given to them by law and also as a result of 
stress tests performed by them in the future and will regularly be one of the results emerging 
from the SREP. In addition, O-SIIs could be made subject to further regulatory measures, in 
particular relating to crisis management and taking respective preventive measures such as 
drawing up emergency and resolution plans. 
On the basis of the annual SREP, the ECB has imposed on the Issuer additional individual 
capital requirements referred to as "Pillar 2" requirements. According to the most recent SREP 
process, the ECB determined that LBBW is required to maintain a total SREP capital 
requirement ratio (TSCR) of 9.87 % at all times on a consolidated basis. The TSCR to be 
made up of CET1 capital is 5.55 %. The overall capital requirement ratio (OCR) to be made 
up of CET1 capital, which includes additionally the combined capital buffer requirement, is 
9.62 % as of 30 June 2024. If the Issuer fails to meet the buffer requirement, which is the case 
if the Issuer does not have sufficient total capital, Tier 1 capital, or Common Equity Tier 1 
capital in an amount needed to meet at the same time (a) its Pillar 1 minimum capital 
requirements under the CRR, (b) any additional capital requirements, such as the "Pillar 2" 
requirement imposed on the Issuer by the ECB on the basis of the annual SREP (currently 
1.87 %, thereof 1.05 % to be held as CET1), and (c) the sum of the capital buffers applicable 
to it, the Issuer will be required to calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount, notify such 
amount to BaFin and the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and prepare and 
submit to BaFin and the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) a capital conservation 
plan in which the Issuer needs to explain how to increase its own funds with the objective of 
meeting fully the combined buffer requirement. Until BaFin has approved the capital 
conservation plan, the Issuer will be prohibited from making any Interest Payments on the 
Notes. Upon approval of the capital conservation plan or upon specific approval of BaFin to 
do so, the Issuer will be entitled to make Interest Payments on the Notes, however only up to 
the amount of its Maximum Distributable Amount. The Maximum Distributable Amount is 
calculated as a percentage of the profits of the institution accrued since the last distribution of 
profits as further defined in § 37 (2) German Solvency Regulation (Solvabilitätsverordnung – 
SolvV). The applicable percentage is scaled according to the extent of the breach of the 
combined buffer requirement. As an example, if the scaling is in the bottom quartile of the 
combined buffer requirement, no Interest Payments or other discretionary distributions will be 
permitted to be made. As a consequence, in the event of breach of the combined buffer 
requirement it may be necessary to reduce discretionary payments, including potentially 
exercising the Issuer's discretion to cancel (in whole or in part) Interest Payments in respect

--- Page 33 ---
31 
of the Notes. LBBW regularly publishes the capital requirements relevant for the requirement 
to calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount based on the ECB's annual SREP decision 
as well as the capital buffer rates to which it is subject (with regard to the latest SREP decision, 
see also above).  
The AT1 capital of the LBBW Group amounted to EUR 744 million as at 30 June 2024. 
Including the AT1 shortfall of 1.06 percentage points, 10.68 % is the relevant threshold at 
which it would be required to calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount. As of 
30 June 2024, the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer was EUR 4,025. 
In addition and under certain conditions, the ECB may restrict or prohibit all or part of the 
Interest Payments as set forth in Article 16 (1) in connection with (2) point (i) SSM Regulation. 
Pursuant to Article 16 (1) SSM Regulation, the ECB has the powers set out in Article 16 (2) 
SSM Regulation to require a significant credit institution in a participating European Union 
Member State (such as the Issuer) to take the necessary measures at an early stage to 
address relevant problems in particular (a) when the credit institution does not meet the 
requirements of the CRR or the CRD, (b) when there is evidence that the credit institution is 
likely to breach these requirements within the next twelve months or (c) when, based on a 
determination, in the framework of a supervisory review that the arrangements, strategies, 
processes and mechanisms implemented by the credit institution and the own funds and 
liquidity held by it, a sound management and coverage of its risks is not ensured. Pursuant to 
Article 16 (2) point (i) SSM Regulation, the ECB has the power to restrict or prohibit 
distributions by the credit institution to shareholders, members or holders of Additional Tier 1 
Instruments where the prohibition does not constitute an event of default of the institution. 
Relevant cases where the ECB may restrict or prohibit the Issuer from making any Interest 
Payment exist, for example, if the Issuer does not meet the minimum own funds requirements 
set forth in the CRR or any additional capital requirements ordered by the ECB, such as the 
"Pillar 2" requirements set by the ECB as a result of the annual SREP.  
Further, the MREL framework under Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRMR II") confers certain supervisory powers to the 
Single Resolution Board and BaFin which allow them to, for example, prohibit payments on 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments. Subject to the requirements under the SRMR II, the Single 
Resolution Board may impose upon the Issuer a prohibition under which it would be prohibited 
to distribute more than the 'maximum distributable amount related to the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities' ("M-MDA"). The prohibition under the M-MDA may be 
imposed if the Issuer fails to meet the combined buffer requirement when considered in 
addition to the MREL requirements, and the Single Resolution Board shall exercise its power 
in case it finds that the Issuer still fails to meet such requirement nine months after such 
situation has been notified. Unlike under the Maximum Distributable Amount framework of the 
CRD, the M-MDA is not triggered automatically in the first nine-month period after having been 
notified of the failure to meet such requirement but may only be imposed by the Single 
Resolution Board in its discretion.  
Accordingly, even if the Issuer was intrinsically profitable and willing to make Interest 
Payments, it could be prevented from doing so by regulatory provisions and/or regulatory 
action. In all such instances, Noteholders would receive no, or reduced, Interest Payments on 
the relevant interest payment date. Please also see "2.3.2 The manner in which some 
aspects of the CRR/CRD and BRRD/SRMR framework may be applied in the future is 
uncertain.", "2.1.6 
The Notes may be written down (without prospect of a potential write-
up in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or converted into equity and 
the terms of the Notes may be varied to the detriment of the Noteholders, by the competent 
resolution authority." and "2.2.4 
Ongoing and future legislative reforms may lead to 
additional restrictions with regard to Interest Payments on the Notes."

--- Page 34 ---
32 
2.2.4 Ongoing and future legislative reforms may lead to additional restrictions with 
regard to Interest Payments on the Notes 
Financial institutions, such as LBBW, have been, and are expected to be in the future, subject 
to extensive regulation and it is possible that ongoing and future regulatory reforms may affect 
the treatment of the Notes. The CRR/CRD framework after its revision by the banking reform 
package in 2019 introduced a new potential restriction on distributions in case an institution 
qualifying as a G-SIB (as defined below) fails to meet a newly introduced leverage ratio 
requirement with sufficient Tier 1 capital. In such case, the institution would have to calculate 
the so-called 'leverage ratio related maximum distributable amount' ("L-MDA") in accordance 
with Article 141b CRD, which may limit distributions on capital instruments (including Interest 
Payments). An institution is considered to be failing the leverage ratio buffer requirement if the 
institution does not have Tier 1 capital in the amount required to meet the minimum leverage 
ratio requirement, the leverage ratio buffer requirement and any additional requirements 
imposed on the institution to address excessive leverage not sufficiently covered by the 
leverage ratio buffer requirement at the same time. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Issuer does not qualify as a G-SIB (as defined below), but is regarded an O-SII (as defined 
below) so that the leverage ratio framework does not apply to the Issuer. If the leverage ratio 
framework were to become applicable to the Issuer, this and also other legislative reforms in 
the future may impose or result in further restrictions on the Issuer's ability to make payments 
on the Notes or may limit the reinstatement of the nominal amount of the Notes following a 
Write-down (as defined below). Further, in case of Notes with a Rate of Interest calculated by 
application of a Reference Rate based on Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations or the yield for 
United States Treasury Securities at constant maturity, as the case may be (as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms and each as defined in § 5 (3) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), 
additional restrictions on the Issuer's ability to make interest payments may result from 
international reforms and proposals for reform of Benchmarks, such as the Benchmarks 
Regulation as further described under "Interest Payments may be linked to a benchmark and 
are therefore exposed to the risks of financial benchmarks and reference rate continuity; a 
discontinuity of the original benchmark rate (including a material alteration of the methodology 
for its calculation) could lead to Interest Payments under the Notes effectively becoming fixed 
rate instruments due to fall-back provisions". Such restrictions may in turn adversely impact 
the trading price and the liquidity of the Notes. 
2.2.5 Noteholders are exposed to risks relating to the reset of interest rates based on 
the relevant rate applicable under the Notes. A reset of interest rates may result 
in a decline of yield 
From and including the relevant first Reset Date to but excluding the date on which the Issuer 
redeems the Notes in whole, but not in part, pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, the Notes generally entitle the Noteholders to interest at a rate which will be determined 
on each Reset Date at the reference rate (as further specified in the Final Terms) in a 
commercially reasonable manner, plus the initial credit spread. Unless previously redeemed, 
creditors of securities paying a fixed interest rate which will be reset during the term of the 
securities, as will be the case for the Notes, are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income. Potential investors should be aware that the performance 
of the relevant reference rate (such as the relevant swap rate for swap transactions or the 
relevant yield for United States Treasury Securities at constant maturity) cannot be 
anticipated. Due to varying interest income and the Issuer's option to generally cancel Interest 
Payments, potential investors are not able to determine a definite yield to maturity of the Notes 
at the time of purchase. Therefore, their return on investment cannot be compared with that 
of investments with longer fixed interest rate periods. Potential investors in the Notes should 
bear in mind that neither the current nor the historical level of the relevant reference rate (such 
as the relevant swap rate for swap transactions or the relevant yield for United States Treasury 
Securities at constant maturity) is an indication of its future development. Furthermore, during 
each Interest Period, there remains a risk of decreasing prices of the Notes as a result of

--- Page 35 ---
33 
changes in the market interest rate. This is because the market interest rate fluctuates. During 
each of these periods, the Noteholders are exposed to the risks as described under 
"Resettable fixed rate securities have a market risk." 
2.2.6 The Issuer's interests may not be aligned with those of Noteholders 
The calculation of the consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, the Available 
Distributable Items and the Maximum Distributable Amount will depend in part on decisions 
made by the Issuer and/or other entities of the LBBW Group relating to their businesses and 
operations, as well as the management of their capital position. The Issuer and/or other 
entities of the LBBW Group will have no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in 
connection with their strategic decisions, including in respect of capital management and the 
relationship among the various entities of the LBBW Group and its group structure. The Issuer 
may decide not to raise capital at a time when it is feasible to do so, even if that would result 
in the occurrence of a Trigger Event. Moreover, in order to avoid the use of public resources, 
the competent authority may decide that the Issuer should allow a Trigger Event to occur at a 
time when it is feasible to avoid it. Noteholders will not have any claim against the Issuer 
and/or other entities of the LBBW Group relating to decisions that affect the capital position of 
the Issuer and/or the LBBW Group, regardless of whether they result in the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event. Such decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or part of their investment 
in the Notes. 
2.3 
Regulatory Risks 
Regulatory risks comprise mainly risks associated with the regulatory treatment of the Notes. 
2.3.1 The Issuer's consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and the Maximum 
Distributable Amounts will be affected by a number of factors, any of which may 
be outside the control of the Issuer, as well as by its business decisions and, in 
making such decisions, the interests of the Issuer may not be aligned with those 
of the Noteholders 
The calculation of the Issuer’s consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio and the 
Maximum Distributable Amounts will be affected by a number of factors, including changes in 
the mix of the LBBW Group's business, major events affecting its earnings, dividend payments 
by the Issuer, regulatory changes such as the introduction of an "output floor", whereby banks 
constrained by that are required to use "floored" risk weighted assets to compute capital ratios, 
including those relevant to the determination of whether or not a Trigger Event has occurred, 
as contemplated by the so-called Basel IV reforms which set a floor in capital requirements 
calculated under internal models in terms of a percentage of the capital requirements that 
would result under the standardised approach.  
Such ratio will also depend on the LBBW Group's decision relating to its businesses and 
operations, as well as the management of its capital position, and may be affected by changes 
in applicable accounting rules or by changes to regulatory adjustments which modify the 
regulatory capital impact of accounting rules. For example, the Issuer may decide not to raise 
capital at a time when it is feasible to do so, even if that would result in the occurrence of a 
Trigger Event. Moreover, the consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio will depend in part on 
decisions made by the Issuer and other entities in the LBBW Group relating to their businesses 
and operations as well as the management of their capital position. The Issuer will have no 
obligation to consider the interest of the Noteholders in connection with its strategic decisions, 
including in respect of capital management. Noteholders will not have a claim against the 
Issuer or any other member of the LBBW Group relating to decisions that affect the business 
and operations of the LBBW Group, including its capital positions, regardless of whether they 
result in the occurrence of a Trigger Event. Following the occurrence of a Trigger Event, such 
decisions could cause Noteholders to lose all or part of the value of their investment in the 
Notes (see also "2.1.3 The redemption amount and the nominal amount of the Notes will be 
reduced under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event

--- Page 36 ---
34 
which may result in lower Interest Payments as well as lower principal payments upon 
repayment of the Notes. In case of a reduction of the redemption amount and the nominal 
amount of the Notes to zero, this may result in a full loss of the money invested in the Notes. 
Any indication that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of the Issuer is moving towards 
the level of a Trigger Event may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Notes"). In 
addition, in the event of a reduction of the consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio, 
the Issuer may be required to reduce or cancel Interest Payments under the Notes for 
regulatory reasons (see "2.2.3 
Interest Payments may be excluded and cancelled for 
regulatory reasons."), including as a result of ongoing and future legislative reforms (see "2.2.4
 
Ongoing and future legislative reforms may lead to additional restrictions with regard 
to Interest Payments on the Notes"). 
2.3.2 The manner in which some aspects of the CRR/CRD and BRRD/SRMR framework 
may be applied in the future is uncertain 
Many of the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes depend on the final 
interpretation or even implementation of amendments to the CRR/CRD and BRRD/SRMR 
(including any regulations promulgated thereunder). The CRR/CRD and BRRD/SRMR 
framework is a complex set of rules and regulations that impose a series of requirements, 
some of which are still subject to transitional provisions and others will be amended in the near 
future. Although CRR and SRMR are directly applicable in each EU Member State, they 
provide for important interpretational issues to be further specified through binding technical 
standards and/or delegated legal acts and through guidelines and leaves certain other matters 
to the discretion of the competent authority. In addition, the LBBW Group is subject to direct 
supervision of the ECB. The manner in which many of the concepts and requirements under 
CRR/CRD, BRRD/SRMR and amendments of the framework are applied to the LBBW Group 
remains somehow uncertain. In particular, the interplay between the SREP requirements and 
the Maximum Distributable Amount as well as the determination of the Maximum Distributable 
Amount are complex. The Maximum Distributable Amount imposes a cap on the Issuer's ability 
to make discretionary payments including Interest Payments on the Notes (see also "2.2.3 
Interest Payments may be excluded and cancelled for regulatory reasons."), on the Issuer's 
ability to reinstate the current nominal amount of the Notes following a Write-down and on its 
ability to redeem or repurchase Notes. There are a number of factors for the complexity of the 
determination of the Maximum Distributable Amount (see also "2.2.2 Interest Payments 
depend, among other things, on the Issuer’s Available Distributable Items"), including (but not 
limited to) the following: 
 
The Maximum Distributable Amount framework applies when certain capital buffers are 
not maintained (see also "2.2.3 Interest Payments may be excluded and cancelled for 
regulatory reasons."). A 'capital buffer' is an amount of capital that a credit institution is 
required to maintain beyond the minimum amount required by applicable regulations. If 
the institution fails to meet the capital buffer, it becomes subject to restrictions on payments 
and distributions on Tier 1 instruments (including its ability to make payments on and to 
redeem and repurchase Additional Tier 1 instruments such as the Notes), and on the 
payment of certain bonuses to employees. As set out above, there are several different 
buffers, some of which are intended to encourage countercyclical behaviour (with extra 
capital retained when profits are robust), and others which are intended to provide 
additional capital cushions for institutions whose failure would result in a significant 
systemic risk. 
 
Certain capital buffers (see also "2.2.3 Interest Payments may be excluded and 
cancelled for regulatory reasons.") depend and will depend on the macro-economic 
situation (in case of the (institution-specific) countercyclical buffer: the credit cycle and 
risks due to excess credit growth in an European Union Member State, taking into account 
specificities of the national economy), the existence of systemic risks (in case of the 
systemic risk buffer) or because of the assessment of a credit institution/its group as a 
global systemically important bank ("G-SIB") or other systemically important institution ("O-

--- Page 37 ---
35 
SII") (in case of the G-SIB buffer and the O-SII buffer). As a result, it is difficult to predict 
when the Maximum Distributable Amount will apply to the Notes, and to what extent. 
Presently, the Issuer does not qualify as a G-SIB, but is regarded an O-SII. 
The Issuer will have the discretion to determine how to allocate the Maximum Distributable 
Amount among the different types of payments contemplated in Article 141 (2) CRD. 
Moreover, payments made earlier in the relevant period will reduce the remaining Maximum 
Distributable Amount available for payments later in the relevant period, and the Issuer will 
have no obligation to preserve any portion of the Maximum Distributable Amount for payments 
scheduled to be made later in a given period. Even if the Issuer attempts to do so, there can 
be no assurance that it will be successful, because the Maximum Distributable Amount will 
depend on the amount of profits earned during the course of the relevant period, which will be 
difficult to predict. These issues and other possible issues of interpretation make it difficult to 
determine how the Maximum Distributable Amount will apply as a practical matter to limit 
Interest Payments on the Notes, the reinstatement of the nominal amount of the Notes 
following a Write-down and the ability of the Issuer to redeem and repurchase Notes. This 
uncertainty and the resulting complexity may adversely impact the trading price and the 
liquidity of the Notes.  
2.3.3 Interest Payments may be linked to a benchmark and are therefore exposed to 
the risks of financial benchmarks and reference rate continuity; a discontinuity 
of the original benchmark rate (including a material alteration of the 
methodology for its calculation) could lead to Interest Payments under the Notes 
effectively becoming fixed rate instruments due to fall-back provisions 
The rate of interest payable under the Notes will reset on each Reset Date (as specified in the 
Final Terms) and be calculated by reference to the reference rate (specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) such as the swap rate for swap transactions specified in the Final Terms or the 
yield for United States Treasury Securities at constant maturity set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Original Benchmark Rate"). The Original Benchmark Rate and other interest 
rates or other types of rates and indices may qualify as a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 ("Benchmarks Regulation") and be administered and provided 
by a regulated benchmarks administrator (an "Administrator"), which appears on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation.  
The Original Benchmark Rate and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be a "benchmark" ("Benchmark") have become the subject of regulatory 
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause the relevant Benchmark to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The Benchmarks 
Regulation could have a material impact on the Notes, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does 
not obtain authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to applicable 
transitional provisions) does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions, is not "recognised" 
pending such a decision and is not "endorsed" for such purpose. In such event, depending 
on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be de-
listed, adjusted, redeemed (subject to the Applicable Supervisory Regulations) prior to 
maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including calculation agent 
determination of the rate or level of such Benchmark.

--- Page 38 ---
36 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, certain Benchmark fall-back provisions will 
apply in case of the following events (each a "Benchmark Event"): (i) It becomes unlawful for 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to use the Original Benchmark Rate, (ii) the administrator 
of the Original Benchmark Rate ceases to calculate and publish the Original Benchmark Rate 
permanently or for an indefinite period of time or the administrator or its supervisory or 
regulatory authority publishes a statement which states that the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate will cease to calculate and publish the Original Benchmark Rate permanently 
or for an indefinite period of time, (iii) the administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate 
publishes a statement or information that a material change in the methodology of calculating 
the Original Benchmark Rate has occurred or will occur within a specified period, provided 
that (where applicable) such period of time has lapsed, (iv) the administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate becomes insolvent or an insolvency, a bankruptcy, restructuring or similar 
proceeding (affecting the administrator) is commenced by the administrator or its supervisory 
or regulatory authority, (v) a public statement by the supervisory or regulatory authority of the 
administrator of the Original Benchmark Rate is made announcing that the Original 
Benchmark Rate is no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, capable of 
being representative, or is non-representative, of the underlying market and economic reality 
which the Original Benchmark is intended to measure, or (vi) the Original Benchmark Rate is 
otherwise being discontinued or otherwise ceases to be provided.  
The fall-back provisions will however not apply if and to the extent that (i) as a result of such 
adjustment the Issuer would be entitled to redeem the Notes for regulatory reasons and/or (ii) 
such adjustment would prejudice the qualification of the Notes as eligible liabilities or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments for the purposes of a bank resolution. The application of these 
fall-back provisions could result in the Notes effectively becoming fixed rate instruments.  
Uncertainty as to the continuation of the Original Benchmark Rate and the rate that would be 
applicable in case of a Benchmark Event in relation to the Original Benchmark Rate may 
adversely affect the trading market and the value of the Notes. At this time, it is not possible 
to predict the future effect of these developments or their impact on the value of the Notes.  
In addition to the aforementioned reform, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. Following the implementation of any such 
potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result 
that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, 
or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a 
Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could have material 
adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any 
such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the 
disappearance of certain benchmarks. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any 
of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method 
for determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes whose interest 
is linked to the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware that they face the risk that any 
changes to the relevant Benchmark and any determination of a successor or alternative 
reference rate in case of a discontinuation of the relevant Benchmark may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under Notes whose rate of interest is 
linked to a Benchmark. 
2.4 
Liquidity and Market Risks

--- Page 39 ---
37 
Liquidity and market risks comprise mainly risks resulting from a decrease of the market value 
of the Notes in the secondary market, the ability to trade the Notes on a market and limitations 
in connection therewith. 
2.4.1 Risk of a change in market value 
The market value of the Notes is influenced by a change in the creditworthiness (or the 
perception thereof) of the Issuer and by the credit rating of the Issuer and a number of other 
factors including, but not limited to, market interest, rate of return, certain market expectations 
with regard to the Issuer making use of a right to call the Notes for redemption and the right 
not to pay interest on the Note. The value of the Notes depends on a number of interacting 
factors. These include economic and political events in Germany or elsewhere as well as 
scenarios which generally affect the capital markets and the stock exchanges on which the 
Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder can sell the Notes might be considerably 
below the issue price or the purchase price paid by such Noteholder. Hence, there is a 
significant risk that a Noteholder will lose all or some of its investment. 
2.4.2 Resettable fixed rate securities have a market risk 
A holder of fixed rate securities is particularly exposed to the risk that the price of such 
securities falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. While the nominal interest 
rate of the Notes is fixed until the relevant first Reset Date and will thereafter be reset on each 
Reset Date on the basis of the Original Benchmark Rate plus the relevant margin as set out 
in the terms and conditions, the current interest rate on the capital market (the "market 
interest rate") typically changes on a daily basis. These changes of the market interest rate 
result in changes of the price of the Notes. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
the fixed rate Notes would typically fall. If the market interest rate falls, the price of the fixed 
rate Notes would typically increase. Potential investors should be aware that movements in 
these market interest rates can adversely affect the market price of the Notes and can lead to 
losses for Noteholders seeking to sell the Notes.  
In addition, the initial credit spread of the Issuer has not yet been determined. A credit spread 
is the margin payable by the Issuer to the Noteholders as a premium for the assumed credit 
risk of the Issuer. Credit spreads are offered and sold as premiums on current risk-free interest 
rates or as discounts on the price. The following factors may affect the credit spread, including, 
but not limited to: creditworthiness and rating of the Issuer, probability of default, recovery rate, 
liquidity situation, general level of interest rates, overall economic developments, and the 
currency, in which the relevant obligation is denominated, may also have a positive or negative 
effect. Investors are exposed to the risk that the credit spread of the Issuer widens, resulting 
in a decrease in the price of the Notes. Hence, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder will 
lose all or some of its investment. 
2.4.3 The Notes may be traded with accrued interest, but under certain circumstances 
described above, subsequent Interest Payments may not be made in full or in 
part 
The Notes may trade, and the prices for the Notes may appear on trading systems on which 
the Notes are traded, with accrued interest. If this occurs, purchasers of Notes in the 
secondary market will pay a price that includes such accrued interest upon the purchase of 
the Notes. However, if an Interest Payment is cancelled (in whole or in part) in relation to an 
Interest Payment Date, purchasers of such Notes will not be entitled to an Interest Payment 
(in full or in part, as the case may be), and will not receive any compensation for an increased 
price paid due to accrued interest. 
2.4.4 The Notes may be subject to currency risks  
A holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency are exposed to the risk of changes in 
currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. A change in the value of 
any foreign currency (for example USD, SGD or AUD) against the Euro, for example, will result

--- Page 40 ---
38 
in a corresponding change in the Euro value of a Note denominated in a currency other than 
Euro (for example USD, SGD or AUD) and a corresponding change in the Euro value of 
interest and principal payments made in a currency other than Euro in accordance with the 
terms of such Note. If the (underlying) exchange rate falls and the value of the Euro 
correspondingly rises, the price of the Note and the value of interest and principal payments 
made thereunder expressed in Euro falls. Hence, there is a significant risk that a Noteholder 
will lose all or some of its investment. 
2.4.5 The Notes are subject to inflation risk 
The inflation risk is the risk of future money depreciation. The real yield from an investment is 
reduced by inflation. The higher the rate of inflation, the lower the real yield on a Note. If the 
inflation is equal to or higher than the nominal yield, the real yield is zero or even negative in 
which case a Noteholder will lose some of its investment. 
2.4.6 Notes may be subject to no active trading market. 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market. If the Notes are traded after their 
initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial condition of the Issuer. Although application has been made for the Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, there is no 
assurance that such application will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be 
so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance 
as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes 
which in turn may lead to a decreasing market value of the Notes and the risk of a Noteholders’ 
loss. 
2.4.7 The Secondary Market Generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their 
Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes and may lead to a 
decreasing market value of the Notes and the risk of a Noteholders’ loss. 
2.4.8 Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders (in 
particular given that the Issuer acts as a calculation agent), in particular with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during 
the term of the Notes. Such conflicts may lead to a decreasing market value of the Notes and 
the risk of a Noteholders’ loss. 
2.4.9 Independent Review and Advice 
Each potential investor must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of 
the Notes is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the 
beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with 
all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes 
as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or if it 
is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear

--- Page 41 ---
39 
and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. The Issuer disclaims any 
responsibility to advise potential investors of any matters arising under the law of the country 
in which they reside that may affect the purchase of, or holding of, or the receipt of payments 
or deliveries on the Notes. If a potential investor does not inform itself in an appropriate manner 
with regard to an investment in the Notes, the investor risks disadvantages in the context of 
its investment. 
2.4.10 Risks resulting from measures under the German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities 
Risks resulting from measures under the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Gesetz 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") comprise mainly risks 
associated with majority votes pursuant to the SchVG. 
2.4.11 The Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including the terms of payment of 
principal and interest are subject to amendments by way of majority resolutions 
of the Noteholders, and any such resolution will be binding for all Noteholders. 
In case of an appointment of a joint representative, the individual right of a 
Noteholder of Notes to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes may be limited 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Noteholders may consent by majority 
resolution to amendments of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, subject to compliance 
with the requirements set by regulatory laws and in accordance with and subject to the SchVG. 
The voting process under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be governed in 
accordance with the SchVG, pursuant to which the required participation of Noteholder votes 
(quorum) is principally set at 50 per cent of the aggregate nominal amount of outstanding 
notes in a vote without a meeting. In case there is no sufficient quorum in the vote without a 
meeting, there is no minimum quorum requirement in a second meeting or voting on the same 
resolution (unless the resolution to be passed requires a qualified majority, in which case 
Noteholders representing at least 25 per cent of outstanding Notes by nominal amount must 
participate in the meeting or voting). As the relevant majority for Noteholders' resolutions is 
generally based on votes cast, rather than on nominal amount of Notes outstanding, the 
aggregate nominal amount such Notes required to vote in favour of an amendment will vary 
based on the Noteholders' votes participating. Therefore, a Noteholder is subject to the risk of 
being outvoted by a majority resolution of such Noteholders and losing rights towards the 
Issuer against his will in the event that Noteholders holding a sufficient aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes participate in the vote and agree to amend the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes or on other matters relating to the Notes by majority vote in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the SchVG. As such majority resolution is binding on 
all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting 
and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority, certain rights of such 
Noteholder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be amended 
or reduced or even cancelled. Such amendments might be to the detriment of any Noteholder. 
In addition, the Noteholders' rights to convene a Noteholders' meeting and to solicit a 
Noteholders' resolution are limited as, pursuant to § 9 (1) of the SchVG, a Noteholders' 
meeting will only be convened if Noteholders jointly holding at least 5% of the outstanding 
Notes request such convocation in writing stating their particular interest in convening such a 
meeting. 
2.4.12 If a joint representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) is appointed for the Notes, the 
Noteholders may be deprived of their individual right to pursue and enforce their 
rights under the terms and conditions against the Issuer 
In case of an appointment of a joint representative (gemeinsamer Vertreter) for all 
Noteholders, it is possible that a Noteholder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue 
and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes against the Issuer, such

--- Page 42 ---
40 
right passing to the joint representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and 
enforce the rights of all the Noteholders. Hence, Noteholders are exposed to the risk that they 
are deprived from their individual rights to pursue and enforce their rights under the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
2.5 
Tax risks  
Tax risks comprise mainly risks resulting from the tax treatment of the Notes. 
2.5.1 General 
The Base Prospectus contains a general description of certain tax considerations relating to 
the Notes (see "Taxation"), based upon the law as in effect on the date of the Base Prospectus 
and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. It does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes, whether in those 
countries or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes 
and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. A tax treatment of the 
Notes might be detrimental to the expectations of Noteholders and may lead to a lower yield 
than anticipated. 
2.5.2 The Notes may be subject to withholding tax which will not be grossed-up, 
including withholding tax pursuant to FATCA  
Investors should be aware that duties, other taxes and expenses, including any stamp duty, 
depositary charges, transaction charges and other charges, may be levied in accordance with 
the laws and practices in the countries where the Notes are transferred and that it is the 
obligation of an investor to pay all such duties, other taxes and expenses. 
All payments made under the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for, any present or future taxes imposed by the Issuer's country of incorporation 
(or any authority or political subdivision thereof or therein), unless such withholding or 
deduction is imposed or required by law. If any such withholding or deduction is imposed and 
required by law, the Issuer will, in limited circumstances, be required to pay additional amounts 
in respect of payments of interest, but not in respect of payment of any principal to cover the 
amounts so withheld or deducted ("Additional Amounts") and such event would allow the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part as further specified in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
With respect to Notes issued by LBBW acting through its New York branch, the Issuer may, 
under certain circumstances, be required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the regulations promulgated thereunder 
("FATCA") to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30.00 per cent. on payments of interest to foreign 
financial institutions unless the payee foreign financial institution certifies that it is eligible to 
receive such payments free of FATCA withholding. Payments of interest made to certain non 
financial foreign entities that do not disclose certain information about any substantial U.S. 
owners (or certify that they do not have any substantial U.S. owners) may also be subject to 
withholding at the rate of 30.00 per cent. under FATCA. 
With respect to Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as 
equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes issued by a member of the LBBW 
Group other than the New York branch of LBBW six months after the date on which the term 
"foreign passthru payment" is defined in U.S. Treasury regulations published in the U.S. 
Federal Register (the "Passthru Payment Grandfathering Date") or in the case of open end 
instruments issued at any time, the Issuer may under certain circumstances, be required under 
FATCA to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30.00 per cent. on all or a portion of payments of 
principal and interest which are treated as "passthru payments" made on or after the date that 
is two years after the date on which financial regulations defining the term "foreign passthru

--- Page 43 ---
41 
payment" are published in the U.S. Federal Register to foreign financial institutions unless the 
payee foreign financial institution certifies that it is eligible to receive payments free of FATCA 
withholdings. 
FATCA withholding may also be required with respect to Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes 
that are issued before the Passthru Payment Grandfathering Date, that are "significantly 
modified" for U.S. federal income tax purposes after the Passthru Payment Grandfathering 
Date. In addition, FATCA withholding may be required if the Issuer creates and issues further 
Notes in a manner that does not constitute a "qualified reopening" for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes after the Passthru Payment Grandfathering Date that are consolidated and form a 
single series with the outstanding Notes as permitted by § 9 of the Terms and Conditions. 
Germany has entered into an intergovernmental agreement (an "IGA") with the United States 
to help implement FATCA for certain German financial institutions. The Issuer will be required 
to report certain information on its U.S. account holders to Germany in order (i) to obtain an 
exemption from FATCA withholding on payments it receives and/or (ii) to comply with any 
applicable German law. It is not yet certain how the United States and Germany will address 
withholding on "foreign passthru payments" which may include payments on Notes (other than 
Notes issued by the New York branch of the Bank) or if such withholding will be required at 
all. 
If applicable, FATCA will be addressed in an annex to the relevant Final Terms with respect 
to Notes issued after the Passthru Payment Grandfathering Date. If an amount in respect of 
U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest or other payments on the 
Notes as a result of a Noteholder’s failure to comply with FATCA, none of the Issuer, any 
paying agent or any other person would pursuant to the conditions of the Notes be required to 
pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding of such tax. 
2.5.3 Change in tax law 
 
Investors should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation 
authorities may be subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect, and that this could 
negatively affect the value of the Notes. Any such change may cause the tax treatment of the 
Notes to change from the tax position at the time of purchase and may render the statements 
in this Base Prospectus concerning the relevant tax law and practice to be inaccurate or 
insufficient to cover the material tax considerations in respect of the Notes. 
The German Federal Ministry of Finance issued on 4 November 2021 a decree regarding the 
tax treatment of AT1 Instruments (the "Decree"). According to the wording of the Decree, the 
principles set out therein were meant to only apply to certain specimen terms and conditions 
as attached to the Decree. Notwithstanding, it is not possible to predict the precise tax 
treatment which will apply at any given time including and after the Issue Date due to changes 
in tax law and relevant jurisprudence. This also holds true for the German rules on hybrid 
mismatch arrangements that have been enacted with effect from 2020 onwards and transpose 
the so-called 'Anti Tax Avoidance Directive' (Directive (EU) No. 2016/1164 or "ATAD") into 
national law. Under such rules, interest payments made under certain hybrid arrangements 
are not tax deductible as business expenses of the payor if the corresponding results of the 
payee are non-taxable or only taxable to a limited extent in another country. The Issuer is of 
the opinion that the deductibility of the interest expenses under the Notes should not be limited 
by these rules as the applicable credit spread will be determined by means of a process as is 
standard for such type of issuance which will result in a marketable interest rate for the 
respective Notes at the time of their issuance. In particular, this determination will be made 
regardless of whether the corresponding interest income is fully taxable or tax exempt. 
However, absent a precise definition and, at this point, relevant case law and administrative 
guidance, it cannot be ruled out that the Notes are to be classified as a "structured 
arrangement" (strukturierte Gestaltung) that falls within the scope of these rules. If this were

--- Page 44 ---
42 
the case, the Issuer would not be allowed to deduct its interest expenses under the Notes to 
the extent the related interest income is at the level of the Noteholders not taxed at all or 
subject to a lower taxation due to a deviating characterization of the Notes. 
A change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes may give the Issuer the right to redeem 
the Notes for reasons of taxation (see 2.1.8 The Notes may be redeemed at the Issuer's option 
(subject to the prior permission of the competent authority), which may result in a lower yield 
than expected, and, due to any previous Write-downs that have not been fully written up, in 
the cases of a redemption for regulatory or tax reasons the amount to be repaid under the 
Notes, if any, may be substantially lower than the Original Nominal Amount of the Notes, and 
may also be reduced to zero which would result in a full loss of all money invested in the 
Notes.)  
In addition, a letter by the European Commission to the Permanent Representation of the 
Netherlands to the European Union dated 22 June 2018 has raised concerns whether the tax 
deductibility of payments on AT1 Instruments constitute a preferential treatment of their 
issuers which would fall within state aid regulations and may be unjustified pursuant to such 
regulations. There has not been a comparable communication by the European Commission 
or a ruling on this issue by the European Court of Justice with regard to German tax law. In 
the view of the Issuer, the tax deductibility of payments on AT1 Instruments in Germany does 
not violate state aid regulations as the tax deductibility follows from general principles of 
German tax laws and not from a preferential treatment under German tax law specifically 
applicable to financial institutions as was previously the case in the Netherlands. However, if 
the European Commission came to a different conclusion, this could result in interest 
payments no longer being deductible and may give the Issuer the right to redeem the Notes 
for reasons of taxation.

--- Page 45 ---
43 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following 
documents, all of which have been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com) 
and 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.lbbw.de/financial_information) and shall be deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) LBBW Half-yearly financial report 2024 as of 30 June 2024 prepared 
in accordance with Section 115 of the German Securities Trading Act 
("WpHG") including the condensed interim financial statements 
prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards ("IFRS") applicable to interim financial reporting as 
adopted by the EU (the "2024 Half-yearly financial report") 
Page(s) 
First table in the section "Key figures of the LBBW Group" 
3 
Interim Group Management Report (excluding the "Forecast and 
opportunity report" on p. 30 - 33) 
8 - 29 
Income statement 
36 
Statement of comprehensive income 
37 
Statement of financial position 
38 
Statement of changes in equity 
39 
Condensed cashflow statement 
40 
Selected explanatory notes to the consolidated interim financial 
statements  
41 - 89 
Review report 
92 
The referenced review report, prepared in compliance with the German Generally Accepted 
Standards for Reviews of Financial Statements promulgated by the Institut der 
Wirtschaftsprüfer ("IDW"), refers to the complete condensed interim financial statements, 
comprising the income statement, the statement of comprehensive income, the statement of 
financial position as at 30 June 2024, the statement of changes in equity, the condensed cash 
flow statement and selected explanatory notes to the consolidated interim financial statements 
and the interim group management report of Landesbank Baden-Württemberg for the period 
from 1 January to 30 June 2024, that are part of the half-year financial report of LBBW. The 
condensed interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS 
applicable to interim financial reporting as adopted by the EU. The interim group management 
report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the WpHG applicable to 
interim group management reports. The referenced review report, the condensed interim 
consolidated financial statements and the interim group management report are translations 
of the respective German-language documents. 
(2) 
LBBW Annual Report including the consolidated financial 
statements in respect of the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional 
requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) 
German Commercial Code ("HGB") (the "Consolidated Annual Report 
2022") 
Page(s) 
Key figures of the LBBW Group 
2 
Combined management report, with the exception of the forecast and 
opportunity report on pages 80 to 83 
22-120

--- Page 46 ---
44 
Income statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 
123 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 
2022 
124 
Statement of financial position as at 31 December 2022 
125-126 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2022 
127 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 
128-129 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2022 
130-248 
Positions held 
246 
Independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) for the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2022 
249-257 
The referenced auditors' report, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refers to the 
complete consolidated financial statements, comprising the statement of financial position as 
at 31 December 2022, the income statement, the statement of comprehensive income, the 
statement of changes in equity, the cash flow statement and notes, together with the combined 
management report of Landesbank Baden-Württemberg for the financial year from 1 January 
to 31 December 2022, respectively. The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of 
German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB. The combined management 
report has been prepared in accordance with German legal requirements. The referenced 
auditors' report, the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report 
are translations of the respective German-language documents. 
(3) 
LBBW Annual Report including the consolidated financial 
statements in respect of the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional 
requirements of German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) 
HGB (the "Consolidated Annual Report 2023") 
Page(s) 
Key figures of the LBBW Group 
2 
Combined management report, with the exception of the forecast and 
opportunity report on pages 79 to 82 
21-127 
Income statement for the year ended 31 December 2023 
130 
Statement of comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 
2023 
131 
Statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023 
132 - 133 
Statement of changes in equity for the year ended 31 December 2023 
134 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 2023 
135-136 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023 
137-249 
Positions held 
239-244 
Independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) for the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2023 
252-259 
The referenced auditors' report, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refers to the 
complete consolidated financial statements, comprising the statement of financial position as 
at 31 December 2023, the income statement, the statement of comprehensive income, the

--- Page 47 ---
45 
statement of changes in equity, the cash flow statement and notes, together with the combined 
management report of Landesbank Baden-Württemberg for the financial year from 1 January 
to 31 December 2023, respectively. The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of 
German commercial law pursuant to Section 315e (1) HGB. The combined management 
report has been prepared in accordance with German legal requirements. The referenced 
auditors' report, the consolidated financial statements and the combined management report 
are translations of the respective German-language documents. 
(4) 
LBBW annual financial statements in respect of the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with HGB (the 
"Unconsolidated Annual Report 2022") 
Page(s) 
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2022 
5 - 8 
Income Statement for the period 1 January to 31 December 2022 
9 - 10 
Notes for the period 1 January to 31 December 2022 
11 - 52 
Auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2022 
55 – 63 
The referenced auditors' reports, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refer to the 
complete financial statements, comprising the balance sheet, income statement and notes, 
together with the combined management report of Landesbank Baden-Württemberg for the 
financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2022. The referenced auditors' reports, the 
annual financial statements and the combined management report are translations of the 
respective German-language documents. 
(5) 
LBBW annual financial statements in respect of the fiscal year 
ended 31 December 2023 prepared in accordance with HGB (the 
"Unconsolidated Annual Report 2023") 
Page(s) 
Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2023 
5 - 8 
Income Statement for the period 1 January to 31 December 2023 
9 - 10 
Notes for the period 1 January to 31 December 2023 
11 - 50 
Auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) for the fiscal year ended 
31 December 2023 
53 - 60 
The referenced auditors' reports, prepared in accordance with Section 322 HGB, refer to the 
complete financial statements, comprising the balance sheet, income statement and notes, 
together with the combined management report of Landesbank Baden-Württemberg for the 
financial year from 1 January to 31 December 2023. The referenced auditors' reports, the 
annual financial statements and the combined management report are translations of the 
respective German-language documents. 
Any information, not contained in the cross reference list above, but included in the documents 
incorporated by reference, is not incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for an 
investor or covered in another part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt: Any document that has been incorporated by reference into one 
of the documents included in the cross reference list above, shall not be deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
The documents containing the information incorporated by reference are available free of 
charge by the Issuer and are published in electronic form on the Issuer's website www.lbbw.de 
and can be accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
(1) 
2024 Half-yearly financial report:

--- Page 48 ---
46 
www.lbbw.de/halfyearlyreport2024  
(2) 
Consolidated Annual Report 2022: 
www.lbbw.de/annualreport22  
(3) 
Consolidated Annual Report 2023: 
www.lbbw.de/annualreport23  
(4) 
Unconsolidated Annual Report 2022:  
www.lbbw.de/individualclosing22  
(5) 
Unconsolidated Annual Report 2023: 
www.lbbw.de/individualclosing23  
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of any Notes and in compliance with 
its obligations under the Prospectus Regulation, that if there shall occur any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus in the business or financial position of such Issuer or any information set out under 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" that is material in the context of issuance under the 
Programme which is not reflected in this Base Prospectus (or any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) the Issuer will prepare or procure the 
preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering by the Issuer of Notes 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg, provide upon the 
oral or written request, free of charge, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). Written or oral requests for such 
documents should be directed to the registered office of the Issuer or the specified office of 
the Listing Agent in Luxembourg.

--- Page 49 ---
47 
FINAL TERMS 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of 
the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued 
under the Programme, the Issuer has endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of 
the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at 
the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual 
issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which 
is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes 
may be contained in the relevant Final Terms.  
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, this Base Prospectus must be 
read in conjunction with such Final Terms. The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and Conditions 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 50 ---
48 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
Issue Procedures for the Notes 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the Terms and Conditions applicable to 
each particular Tranche of Notes, which will be constituted by the "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes", as completed by the provisions of the applicable Final Terms as provided below. 
The terms and conditions of the Notes are set forth in the following four options (each an 
"Option" and, together, the "Options"): 
Option I applies to Additional Tier 1 Notes denominated in EUR. 
Option II applies to Additional Tier 1 Notes denominated in USD. 
Option III applies to Additional Tier 1 Notes denominated in SGD. 
Option IV applies to Additional Tier 1 Notes denominated in AUD. 
Each set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes contains, for the relevant Option, in certain 
places placeholders or potentially a variety of possible further variables for a provision. These 
are marked with square brackets and corresponding comments. 
The conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the "Conditions") will be 
determined as follows: 
The Final Terms will (i) determine which of the Options I through IV of the Terms and 
Conditions shall apply to the relevant Series of Notes by inserting such Option in the Final 
Terms Part I and will (ii) specify and complete such Option so inserted, respectively. 
The Conditions only will be attached to the respective Global Note. 
Language in relation to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The German text of the Conditions shall be legally binding. A non-binding English translation 
will be prepared for convenience only.

--- Page 51 ---
49 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
OPTION I: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
IN EURO BEGEBENE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION I: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR NOTES ISSUED IN EURO 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung,  
zusätzliches Kernkapital, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination,  
AT1 Capital, Form 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") der 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(die 
"Emittentin") 
wird 
in 
Euro 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung" 
oder 
"EUR") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
EUR [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten einfügen] Euro) in einer 
Stückelung 
von 
jeweils 
EUR [●] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung" oder 
der 
"Ursprüngliche 
Nennbetrag") 
begeben. 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This series of 
subordinated notes (the "Notes") of 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in Euro 
(the "Specified Currency" or "EUR") in 
the aggregate nominal amount of EUR 
[insert aggregate nominal amount] 
(in words: [insert amount in words] 
Euro) in a denomination of EUR [●] (the 
"Specified Denomination" or the 
"Original Nominal Amount") each. 
Zweck der Schuldverschreibungen ist 
die Überlassung von Eigenmitteln auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
in 
Form 
von 
zusätzlichem 
Kernkapital 
an 
die 
Emittentin. 
The purpose of the Notes is to furnish 
the Issuer with own funds in the form of 
additional tier 1 capital for an indefinite 
period of time. 
(2) 
Form. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in 
bearer form. 
(3) 
Globalurkunde. 
(3) 
Global Note. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
auf 
den 
Inhaber 
lautende 
Globalurkunde 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft  
(die 
"Globalurkunde"). 
Die 
Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift von zwei 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. Ein Recht 
der Anleihegläubiger auf Ausgabe und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden oder 
Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
The Notes are represented by one 
global note payable to bearer without 
interest coupons (the "Global Note"). 
The Global Note bears the manual or 
facsimile signatures of two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. The right of the Noteholders to 
require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons is 
excluded. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde 
wird bei Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt (das "Clearing System") hin-
terlegt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will 
be deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt (the "Clearing System"), 
until the Issuer has satisfied and 
discharged all of its obligations under 
the Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger. "Anleihegläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigen-
tumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) 
Noteholder. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership 
or other right in the Notes. 
§ 2 
Status 
§ 2 
Status 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte, 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
stehen. 
(1) 
The Notes constitute unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking pari passu among themselves. 
(2) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Insolvenz, 
der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation der Emittentin oder eines 
Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
(2) 
If resolution measures are imposed on 
the Issuer, or in the event of the 
insolvency, dissolution, liquidation or 
composition of the Issuer, or if other 
proceedings 
are 
opened 
for 
the 
avoidance of insolvency of the Issuer or 
against the Issuer, the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes 
(a) 
stehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
wie 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus anderen AT1 Instrumenten 
sowie aus anderen Instrumenten, 
die nach zwingendem Recht mit 
AT1 Instrumenten gleichrangig 
sind; und 
(a) 
rank 
pari 
passu 
with 
the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
other 
AT1 
Instruments 
and 
obligations 
under 
other 
instruments which pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with AT1 Instruments; 
and 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
hinsichtlich Posten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß Artikel 26 CRR und 
etwaigen 
Instrumenten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
nach 
ihren 
Bedingungen oder zwingendem 
Recht gleichrangig mit Posten 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin sind, im Rang vor; und 
(b) 
rank senior to the obligations in 
respect of common equity tier 1 
items of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 26 CRR and any instru-
ments 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
pursuant 
to 
their 
terms 
or 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with common equity 
tier 1 items; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Rang 
vollständig 
nach, 
so 
dass 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einem 
solchen Fall so lange nicht 
erfolgen, bis die Vorrangigen Ver-
(c) 
shall be fully subordinated to the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer, so that in any such event 
no amounts shall be payable in 
respect of the Notes until the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer have been satisfied in full.

--- Page 53 ---
51 
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin voll-
ständig befriedigt sind. 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
oder 
andere 
Eigenmittelinstrumente der Emittentin 
im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 119 
CRR qualifizieren, gehen gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 7a KWG die Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
Eigenmitteln vor. 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer 
qualify as AT1 Instruments or other own 
funds instruments within the meaning of 
Article 4(1) no. 119 CRR, the obligations 
under the Notes will, pursuant to § 
46f(7a) KWG, rank in priority to all 
obligations 
under 
own 
funds 
instruments. 
(3) 
Definitionen. In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
haben 
die 
folgenden 
Begriffe 
die 
folgenden 
Bedeutungen: 
(3) 
Definitions. In 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
"AT1 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument der Emittentin, das 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als Instrument 
des zusätzlichen Kernkapitals gemäß 
Artikel 52 CRR qualifiziert. 
"AT1 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
an additional tier 1 instrument pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR at the relevant time. 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 
575/2013 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRR geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRR in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
CRR are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRR as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
"InsO" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Insolvenzordnung 
(InsO), 
in 
der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der InsO 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht 
sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen 
der InsO in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means the German Insolvency 
Statute (InsO), as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the InsO are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the InsO as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über 
das Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz – 
KWG), in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen des KWG geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen des KWG 
in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz 
– 
KWG), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
KWG are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the KWG as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to

--- Page 54 ---
52 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
time. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument oder nachrangige 
Darlehensinstrument der Emittentin, 
das zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als 
Ergänzungskapitalinstrument 
gemäß 
Artikel 63 CRR qualifiziert. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument 
or 
subordinated 
loan 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
a Tier 2 instrument pursuant to Article 
63 CRR at the relevant time. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten" der 
Emittentin 
bezeichnet 
sämtliche 
folgenden 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin: 
"Senior Ranking Obligations" of the 
Issuer means any and all of the 
following obligations of the Issuer: 
(i) 
die 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus deren nicht 
bevorrechtigten, nicht nachran-
gigen Schuldtiteln im Sinne von 
§ 46f Absatz 6 Satz 1 KWG (auch 
in Verbindung mit § 46f Absatz 9 
KWG)); 
(i) 
the unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (including, but not 
limited to, obligations of the 
Issuer under its non-preferred 
senior debt instruments within the 
meaning of § 46f(6) sentence 1 
KWG (also in conjunction with § 
46f(9) KWG)); 
(ii) 
die in § 39 Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 
InsO 
bezeichneten 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin; 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer 
specified in § 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 
InsO; 
(iii) 
die 
nachrangigen 
Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
nicht gemäß § 2(2)(a) und (b) im 
gleichen Rang zu den Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stehen oder diesen im Rang 
nachgehen;  
(iii) 
the subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not, pursuant 
to § 2(2)(a) and (b), rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes;  
(iv) 
andere 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, die nicht bereits von 
(i) bis (iii) erfasst sind und die 
gesetzlich (einschließlich gemäß 
§ 46f Absatz 7a Satz 3 KWG) 
vorrangig 
gegenüber 
AT1 
Instrumenten zu begleichen sind; 
und 
(iv) 
other obligations of the Issuer 
which pursuant to mandatory law 
(including pursuant to § 46f(7a) 
sentence 3 KWG) have to be 
satisfied with priority to AT1 
Instruments 
unless 
already 
captured in (i) through (iii); and 
(v) 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
deren 
Tier 2 
Instrumenten. 
(v) 
the obligations of the Issuer 
under Tier 2 Instruments. 
(4) 
Unter Beachtung von § 2(2) bleibt es 
der 
Emittentin 
unbenommen, 
ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch aus dem 
sonstigen 
freien 
Vermögen 
zu 
bedienen. 
(4) 
Subject to § 2(2), the Issuer may satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes also 
from 
other 
distributable 
assets 
(sonstiges freies Vermögen) of the 
Issuer. 
(5)
Die Aufrechnung von Forderungen aus 
(5)
No Noteholder may set off his claims

--- Page 55 ---
53 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gegen 
Forderungen 
der 
Emittentin 
ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern wird für ihre Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen keine 
Sicherheit oder Garantie gestellt; eine 
solche Sicherheit oder Garantie wird 
auch zu keinem späteren Zeitpunkt 
gestellt werden. Bereits gestellte oder 
zukünftig gestellte Sicherheiten oder 
Garantien 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin haften nicht für Forderungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen. 
arising under the Notes against any 
claims of the Issuer. No collateral or 
guarantee is, or shall at any time be, 
provided 
securing 
claims 
of 
the 
Noteholders under the Notes. Any 
collateral or guarantee already pro-
vided or granted in the future (as the 
case may be) in connection with other 
liabilities of the Issuer may not be used 
for claims under the Notes. 
(6) 
Zahlungsbedingungen, (vorinsolvenzli-
ches) Zahlungsverbot. 
(6) 
Payment Conditions, (Pre-Insolvency) 
Payment Prohibition. 
(a) 
Nachträglich 
können 
der 
Nachrang gemäß § 2(2) nicht 
beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und jede 
anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist 
nicht verkürzt werden. Bereits vor 
der Vornahme von Abwicklungs-
maßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin oder der Einleitung 
eines 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin steht 
jede Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
dem Vorbehalt der Erfüllung der 
Bedingungen gemäß § 3(8) und 
jede Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) oder § 5(5) 
und 
jeder 
Rückkauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Maßgabe von § 10(2) unter dem 
Vorbehalt 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6). 
(a) 
No subsequent agreement may 
limit the subordination pursuant 
to § 2(2) or shorten the term of 
the Notes or any applicable 
notice period. Even prior to the 
imposition 
of 
any 
resolution 
measures upon the Issuer, or the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer, any payment of 
interest on the Notes will be 
subject to the conditions set forth 
in § 3(8) being fulfilled, and any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant 
to § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or § 5(5) 
and any repurchase of the Notes 
pursuant to § 10(2) will be subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption 
and Repurchase set forth in 
§ 5(6) being fulfilled. 
Zu den Bedingungen gemäß 
§ 3(8) und zu den Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6) 
gehört 
die 
Bedingung, dass an dem Tag, an 
dem der betreffende Betrag von 
Kapital oder Zinsen zur Zahlung 
vorgesehen 
ist, 
kein 
Eröff-
nungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
anwendbaren 
The conditions set forth in § 3(8) 
and 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase set 
forth 
in 
§ 5(6) 
include 
the 
condition that, on the date on 
which the relevant amount of 
principal or interest is scheduled 
to be paid, no reason for the 
opening 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer in accordance with the

--- Page 56 ---
54 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt (also (i) die Emittentin am 
Tag 
der relevanten Zahlung 
weder überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig 
im Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
betreffenden 
Betrages von Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führt und (iii) keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vorliegt). 
applicable insolvency regulations 
exists (i.e. (i) the Issuer is neither 
over-indebted within the meaning 
of § 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of the relevant payment, (ii) the 
payment of the relevant amount 
of principal or interest would not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists). 
Das 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
bereits 
vor 
Einleitung eines Insolvenz- oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin nur 
dann einen fälligen Anspruch auf 
die 
betreffende 
vorgesehene 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
oder 
Rückzahlung haben, sofern kein 
Eröffnungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
anwendbaren 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt und die Zahlung des 
betreffenden Betrages nicht die 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
verursachen oder den Prozess 
der Insolvenz der Emittentin 
beschleunigen würde. 
This means that already prior to 
the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer the Noteholders will 
only have a due (fällig) claim for 
the relevant scheduled payment 
of interest or for redemption if no 
reason 
for 
the 
opening 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Issuer 
in 
accordance with the applicable 
insolvency regulations exists and 
if the payment of the relevant 
amount would not cause the 
insolvency of the Issuer or 
accelerate the process of the 
Issuer becoming insolvent. 
(b) 
Werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
anderen als den in § 2(2) und 
§ 2(6)(a) 
beschriebenen 
Umständen zurückgezahlt oder 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückerworben, 
so 
ist 
der 
zurückgezahlte 
oder 
gezahlte 
Betrag 
der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht auf entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurückzugewähren, sofern nicht 
die für die Emittentin zuständige 
Behörde der Rückzahlung oder 
dem Rückkauf zuvor zugestimmt 
hat. 
(b) 
If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased 
by 
the 
Issuer 
otherwise 
than 
in 
the 
circumstances 
described 
in 
§ 2(2) and § 2(6)(a), then the 
amounts redeemed or paid must 
be 
returned 
to 
the 
Issuer 
irrespective of any agreement to 
the 
contrary 
unless 
the 
competent authority of the Issuer 
has given its prior consent to 
such redemption or repurchase. 
(7) 
Hinweis 
auf 
die 
Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnah-
men. Die 
zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde kann nach den für 
(7) 
Note on the possibility of statutory 
resolution 
measures. Prior 
to 
any 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, 
under bank resolution laws applicable

--- Page 57 ---
55 
die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen vor einer 
Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
herabschreiben 
(bis 
einschließlich 
auf 
null), 
in 
Geschäftsanteile, Aktien (soweit zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt einschlägig) oder 
andere Eigentumstitel der Emittentin 
umwandeln 
oder 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen treffen, ein-
schließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Übertragung der 
Verbindlichkeiten auf einen anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
einer 
Löschung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
to the Issuer from time to time, the 
competent resolution authority may 
write down (including to zero) the 
obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, convert them into company 
shares, shares (if existing at the 
relevant point of time) or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer 
or apply any other resolution measure, 
including (but not limited to) any 
transfer of the obligations to another 
entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the 
Notes. 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1) 
Verzinsung, Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) 
Interest Calculation, Interest Payment 
Dates. 
(a) 
Vorbehaltlich des Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8) wird 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ihren 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. 
(a) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), each Note shall bear 
interest on its Current Nominal 
Amount 
from 
and 
including 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") to but excluding the first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
and 
thereafter from and including 
each Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the next following 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Aktueller 
Nennbetrag" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung: 
(i) am 
Begebungstag 
den 
Ursprünglichen Nennbetrag und 
(ii) anschließend ihren ggf. um 
Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) verminderten (soweit 
nicht durch Hochschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(10) 
kompensiert) 
ausstehenden Nennbetrag. 
"Current 
Nominal 
Amount" 
means, with respect to any Note: 
(i) at the issue date, the Original 
Nominal Amount of such Note 
and 
(ii) thereafter, 
the 
then 
outstanding nominal amount of 
such Note as reduced by any 
write-downs pursuant to § 5(9)(b) 
(to the extent not reinstated for by 
write-ups pursuant to § 5(10)). 
(b) 
Zinsen sind vorbehaltlich des 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3(8) 
nachträglich 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
Zahlung vorgesehen. 
(b) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), 
interest 
shall 
be 
scheduled to be paid in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 58 ---
56 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
[und] 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] 
eines 
jeden 
Jahres. 
Erster 
Zinszahlungstag ist der [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [im 
Fall 
einer 
kurzen 
ersten 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen: 
(kurze][im Fall einer langen 
ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: 
(lange] erste Zinsperiode). 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
[insert 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Date] [and] [insert 
further 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year. 
The first Interest Payment Date is 
[insert first Interest Payment 
Date] [in the case of a short first 
interest period, insert: (short][in 
the case of a long first interest 
period, insert: (long] first interest 
period). 
(c) 
Der zur Zahlung vorgesehene 
Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(4)(a) 
berechnet. 
(c) 
The amount of interest scheduled 
to be paid will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(4)(a). 
(2) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie in § 3(3) 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
(the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined in § 3(3)) 
will, except as otherwise provided 
below, be 
(a) 
für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag (wie in § 5(2) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
ein 
fester Zinssatz in Höhe von 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen] % 
per 
annum, und 
(a) 
for the period from and including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date to but excluding the First 
Reset Date (as defined in § 5(2)) 
a fixed rate of [insert rate of 
interest] per cent. per annum, 
and 
(b) 
für den Zeitraum ab dem Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) und danach für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Reset-Zeitraum") 
der 
betreffende Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich 
der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge 
in Höhe von [ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge einfügen] % per 
annum1[.] 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
vierteljährlichen 
oder 
halbjährlichen 
Satzes 
einfügen: , 
(b) 
for the period from and including 
the First Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date 
and thereafter from and including 
each Reset Date to but excluding 
the next Reset Date (each a 
"Reset Period") the applicable 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
below) plus the initial credit 
spread of [insert initial credit 
spread] per cent. per annum2[.] 
[in the case of a quarterly rate 
or semi-annual rate, insert: , 
wobei für die Bestimmung des 
provided that, for purposes of the 
 
1 
Dies entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. 
2 
This equals the initial credit spread at the time of pricing.

--- Page 59 ---
57 
Zinssatzes ein Benchmarksatz, 
der nicht als [im Fall eines 
vierteljährlichen 
Satzes 
einfügen: 
vierteljährlicher][im 
Fall 
eines 
halbjährlichen 
Satzes einfügen: halbjährlicher] 
Satz ausgedrückt wird, zuzüglich 
der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge 
in Höhe von [ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge einfügen] % per 
annum von einem Unabhängigen 
Berater 
in 
wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger Weise in einen [im 
Fall 
eines 
vierteljährlichen 
Satzes 
einfügen: 
vierteljährlichen][im Fall eines 
halbjährlichen 
Satzes 
einfügen: halbjährlichen] Satz 
umgerechnet wird.] 
determination of 
a Rate of 
Interest that is based upon a 
Reference Rate determined on 
the basis of a benchmark rate 
that is not expressed as a [in the 
case of a quarterly rate, insert: 
quarterly] [in the case of a semi-
annual 
rate, 
insert: 
semi-
annual] rate, the sum of such 
Reference Rate and the initial 
credit spread of [insert initial 
credit spread] per cent. will be 
converted by an Independent 
Advisor to a [in the case of a 
quarterly rate, insert: quarterly] 
[in the case of a semi-annual 
rate, insert: semi-annual] rate in 
a 
commercially 
reasonable 
manner.] 
(3) 
Referenzsatz. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) bestimmt für jeden 
Zinsanpassungstag 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(3). 
(3) 
Reference Rate. The Calculation Agent 
(as defined in § 6) will determine the 
relevant Reference Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(3) for each Reset Date on 
the respective Interest Determination 
Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" zu jedem Zins-
anpassungstag 
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset 
Date will be, 
(a) 
entspricht, 
solange 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(f) definiert) eingetreten ist, 
(a) 
as long as no Benchmark Event 
(as defined in § 3(7)(f)) has 
occurred, 
(i) 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag; oder 
(i) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date; or  
(ii) 
dem Referenzbankensatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird; 
(ii) 
the Reference Bank Rate 
on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date if the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such 
time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
wird, 
wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
vorbehaltlich § 3 (7)(i) für jeden 
Reset-Zeitraum, der an oder 
nach 
dem 
Stichtag (wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(g) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
gemäß § 3(7) bestimmt. 
(b) 
if 
a 
Benchmark 
Event 
has 
occurred, 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(7) for each 
Reset Period commencing on or 
after the Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(7)(g)), subject to § 
3 (7) (i).

--- Page 60 ---
58 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"[5][●]-Jahres-Mid-Market-Swapsatz-
Angebotssätze" 
bezeichnet 
das 
arithmetische Mittel der Geld- und 
Briefkurse 
für 
die 
jährliche 
Festzinsseite (berechnet auf einer 
30/360 Tagesberechnungsbasis) einer 
Euro-Zinsswap-Transaktion fest gegen 
variabel (i) mit einer Laufzeit von [5][●] 
Jahr[en], die an dem betreffenden 
Zinsanpassungstag beginnt, (ii) in 
einem Betrag, der für eine einzelne 
Transaktion in dem betreffenden Markt 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt, die mit einem 
anerkannten Händler guter Bonität im 
Swap-Markt 
abgeschlossen 
wird, 
repräsentativ ist, und (iii) mit einer 
variablen Zinsseite (berechnet auf 
einer 
Actual/360 
Tagesbe-
rechnungsbasis), die dem 6-Monats-
EURIBOR entspricht. 
"[5][●]-year-Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations" means the arithmetic 
mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-
floating 
Euro 
interest 
rate 
swap 
transaction which (i) has a term of 
[5][●] year[s] commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg 
(calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis) that is equivalent to the 6-month 
EURIBOR rate. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
Hauptniederlassung 
jeder 
Referenzbank 
bitten, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle ihre jährliche [5][●]-
Jahres-Mid-Market-Swapsatz-
Angebotssätze mitzuteilen. 
The Issuer will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide to the Calculation Agent a 
quotation of its annual [5][●]-year-Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
fünf 
führende 
Swap-Händler 
im 
Interbankenmarkt. 
"Reference Banks" means five leading 
swap dealers in the interbank market. 
"Referenzbankensatz" 
bezeichnet 
den Prozentsatz, der auf der Grundlage 
der 
jährlichen 
[5][●]-Jahres-Mid-
Market-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze 
ermittelt 
wird, 
die 
der 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) 
um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Ortszeit Frankfurt am 
Main) am Zinsfestsetzungstag von den 
Referenzbanken zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden.  
Falls mehr als drei Angebotssätze zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden, ist der Satz 
für 
den 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag das arithmetische 
Mittel dieser Angebotssätze, wobei der 
höchste 
Angebotssatz 
(bzw. 
bei 
mehreren 
gleich 
hohen 
Angebotssätzen einer dieser höchsten 
Sätze) und der niedrigste Angebotssatz 
(bzw. bei mehreren gleich niedrigen 
Angebotssätzen 
einer 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Sätze) 
unberücksichtigt 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the 
percentage rate determined on the 
basis of the annual [5][●]-year-Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations provided 
by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt am Main time) on 
the Interest Determination Date.  
If more than three quotations are 
provided, the rate for that Interest 
Determination 
Date 
will 
be 
the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If three or two quotations are provided, 
the Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is 
provided, the Reference Bank Rate will 
be the quotation provided. If no

--- Page 61 ---
59 
bleiben. 
Falls 
drei 
oder 
zwei 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
zur 
Verfügung gestellten Angebotssätze. 
Falls 
nur 
ein 
Angebotssatz 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
wird, 
ist 
der 
Referenzbankensatz der zur Verfügung 
gestellte Angebotssatz. Falls keine 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
der letzte jährliche Swapsatz für Euro-
Swap-Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit 
von [5][●] Jahr[en], ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite verfügbar war. 
quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bank Rate will be equal to the last 
available annual swap rate for Euro 
swap transactions with a [5] [●] year 
maturity, expressed as a percentage, 
on the Screen Page. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
(i) der ein T2-Geschäftstag ist und 
(ii) an 
dem 
Geschäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte in [Frankfurt am Main 
Zahlungen] [●] in Euro abwickeln. 
"Business Day" means a day which is 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) (i) which is a T2 Business Day 
and (ii) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets in [Frankfurt 
am Main] [●] settle payments in Euro. 
"T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem T2 (das Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems 
oder 
dessen 
Nachfolgesystem) 
betriebsbereit ist. 
"T2 Business Day" means a day on 
which 
T2 
(the 
real-time 
gross 
settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system) 
is operating. 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet den jährlichen Swapsatz für 
Euro-Swap-Transaktionen mit einer 
Laufzeit 
von 
[5][●] 
Jahr[en], 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz, 
beginnend 
mit 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsanpassungstag, der um 11:00 Uhr 
(Ortszeit Frankfurt am Main) am 
maßgeblichen Zinsfestsetzungstag auf 
der 
Reuters-Bildschirmseite 
"ICESWAP2/EURFIXA" 
(bzw. 
einer 
Nachfolgeseite) unter der Überschrift 
"EURIBOR BASIS" und dem Untertitel 
"11:00 AM Frankfurt time" (wie diese 
Überschriften und Untertitel jeweils 
erscheinen) (die "Bildschirmseite") 
angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" means 
the annual swap rate for euro swap 
transactions with a [5][●] year maturity 
commencing on the relevant Reset 
Date, expressed as a percentage, as 
displayed on the Reuters screen 
"ICESWAP2/EURFIXA" 
(or 
any 
successor page) under the heading 
"EURIBOR BASIS" and the caption 
"11:00 AM Frankfurt time" (as such 
headings and captions may appear 
from time to time) (the "Screen Page") 
as at 11:00 a.m. Frankfurt time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
"Zinsanpassungstag" bezeichnet den 
Ersten Zinsanpassungstag und jeden 
[fünften] [●] Jahrestag des jeweils 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Zinsanpassungstages. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset 
Date and any [fifth] [●] anniversary of 
the immediately preceding Reset Date. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den [zweiten][●] Geschäftstag vor dem 
jeweiligen Zinsanpassungstag. 
"Interest Determination Date" means 
the [second][●] Business Day prior to 
the relevant Reset Date.

--- Page 62 ---
60 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
jeweiligen 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
from and including each Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(4) 
Zinsbetrag. 
(4) 
Interest Amount. 
(a) 
Unverzüglich nach Bestimmung 
des Referenzsatzes wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug 
auf den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechenden Zinsperioden bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag berechnen. 
Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, 
indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
auf 
den 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag angewendet werden. 
Der resultierende Betrag wird auf 
die 
kleinste 
Einheit 
der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder 
abgerundet, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
(a) 
The 
Calculation 
Agent 
will, 
without undue delay after the 
determination of the Reference 
Rate, determine the applicable 
Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes 
in respect of the Current Nominal 
Amount (subject to § 3(8)) for the 
relevant Interest Periods until the 
next Reset Date. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (subject 
to § 3(8)) to the Current Nominal 
Amount 
and 
rounding 
the 
resultant figure to the nearest unit 
of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
Im Falle einer Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für die 
gesamte 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode, in welcher diese 
Herabschreibung erfolgt, jeweils 
nur bezogen auf den dann 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag verzinst, 
der 
entsprechend 
reduziert 
wurde, wobei eine etwaige an 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß 
§ 5(10) 
erfolgende 
Hochschreibung 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
unberücksichtigt 
bleibt und sich erst ab der 
Zinsperiode auswirkt, die an dem 
Hochschreibungstag gemäß § 
5(10)(d) beginnt, zu welchem die 
Hochschreibung erfolgt. 
In the event of a write-down 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b), each of the 
Notes shall for the full respective 
Interest Period in which such 
write-down occurs only bear 
interest on the then Current 
Nominal Amount which has been 
reduced accordingly; a potential 
write-up 
pursuant 
to 
§ 5(10) 
which may occur on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will not be 
taken into account for such 
Interest Period and will only 
become 
effective 
from 
the 
Interest Period commencing on 
the Write-Up Date pursuant to § 5 
(10)(d) on which the write-up 
occurs. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an

--- Page 63 ---
61 
eines Zinsbetrages für einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"), 
Interest Amount for any period of 
time (the "Interest Calculation 
Period"), 
(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode 
entspricht, in die er fällt, 
oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl von 
Tagen in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(y) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is equal to or shorter 
than 
the 
Determination 
Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the 
Interest Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and 
(y) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum länger als 
eine Feststellungsperiode 
ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is longer than one 
Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
berechnungszeitrau
m, die in die Feststel-
lungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
dividiert 
durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperiode
n, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden; 
und 
(A) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
falling 
in 
the 
Determination Period 
in which the Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
begins divided by the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year; 
and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
berechnungszeitrau
m, 
die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Fest-
stellungsperiode 
fallen, dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (x) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
(B) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
falling in the next 
Determination Period 
divided 
by 
the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the

--- Page 64 ---
62 
in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperiode
n, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden. 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Periode 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), 
der 
in 
ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means 
each period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to 
but 
excluding 
the 
next 
Determination Date. 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet jeden [festgelegten 
Feststellungstermin einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
weiteren 
festgelegten 
Feststellungsterminen 
einfügen: 
und 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Feststellungstermine 
einfügen]]. 
"Determination Date" means 
each 
[insert 
specified 
Determination Date] [in the 
case 
of 
further 
specified 
Determination Dates, insert: 
and [insert further specified 
Determination Dates]]. 
(b) 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinsbetrag für 
die 
Zinsperioden bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
der 
(i) 
Emittentin, der Zahlstelle und den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
Geschäftstag und (ii) jeder Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später 
als 
zu 
Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
für 
die 
der 
betreffende Zinssatz und der 
betreffende 
Zinsbetrag 
gilt, 
mitgeteilt werden. 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount for the Interest 
Periods up to the next Reset Date 
to be notified (i) to the Issuer, to 
the Paying Agent and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no 
event 
later 
than 
the 
fourth 
Business Day thereafter and (ii), 
if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time to time 
at the request of the Issuer, to 
such stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than the first 
day of the Interest Period in 
relation to which the relevant 
Rate of Interest and the relevant 
Interest Amount applies. 
(c) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Höhe der 
Zinszahlung wird nicht aufgrund 
der Bonität der Emittentin oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
amount of the interest payment is 
not adjusted on the basis of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer or

--- Page 65 ---
63 
Unternehmens angepasst. 
any of its affiliates. 
(5) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Zahlstelle und die Anleihegläubiger 
bindend. 
(5) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(6) 
Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
endet 
mit 
Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum 
Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Zinssatzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen zu verzinsen.2 
(6) 
Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the 
beginning of the day on which they 
become due for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to make the relevant 
redemption payment under the Notes 
when due, each of the Notes will bear 
interest on its Current Nominal Amount 
from and including the due date to but 
excluding the day of actual redemption 
of the Notes at the statutory default rate 
of interest.3 
(7) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein Bench-
mark-Ereignis 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz (oder 
eine Teilkomponente davon) eintritt, gilt 
für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes und den Reset des 
Zinssatzes 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
Folgendes: 
(7) 
Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate (or any component 
part thereof), the relevant Reference 
Rate and the reset of the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with this § 3(7) 
will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach 
Eintritt 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
und 
vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich 
ist, 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
zu 
benennen, 
der 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as this 
is (in the Issuer’s view) required 
following the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, 
endeavour 
to 
appoint 
an 
Independent Adviser who will 
determine a New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments. 
(b) 
Wenn 
vor 
[dem 
zehnten 
(b) 
If prior to the [tenth Business Day 
 
2 
Der gesetzliche Zinssatz für Verzugszinsen liegt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB). 
3 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB)).

--- Page 66 ---
64 
Geschäftstag 
vor] 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
prior to the] relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
(i) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernennt; oder 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to appoint 
an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festlegt, 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined 
a 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für 
den 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
then 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the immediately 
following Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
determined on the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(b) bereits im 
Hinblick 
auf 
den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag angewendet 
werden muss, entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" für den ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If this § 3(7)(b) is to be applied in 
respect of the First Reset Date, 
the "Reference Rate" applicable 
to the first Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Reset Screen Page on the 
last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(7)(b) 
bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(7) 
erneut angewendet, um den 
Referenzsatz für den nächsten 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
(und, sofern notwendig, weitere 
nachfolgende Reset-Zeiträume) 
zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(7)(b) is 
to be applied, § 3(7) will be 
operated again to determine the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next subsequent Reset Period 
(and, 
if 
required, 
further 
subsequent Reset Periods). 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls 
der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. If 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that: 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
the New Benchmark Rate; 
or

--- Page 67 ---
65 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmarksatz, 
(ii) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate, 
und 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für den unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
und 
alle 
folgenden 
Reset-
Zeiträume vorbehaltlich § 3(7)(i) 
dem Neuen Benchmarksatz an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
der Anpassungsmarge. 
and then the Reference Rate for 
the immediately following Reset 
Period and all following Reset 
Periods, subject to § 3(7)(i), will 
be the New Benchmark Rate on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date plus the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn 
ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsmarge 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festgelegt werden, 
und 
wenn 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen hinsichtlich dieser 
Anleihebedingungen notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsmarge 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-
Änderungen"), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen und die Emittentin wird 
diese 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 3(7)(e) 
bekanntmachen. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), and if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then the Independent Adviser will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments and the Issuer will 
give notice thereof in accordance 
with § 3(7)(e). 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments 
may comprise, in particular, the 
following conditions of these 
Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" und/oder 
die 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
fallback) 
für 
den 
Referenzsatz einschließlich 
des 
(A) 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
including 
the 
"Screen 
Page" and/or the method 
for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the 
Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; 
and/or

--- Page 68 ---
66 
Referenzbankensatzes; 
und/oder 
(B) 
die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Reset-Zeitraum", 
"Zahlungsgeschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsanpassungstag", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsperiode" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend vor oder 
zu Beginn der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
oder 
zurückblickend vor oder 
zum 
Ablauf 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
"Business 
Day", 
"Reset 
Period", 
"Payment 
Business Day", "Interest 
Payment 
Date", 
"Reset 
Date", 
"Interest 
Determination Date", "Day 
Count 
Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest Period" (including 
the determination whether 
the Reference Rate will be 
determined in advance on 
or prior to the relevant 
Interest Period or in arrear 
on or prior to the end of the 
relevant Interest Period); 
and/or 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß § 4(5). 
(C) 
the 
business 
day 
convention in § 4(5). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin 
hat einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
der 
Zahlstelle 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle sowie gemäß 
§ 11 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mitzuteilen, und zwar sobald eine 
solche Mitteilung (nach billigem 
Ermessen der Emittentin) nach 
deren Feststellung praktikabel 
ist[, spätestens jedoch an dem 
zehnten Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfest-
setzungstag]. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify 
any New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
determined under this § 3(7) to 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
und 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and, 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 11, 
the 
Noteholders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer’s 
reasonable 
discretion) 
practicable 
following 
the 
determination thereof[, but in any 
event no later than on the tenth 
Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date]. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the Effective 
Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, 
die 
jeweils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle, 
eventuelle 
weitere 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab 
The New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
each as specified in such notice, 
will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent, any additional paying 
agents and the Noteholders. The 
Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended

--- Page 69 ---
67 
dem Stichtag als durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
die 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
by the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any, 
with effect from the Effective 
Date. 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
diesem § 3(7): 
(f) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(7): 
Die "Anpassungsmarge", die 
positiv, negativ oder gleich Null 
sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet 
entweder (a) die Spanne oder 
(b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, 
The 
"Adjustment 
Spread", 
which may be positive, negative 
or zero, will be expressed in basis 
points and means either (a) the 
spread or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the 
spread, 
(A) 
die im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
formell 
im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(A) 
which in the case of a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally 
recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(B) 
die 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, hilfsweise, an den 
internationalen 
Swapmärkten) 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
(oder eine Teilkomponente 
davon) 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden; 
[oder 
(B) 
which 
(if 
no 
such 
recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied 
to the New Benchmark 
Rate (or any component 
part 
thereof) 
in 
the 
international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, 
the 
international 
swap 
markets) to produce an 
industry-accepted 
replacement 
benchmark 
rate 
for 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will 
be 
made 
by 
the 
Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion[; or 
(C) 
sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass 
(C) 
if the Independent Adviser 
in its reasonable discretion 
determines that no such

--- Page 70 ---
68 
keine 
solche 
Spanne 
üblicherweise angewendet 
wird, 
und 
dass 
das 
Folgende 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist 
als 
industrieweiter Standard für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die 
sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, 
anerkannt und bestätigt ist, 
wenn der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden]. 
spread 
is 
customarily 
applied 
and 
that 
the 
following 
would 
be 
appropriate for the Notes is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-
the-counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, where 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by 
the New Benchmark Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations 
will 
be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion]. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, 
hilfsweise, an den internationalen 
Swapmärkten) zur Bestimmung 
von Zinssätzen bzw. Mid-Swap-
Sätzen in Euro angewendet wird, 
wobei sämtliche Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen Berater 
vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark 
or an alternative screen rate 
which is customarily applied in 
the international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, the 
international swap markets) for 
the purpose of determining rates 
of interest or mid swap rates, 
respectively in euro, provided that 
all determinations will be made by 
the Independent Adviser. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt 
ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
die Emittentin oder die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwenden darf, oder 
(A) 
it becomes unlawful for the 
Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate, or 
(B) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt 
oder der Administrator oder 
(B) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
ceases to calculate and 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time or 
the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
publishes 
a

--- Page 71 ---
69 
die 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
eine 
Erklärung 
veröffentlicht, 
dass der Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, 
oder 
statement which states that 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
will cease to calculate and 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time, or 
(C) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eine 
Erklärung oder Information 
veröffentlicht, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche Änderung der 
Methode zur Berechnung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingetreten 
ist 
oder 
innerhalb eines bestimmten 
Zeitraums eintreten wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass (falls 
zutreffend) dieser Zeitraum 
verstrichen ist, oder 
(C) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
publishes a statement or 
information that a material 
change in the methodology 
of calculating the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
has 
occurred or will occur within 
a specified period, provided 
that 
(where 
applicable) 
such period of time has 
lapsed, or 
(D) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder 
ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- 
oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator 
betreffend) 
durch den Administrator 
oder durch die Aufsichts- 
oder Regulierungsbehörde 
eingeleitet wurde, oder 
(D) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, 
restructuring 
or 
similar 
proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) 
is 
commenced 
by 
the 
administrator 
or 
its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority, or 
(E) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
abgegeben wird, in der 
angekündigt wird, dass der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
die 
zugrundeliegende 
Markt- 
(E) 
a public statement by the 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made 
announcing 
that 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no 
longer be, capable of being 
representative, or is non-
representative, 
of 
the

--- Page 72 ---
70 
und Wirtschaftsrealität ist, 
die 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
messen 
soll, oder dies ab einem 
bestimmten 
künftigen 
Zeitpunkt nicht mehr sein 
wird, oder 
underlying 
market 
and 
economic reality which the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
intended to measure, or 
(F) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
anderweitig eingestellt ist 
oder auf andere Weise 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung 
gestellt wird. 
(F) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate is otherwise being 
discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell 
durch das Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" 
means 
a 
successor 
to 
or 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means 
the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined in accordance with 
this § 3(7). 
"Nominierungsgremium" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente davon): 
"Relevant Nominating Body" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
(or 
any 
component part thereof): 
(A) 
die Zentralbank für die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist; oder 
(A) 
the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(B) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder 
jeden Ausschuss gefördert 
durch, 
geführt 
oder 
mitgeführt 
von 
oder 
gebildet 
von 
(a) 
der 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird, (b) einer Zentralbank 
(B) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which

--- Page 73 ---
71 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist, (c) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) 
oder Teilen davon. 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (c) a group 
of 
the 
aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut mit internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution of international repute 
or other independent financial 
adviser 
experienced 
in 
the 
international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the 
Issuer. 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, 
der Anpassungsmarge und der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt 
oder diesem nachfolgt: 
(g) 
The 
effective 
date 
for 
the 
application 
of 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined 
under this § 3(7) (the "Effective 
Date") 
will 
be 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date falling on or 
after the earliest of the following 
dates: 
(A) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (C), (D) oder (F) 
der Definition des Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (C), (D) or (F) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or 
(B) 
den Tag, ab dem die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente 
davon) eingestellt wird oder 
ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz (oder eine 
Teilkomponente 
davon) 
eingestellt wird oder nicht 
länger 
als 
repräsentativ 
angesehen wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (B) or (E) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date 
from 
which 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
(or any component part 
thereof) 
ceases 
to 
be 
published, is discontinued 
or 
ceases 
to 
be 
representative, as the case

--- Page 74 ---
72 
aufgrund der Absätze (B) 
oder (E) der Definition des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
may be; or 
(C) 
den Tag, ab dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwendet 
werden 
darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (A) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (A) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which 
the prohibition applies. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser 
§ 3(7) 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3(7) 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz 
als Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, this § 3(7) shall apply 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3(7) to the term 
Original Benchmark Rate shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the 
New Benchmark Rate that last 
applied. 
(i) 
Eine 
Anpassung 
des 
Referenzsatzes gemäß diesem 
§ 3(7) darf nicht durchgeführt 
werden, wenn und soweit diese 
Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass die Emittentin berechtigt 
wäre, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen 
gemäß § 5(3) zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
No adjustment to the Reference 
Rate will be made in accordance 
with this § 3(7) if and to the extent 
that 
as 
a 
result 
of 
such 
adjustment the Issuer would be 
entitled to redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons in accordance 
with § 5(3). 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) an einem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nach Beginn 
des 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraums 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
nächsten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on 
an Interest Determination Date 
falling after the commencement 
of the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate determined on 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) bereits an 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on

--- Page 75 ---
73 
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag für den 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
ersten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
Ursprünglichen Benchmark-Satz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
the Interest Determination Date 
for the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
first and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Reset 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
(8) 
Ausschluss der Zinszahlung. 
(8) 
Cancellation of Interest Payment. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat das Recht, 
jederzeit die Zinszahlung nach 
freiem 
Ermessen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise entfallen zu lassen. Sie 
teilt 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
spätestens 
am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 mit, 
wenn sie von diesem Recht 
Gebrauch 
macht. 
Ein 
Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit der Entscheidung 
über 
das 
Entfallen 
der 
Zinszahlungen, führt in keinem 
Fall 
zu 
einer 
Pflicht 
der 
Emittentin, 
eine 
entfallene 
Zinszahlung zu einem späteren 
Zeitpunkt nachzuholen, und stellt 
in 
keinem 
Fall 
eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. Eine bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
(a) 
The Issuer has the right, in its 
sole discretion and at any time, to 
cancel all or part of any payment 
of interest. If the Issuer exercises 
such right, it shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 11 no later than on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Any failure to give such notice 
shall not affect the validity of the 
decision on the cancellation, shall 
in no event result in an obligation 
of the Issuer to make a cancelled 
interest payment at a later date 
and shall not constitute a default 
for any purpose. A notice which 
has not been given until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue 
delay thereafter. 
(b) 
Eine 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ist für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
ausgeschlossen 
und 
entfällt 
(ohne Einschränkung des Rechts 
der Emittentin nach § 3(8)(a)): 
(b) 
Payment of interest on the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be excluded and cancelled 
(without prejudice to the right of 
the Issuer pursuant to § 3(8)(a)): 
(i) 
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Zinszahlung zusammen mit 
(i) 
to the extent that such 
payment 
of 
interest 
together with 
(A) 
dem 
Betrag 
einer 
etwaigen 
Hochschreibung 
nach § 5(10), die zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
(A) 
the amount of a write-
up, 
if 
any, 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 5(10) to be effected 
as of the relevant

--- Page 76 ---
74 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
soll, 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
(B) 
den an demselben 
Tag geplanten oder 
erfolgenden und den 
in 
dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
bereits 
erfolgten 
weiteren 
Ausschüttungen (wie 
in § 3(9) definiert) auf 
andere 
Kernkapitalinstrumen
te 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) und 
(B) 
any 
additional 
Distributions 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)) that 
are scheduled to be 
made or have been 
made on the same 
day or that have been 
made by the Issuer 
on 
other 
Tier 
1 
Instruments 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)) in 
the 
then 
current 
financial year of the 
Issuer and 
(C) 
dem 
Gesamtbetrag 
etwaiger 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
andere 
AT1 Instrumente, die 
zu dem betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
sollen oder in dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
durchgeführt wurden 
(C) 
the total amount of 
write-ups, if any, on 
any 
other 
AT1 Instruments 
to 
be effected as of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
or 
have been effected in 
the 
then 
current 
financial year of the 
Issuer 
die Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) 
übersteigen 
würde, 
wobei 
die 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten für diesen Zweck 
um einen Betrag erhöht 
werden, der bereits als 
Aufwand 
für 
Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(zur 
Klarstellung: 
einschließlich 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen) in 
die 
Ermittlung 
des 
Gewinns, 
der 
den 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
zugrunde 
liegt, 
eingegangen ist; oder 
would exceed the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)), provided 
that, for such purpose, the 
Available 
Distributable 
Items shall be increased by 
an amount equal to what 
has been accounted for as 
expenses for Distributions 
in 
respect 
of 
Tier 
1 
Instruments 
(for 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
including 
payments 
of 
interest on the Notes) in the 
determination of the profit 
on which the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
are 
based; or 
(ii) 
wenn 
und 
soweit 
eine 
zuständige 
Behörde 
anordnet, 
dass 
diese 
(ii) 
if and to the extent that a 
competent authority orders 
that all or part of the

--- Page 77 ---
75 
Zinszahlung 
insgesamt 
oder teilweise entfällt; oder 
relevant 
payment 
of 
interest be cancelled; or 
(iii) 
ein anderes gesetzliches 
oder 
behördliches 
Ausschüttungsverbot oder 
irgendeine 
andere 
Beschränkung 
von 
Ausschüttungen unter den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
besteht 
(einschließlich, jedoch nicht 
ausschließlich, 
der 
Berechnung 
und 
der 
Einhaltung des Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrags); oder 
(iii) 
another 
prohibition 
of 
Distributions is imposed by 
law or an authority or any 
other restriction to make 
Distributions exists under 
the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations (including, but 
not 
limited 
to, 
the 
calculation of, and the 
compliance 
with, 
the 
Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount); or 
(iv) 
wenn die Emittentin am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 
InsO 
oder 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne 
von § 17 InsO ist, soweit 
diese Zinszahlung zu einer 
Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führen würde 
oder 
eine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 
18 InsO vorliegt. 
(iv) 
if 
the 
Issuer 
is 
over-
indebted 
within 
the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or 
illiquid within the meaning 
of § 17 InsO on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, to 
the extent that the relevant 
payment of interest would 
result 
in 
an 
over-
indebtedness or illiquidity of 
the Issuer or an imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the 
Issuer within the meaning 
of § 18 InsO exists. 
Die 
Emittentin 
teilt 
den 
Anleihegläubigern spätestens am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß § 11 mit, wenn und in 
welcher Höhe eine Zinszahlung 
nach § 3(8)(b) ausgeschlossen 
ist und entfällt. Ein Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit des Ausfalls der 
Zinszahlungen 
und 
stellt 
in 
keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. Eine bis zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
nicht erfolgte Benachrichtigung 
ist unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11 no later than on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date if, and to 
the extent, a payment of interest 
is 
excluded 
and 
cancelled 
pursuant to § 3(8)(b). Any failure 
to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the cancellation and 
shall not constitute a default of 
the Issuer for any purpose. A 
notice which has not been given 
until 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date shall be given 
without undue delay thereafter. 
(c) 
Aufgelaufene aber nicht gezahlte 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bis 
(einschließlich) 
einem 
Auslöseereignis (wie in § 5(9)(a) 
(c) 
Any accrued but unpaid interest 
on the Notes up to (and including) 
a Trigger Event (as defined in 
§ 5(9)(a)) (whether or not such 
interest has become due for

--- Page 78 ---
76 
definiert) (unabhängig davon, ob 
solche Zinsen fällig geworden 
sind) entfallen automatisch. Zur 
Klarstellung, aufgelaufene aber 
nicht gezahlte Zinsen ab dem 
Auslöseereignis 
bis 
zur 
Herabschreibung 
entfallen 
ebenfalls 
automatisch, 
selbst 
wenn 
keine 
entsprechende 
Mitteilung gemacht wurde. 
payment) will be automatically 
cancelled. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any accrued but unpaid 
interest from the Trigger Event up 
to the write-down date will also be 
automatically cancelled even if no 
notice has been given to that 
effect. 
(d) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Mittel 
aus 
entfallenen 
Zinszahlungen uneingeschränkt 
zur 
Erfüllung 
ihrer 
eigenen 
Verpflichtungen 
zu 
nutzen. 
Soweit Zinszahlungen entfallen, 
schließt dies sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
ein. Entfallene Zinszahlungen 
werden nicht nachgezahlt. 
(d) 
The Issuer is entitled to use the 
funds from cancelled payments of 
interest without restrictions for the 
fulfilment of its own obligations. 
To the extent that payments of 
interest 
are 
cancelled, 
such 
cancellation 
includes 
all 
Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 7(1)) payable pursuant to § 7. 
Any payments of interest which 
have been cancelled will not be 
made at any later date. 
(e) 
Das Entfallen einer Zinszahlung 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
(e) 
The cancellation of any interest 
payment shall not entitle the 
Noteholders to terminate the 
Notes and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer for any 
purpose. 
(9) 
Bestimmte Definitionen. 
(9) 
Certain Definitions. 
"Anwendbare 
Aufsichtsrechtliche 
Vorschriften" bezeichnet die jeweils 
gültigen, 
sich 
auf 
die 
Kapitalanforderungen, die Solvabilität, 
andere 
Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder Abwicklung der Emittentin 
und/oder der jeweiligen Institutsgruppe, 
zu 
der 
die 
Emittentin 
gehört, 
beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankaufsichtsrechts und der darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, der jeweils geltenden 
Leitlinien 
und 
Empfehlungen 
der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, der Verwaltungspraxis 
einer 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
den 
einschlägigen 
Entscheidungen 
der 
Gerichte 
und 
den 
anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" means the provisions of 
bank 
supervisory 
laws 
and 
any 
regulations and other rules thereunder 
applicable from time to time (including, 
but not limited to, the guidelines and 
recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority and/or the European 
Central 
Bank, 
the 
administrative 
practice of any competent authority, 
any applicable decision of a court and 
any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, 
other prudential requirements and/or 
resolution and applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the banking group to which the 
Issuer belongs from time to time. 
"Ausschüttung" bezeichnet jede Art 
der Auszahlung von Dividenden oder 
"Distribution" means any kind of 
payment of dividends or interest.

--- Page 79 ---
77 
Zinsen. 
"Ausschüttungsfähige 
Posten" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinszahlung die ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
wie 
jeweils 
in 
den 
im 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften, zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 128 CRR definiert; zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet 
dieser Begriff den Gewinn am Ende des 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftsjahres der Emittentin, für das 
ein testierter Jahresabschluss vorliegt, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Gewinne 
und 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
verfügbare 
Rücklagen, 
vor 
der 
Ausschüttung an die Eigner von 
Eigenmittelinstrumenten, 
jedoch 
abzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Verluste und gemäß anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften der Europäischen 
Union oder Deutschlands oder der 
Satzung 
der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähiger Gewinne und in 
die 
gemäß 
anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften Deutschlands oder 
der Satzung der Emittentin nicht 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Rücklagen 
eingestellter Beträge, jeweils in Bezug 
auf 
die 
spezifische 
Eigenmittelkategorie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente, 
auf 
die 
sich 
die 
anwendbaren Rechtsvorschriften der 
Europäischen 
Union 
oder 
Deutschlands oder die Satzung der 
Emittentin 
beziehen, 
wobei 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen Posten und die 
betreffenden Gewinne, Verluste und 
Rücklagen 
ausgehend 
von 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der Emittentin (und nicht auf der Basis 
eines etwaigen Konzernabschlusses) 
festgestellt werden. 
"Available 
Distributable 
Items" 
means, with respect to any payment of 
interest, the distributable items as 
defined in the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations from time to time, at the 
time of issuance of the Notes in 
Article 4(1) no. 128 CRR; at the time of 
the issuance of the Notes, such term 
refers to the profit as of the end of the 
financial year of the Issuer immediately 
preceding 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date, for which audited 
annual 
financial 
statements 
are 
available, plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that 
purpose, before distributions to holders 
of own funds instruments, less any 
losses brought forward and any profits 
which are non-distributable pursuant to 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
association of the Issuer and any sums 
placed in non-distributable reserves in 
accordance with the applicable laws of 
Germany or the articles of association 
of the Issuer, in each case with respect 
to the specific category of own funds of 
the Notes as AT1 Instruments to which 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
associations of the Issuer relate, 
provided that the distributable items 
and the relevant profits, losses and 
reserves shall be determined on the 
basis of the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with German commercial 
law (and not on the basis of its 
consolidated financial statements, if 
any). 
"CRD" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Richtlinie 
2013/36/EU 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013 über den Zugang zur 
Tätigkeit von Kreditinstituten und die 
Beaufsichtigung von Kreditinstituten 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential 
supervision 
of 
credit 
institutions 
and 
investment 
firms,

--- Page 80 ---
78 
und Wertpapierfirmen, zur Änderung 
der Richtlinie 2002/87/EG und zur 
Aufhebung der Richtlinien 2006/48/EG 
und 2006/49/EG, in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRD geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the CRD are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the CRD as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"Kernkapitalinstrumente" bezeichnet 
Kapitalinstrumente, die im Sinne der 
CRR zu den Instrumenten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
oder 
zu 
den 
AT1 
Instrumenten zählen. 
"Tier 1 Instruments" means capital 
instruments which, according to the 
CRR, qualify as common equity tier 1 
capital or AT1 Instruments. 
"Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähiger 
Betrag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
(in 
gegenwärtiger 
Umsetzung 
von 
Artikel 141(2) CRD in deutsches Recht) 
nach § 10 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Nr. 5 e) KWG 
i.V.m. § 37 SolvV ermittelten maximal 
ausschüttungsfähigen Betrag für die 
kombinierte 
Kapitalpufferanforderung 
nach § 10i KWG. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" 
means the maximum distributable 
amount determined in accordance with 
§ 10(1) sentence 1 no. 5 (e) KWG in 
connection with § 37 SolvV for the 
combined capital buffer requirement in 
accordance with § 10i KWG (currently 
transposing Article 141(2) CRD into 
German law). 
"SolvV" bezeichnet die Verordnung zur 
angemessenen Eigenmittelausstattung 
von 
Instituten, 
Institutsgruppen, 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
und 
gemischten 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der 
SolvV geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht 
sich 
der 
Verweis 
auf 
Bestimmungen der SolvV in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"SolvV" means the regulation on the 
capital adequacy of institutions, groups 
of institutions, financial holding groups 
and mixed financial holding groups 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
SolvV are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the SolvV as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1) 
Allgemeines. 
(1) 
General. 
(a) 
Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
außerhalb 
der 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in accordance with 
§ 4(2) to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States.

--- Page 81 ---
79 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(b) 
Zahlungen 
von 
Zinsen. Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of 
interest on Notes shall be made 
in accordance with § 4(2) to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich 
geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
erfolgen zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung. 
(2) 
Manner 
of 
Payment. Subject 
to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des 
§ 4(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten 
und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) 
United States. For the purposes of § 4 
(1), "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Discharge. The 
Issuer 
shall 
be 
discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag. Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung von 
Kapital oder Zinsen in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahlungsgeschäftstag ist, 
dann 
haben 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahlungsgeschäftstag und 
sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verschiebung zu verlangen. 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any principal or interest in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Noteholders 
shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next Payment Business Day and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für 
diese 
Zwecke 
bezeichnet 
"Zahlungsgeschäftstag" jeden Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem das Clearing System operativ 
ist und der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
For 
these 
purposes 
"Payment 
Business Day" means any day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System is operative and which 
is a Business Day. 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
(6) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, the following amounts:

--- Page 82 ---
80 
Beträge ein: den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) ein. 
the Current Nominal Amount of the 
Notes and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7 (as 
defined in § 7(1)). 
(7) 
Hinterlegung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht Stuttgart Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Anleihegläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von 
zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, auch wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
jeweiligen 
Ansprüche 
der 
Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
(7) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The 
Issuer may deposit with the local court 
in Stuttgart amounts of interest or 
principal 
not 
claimed 
by 
the 
Noteholders within twelve months after 
the due date, even though such 
Noteholders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that such deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Noteholders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
Rückzahlung; Herabschreibungen; 
Hochschreibungen 
§ 5 
Redemption; Write-downs; Write-ups 
(1) 
Keine 
Endfälligkeit. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen haben keinen 
Endfälligkeitstag. 
(1) 
No Scheduled Maturity. The Notes 
have no scheduled maturity date. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
(außer im Falle einer Kündigung 
gemäß § 5(2)-(5)) nur im Fall der 
Liquidation der Emittentin vorbehaltlich 
§ 2 zur sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig. 
Other than in the event of a redemption 
in accordance with § 5(2)-(5) the Notes 
shall become immediately due and 
payable only in the event of the 
liquidation of the Issuer, subject to § 2. 
(2) 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
zu jedem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen und 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(2) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. The Issuer may, subject to the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, with effect as of any Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below). 
"Optionaler 
Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet:  
"Optional Redemption Date" means:

--- Page 83 ---
81 
[(i) 
jeden 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
während des Zeitraums ab dem [●]3 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
[und]] 
[(i) each Payment Business Day during 
the period from and including [●]4 up to 
and excluding the First Reset Date 
[and]] 
[(i)][(ii)] [den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag [und]]; 
[(i)][(ii)] [the First Reset Date [and]]; 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
jeden auf den Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
folgenden 
[Zinsanpassungstag] 
[Zinszahlungstag]. 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
each 
[Reset 
Date] 
[Interest Payment Date] after the First 
Reset Date. 
"Erster 
Zinsanpassungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag einfügen]. 
"First Reset Date" means [insert First 
Reset Date]. 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(2) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an dem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
Optionalen Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(vorbehaltlich eines Ausschlusses der 
Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(2), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date on the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
(3) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert, was 
(3) 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons. The Issuer may, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if there is a change 
in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes that 
(a) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
zu 
bestimmen) 
auf 
(a) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
solo basis) would, on a solo basis 
of the Issuer, be likely to result in 
(i) their exclusion in full or in part 
 
3 
[●] Monate vor dem Ersten Zinsanpassungstag, jedenfalls nicht früher als vor Ablauf von 5 Jahren ab Valuta. 
4 
[●] months prior to the First Reset Date, and in no event earlier than 5 years from the date of issue.

--- Page 84 ---
82 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde; oder 
from the Issuer’s own funds 
under 
the 
CRR 
or 
(ii) 
a 
reclassification as a lower quality 
form of the Issuer’s own funds 
than their classification as of the 
issue date; or 
(b) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
konsolidierter der Emittentin zu 
bestimmen) auf konsolidierter 
Ebene 
der 
Emittentin 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde, 
(b) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
consolidated basis) would, on a 
consolidated basis of the Issuer, 
be likely to result in (i) their 
exclusion in full or in part from the 
Issuer’s own funds under the 
CRR or (ii) a reclassification as a 
lower quality form of the Issuer’s 
own funds than their classification 
as of the issue date, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(a) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn (i) sie es für 
ausreichend sicher hält, dass eine 
Änderung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Einstufung 
stattfindet 
und 
(ii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen 
hat, 
dass 
die 
aufsichtsrechtliche Neueinstufung am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen 
war. 
provided that in respect of a redemption 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the Notes the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant 
to which the competent authority may 
approve such redemption only if (i) it 
considers the change in the regulatory 
classification to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrated to its 
satisfaction 
that 
the 
regulatory 
reclassification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der vollständige oder 
teilweise 
Ausschluss 
von 
den 
Eigenmitteln 
infolge 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
begründet kein Kündigungsrecht nach 
§ 5(3). 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
exclusion in full or in part from the own 
funds due to a write-down pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b) does not constitute a right to 
redeem under § 5(3). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(3) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag erfüllt sind, ist die 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(3), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business

--- Page 85 ---
83 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (der 
ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein muss) 
zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption on the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(4) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Folge einer 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
eingetretenen 
Rechts- 
oder 
Rechtsprechungsänderung, 
einschließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Änderung von 
steuerrechtlichen 
Gesetzen, 
Regelungen oder Verfahrensweisen, 
ändert (d.h. im Hinblick auf die 
steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit der unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Zinsen 
oder 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) 
definiert)) und, bei einer Rückzahlung 
vor dem fünften Jahrestag des Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(b) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn sich die geltende 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert und die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hat, dass die Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
wesentlich ist und am Begebungstag 
nicht vorherzusehen war. 
(4) 
Redemption 
for 
Reasons 
of 
Taxation. The Issuer may, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if the tax treatment 
of the Notes, due to a change in 
applicable 
legislation 
or 
relevant 
jurisprudence, including (but not limited 
to) a change in any fiscal legislation, 
rules or practices, which takes effect 
after the Interest Commencement 
Date, changes (i.e. the tax deductibility 
of interest payable on the Notes or the 
obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1))) and, in respect of 
a 
redemption 
prior 
to 
the 
fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the 
Notes, the conditions in Article 78(4)(b) 
CRR are met, pursuant to which the 
competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if there is a change in 
the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes which the Issuer demonstrated 
to its satisfaction is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
der 
Any change in the tax treatment of the 
Notes resulting in a withholding or

--- Page 86 ---
84 
Schuldverschreibungen, die zu einem 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern auf 
die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge führt, die jedoch zu 
keiner Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) führt, begründet 
kein Kündigungsrecht gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4). 
deduction of taxes on amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes which, however, 
do not create an obligation of the Issuer 
to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7(1)), will not constitute a right to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to this 
§ 5(4). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(der 
ein 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(4), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption on the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(5) 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin [75][●]% oder mehr des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft 
und 
jeweils 
entwertet hat, kann die Emittentin, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●], 
nachdem sie gemäß diesem § 5(5) die 
Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und wenn die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkauf-
bedingungen gemäß § 5(6) an dem für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(der ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
die 
übrigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
aber nicht teilweise an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert), zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach § 
3(8))
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
(5) 
Redemption for Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount. In case 
[75][●] per cent. or more of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased 
by the Issuer, and in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, upon [not 
less than 10 and not more than 30 
Business Days’] [●] prior notice, subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, 
exercise 
its 
call 
right 
in 
accordance with this § 5(5) and redeem 
the remaining Notes, in whole but not in 
part, on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day) at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 87 ---
85 
zurückzahlen. 
(6) 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen. Eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 5 und 
ein Rückkauf nach § 10(2) unterliegt 
den 
folgenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen"): 
(6) 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase. Any redemption pursuant 
to this § 5 and any repurchase pursuant 
to § 10(2) is subject to the following 
conditions 
(the 
"Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase"): 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat von der für die 
Emittentin 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde die vorherige 
Zustimmung nach Art. 77, 78 
CRR 
(oder 
einer 
Nachfolgebestimmung) für die 
Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf 
erhalten. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
setzt 
eine Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 
77, 78 CRR voraus, dass eine der 
folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt ist: 
(a) 
The Issuer has obtained the prior 
consent 
of 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority for the 
redemption or any repurchase in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
(or 
any 
successor 
provision). At the time of the 
issuance 
of 
the 
Notes, 
permission pursuant to Articles 
77, 78 CRR requires that either of 
the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor 
oder gleichzeitig mit der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest gleicher Qualität 
zu Bedingungen, die im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind; 
oder 
(i) 
before or at the same time 
as the redemption or the 
repurchase, 
the 
Issuer 
replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
die 
Emittentin 
hat 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
hinreichend nachgewiesen, 
dass ihre Eigenmittel und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten nach der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
die 
Anforderungen nach den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
um 
eine 
Spanne übersteigen, die 
die zuständige Behörde für 
erforderlich hält; 
(ii) 
the 
Issuer 
has 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
competent authority that 
the own funds and eligible 
liabilities 
of 
the 
Issuer 
would, 
following 
such 
redemption or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements 
laid down in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations by 
a 
margin 
that 
the 
competent 
authority 
considers necessary; 
wobei die zuständige Behörde 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
eine 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einen 
Rückkauf 
eine 
allgemeine 
provided that the competent 
authority may grant the Issuer a 
general prior permission to make 
a redemption or a repurchase for

--- Page 88 ---
86 
vorherige Zustimmung für einen 
bestimmten Zeitraum, der auf ein 
Jahr begrenzt ist und danach 
verlängert werden kann, und 
einen vorab von der zuständigen 
Behörde 
festgelegten 
Betrag 
erteilen 
kann, 
die 
Kriterien 
unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass 
jede 
derartige 
künftige 
Rückzahlung bzw. jeder derartige 
künftige Rückkauf im Einklang 
mit den oben unter (i) und (ii) 
festgelegten 
Bedingungen 
vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende 
Vorkehrungen hinsichtlich ihrer 
Fähigkeit trifft, mit Eigenmitteln, 
die 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen 
Beträge 
übersteigen, tätig zu sein. 
a specified period, which shall not 
exceed one year, after which it 
may be renewed, and for a 
certain predetermined amount as 
set by the competent authority, 
subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such future redemption or 
repurchase will be in accordance 
with the conditions set out in 
points (i) and (ii) above, if the 
Issuer 
provides 
sufficient 
safeguards as to its capacity to 
operate with own funds above the 
amounts 
required 
in 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. 
(b) 
Zusätzlich zu (a) gilt bei einer 
Rückzahlung 
bzw. 
einem 
Rückkauf 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen: (i) im 
Falle 
einer 
Kündigung 
aus 
regulatorischen oder steuerlichen 
Gründen müssen die in § 5(3) 
bzw. 
§ 5(4) 
genannten 
Bedingungen erfüllt sein, und (ii) 
Rückkäufe 
dürfen 
nur 
zum 
Zwecke der Marktpflege und 
innerhalb 
der 
von 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
genehmigten Grenzen erfolgen. 
(b) 
In addition to (a), in the event of a 
redemption or, as the case may 
be, a repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of 
the Notes (i) in case of a 
redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons or reasons of taxation 
the conditions in § 5(3) or, as the 
case may be, § 5(4) have to be 
met, and (ii) repurchases may be 
made only for market making 
purposes and within the limits 
permitted 
by 
the 
competent 
authority. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
Nichterteilung der Zustimmung 
gemäß Artikel 77, 78 CRR durch 
die 
zuständige 
Behörde 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any 
refusal of the competent authority 
to 
grant 
permission 
in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption 
and 
does 
not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purpose. 
(c) 
Es 
ist 
kein 
Auslöseereignis 
eingetreten, und zwar weder vor 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
noch 
ab 
dem Tag, an dem die Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, bis zu dem für die 
(c) 
Neither prior to the exercise of the 
redemption right nor in the period 
from and including the date on 
which the notice to exercise the 
redemption right is given to and 
including the date fixed for 
redemption a Trigger Event has

--- Page 89 ---
87 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin (jeweils einschließlich). 
occurred. 
(d) 
(i) Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
am 
Rückzahlungstag 
weder 
überschuldet im Sinne von § 19 
InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages 
führt 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin und (iii) es liegt keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vor. 
(d) 
(i) The Issuer is neither over-
indebted within the meaning of 
§ 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of redemption, (ii) the payment of 
the Redemption Amount does not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists. 
Ungeachtet 
der 
oben 
genannten 
Bedingungen, falls die zum Zeitpunkt 
der Rückzahlung oder des Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften eine Rückzahlung oder 
einen Rückkauf nur zulassen, wenn 
eine solche Rückzahlung oder ein 
solcher Rückkauf im Einklang mit 
zumindest 
einer 
alternativen 
oder 
weiteren Voraussetzung steht, dann 
muss die Emittentin jeder dieser 
etwaigen 
anderen 
und/oder 
zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen (wie 
jeweils anwendbar) entsprechen. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, 
if, at the time of any redemption or 
repurchase, the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations permit the redemption or 
repurchase only after compliance with 
one or more alternative or additional 
pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, as applicable, additional pre-
conditions, if any. 
Eine Erklärung der Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) oder (5) hat gemäß § 11 
zu erfolgen. Sie muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin und 
im Falle einer Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(3), (4) oder (5) den Grund für die 
Rückzahlung nennen. 
A notice of redemption pursuant to 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) or (5) shall be given in 
accordance with § 11. Such notice shall 
state the date fixed for redemption and, 
in the case of a notice pursuant to 
§ 5(3), (4) or (5), the reason for the 
redemption. 
Falls zwischen dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem 
die Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, und dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin ein 
Auslöseereignis eintritt, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
zurückgezahlt 
und 
die 
Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts gilt 
automatisch als zurückgenommen und 
ist null und nichtig. 
If a Trigger Event occurs in the period 
between the date on which notice to 
exercise the redemption right is given 
and the date fixed for redemption, the 
Notes must not be redeemed on the 
date fixed for redemption and the notice 
of redemption shall automatically be 
deemed revoked and shall be null and 
void. 
§ 41 InsO bleibt unberührt. 
§ 41 InsO remains unaffected. 
(7) 
Kündigung 
nach 
erfolgter 
Hochschreibung; Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht nach § 5(2) nur 
(7) 
Redemption 
after 
Write-Up; 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer may 
exercise its redemption right pursuant 
to § 5(2) only if any write-downs

--- Page 90 ---
88 
ausüben, 
wenn 
etwaige 
Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
wieder gemäß § 5(10) vollständig auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrag 
hochgeschrieben worden sind. 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b) have been fully 
written up to the Original Nominal 
Amount in accordance with § 5(10). 
Die Emittentin ist nach Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses nicht zur Ausübung 
ihrer Rückzahlungsrechte nach § 5(2), 
(3), (4) oder (5) berechtigt, bis die 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9) 
vorgenommen wurde. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event 
the Issuer is not entitled to exercise its 
redemption rights pursuant to § 5(2), 
(3), (4) or (5) until the write-down 
pursuant to § 5(9) has been effected. 
Im Übrigen steht die Ausübung der 
Kündigungsrechte nach § 5(2), (3), (4) 
und (5) im alleinigen Ermessen der 
Emittentin. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
above, 
the 
exercise of the redemption rights 
pursuant to § 5(2), (3), (4) and (5) shall 
be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrem 
dann Aktuellen Nennbetrag, soweit 
nicht zuvor bereits zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet. 
"Redemption Amount" of each Note, 
unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, shall be 
the then Current Nominal Amount of 
such Note. 
(8) 
Kein 
Kündigungsrecht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger. Die Anleihegläubiger 
sind zur Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht berechtigt. 
(8) 
No Call Right of the Noteholders. The 
Noteholders shall have no right to call 
the Notes for redemption. 
(9) 
Herabschreibung. 
(9) 
Write-down. 
(a) 
Auslöseereignis. Bei Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung 
um 
den 
Betrag 
der 
betreffenden 
Herabschreibung zu reduzieren. 
(a) 
Trigger 
Event. 
Upon 
the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, 
the Current Nominal Amount of 
each Note shall be reduced by 
the amount of the relevant write-
down. 
Ein "Auslöseereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
die 
in 
Artikel 92 
Absatz 
1 
Buchstabe a CRR genannte 
harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
der 
Emittentin 
(die 
"Harte 
Kernkapitalquote"), 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at 
any time, the common equity tier 
1 
capital 
ratio 
pursuant 
to 
Article 92(1)(a) CRR of the Issuer 
(the "Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio"), determined 
(i) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin zu bestimmen, 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin; und/oder 
(i) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a solo basis, on a solo 
basis; and/or 
(ii) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
(ii) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or

--- Page 91 ---
89 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
auf konsolidierter Basis zu 
bestimmen, 
auf 
konsolidierter Basis, 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a consolidated basis, on 
a consolidated basis, 
unter 
[Mindest-CET-1-Quote 
einfügen] %4 
(die 
"Mindest-
CET1-Quote") fällt. 
falls below [insert Minimum 
CET1 
Ratio] per 
cent.5 
(the 
"Minimum CET1 Ratio"). 
Ob zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt ein 
Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, 
wird von der Emittentin, der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder einer anderen von der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
für diesen Zweck ernannten 
Stelle 
bestimmt, 
und 
diese 
Bestimmung 
ist 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
Whether a Trigger Event has 
occurred at any time will be 
determined by the Issuer, the 
competent supervisory authority 
or any agent appointed for such 
purpose 
by 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority and such 
determination will be binding on 
the Noteholders. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Ein 
Auslöseereignis kann zu jeder 
Zeit 
festgestellt 
werden 
und 
mehrfach eintreten. 
For the avoidance of doubt: A 
Trigger Event may be determined 
at any time and may occur on 
more than one occasion. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
berechtigt 
die Anleihegläubiger nicht zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
shall not entitle the Noteholders 
to call the Notes for redemption 
and shall not constitute a default 
of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Herabschreibung. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
eine 
Herabschreibung pro rata mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten, 
die 
eine 
Herabschreibung (gleichviel ob 
permanent oder temporär) oder 
eine Wandlung in Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
bei 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses 
vorsehen, 
vorzunehmen. Wenn im Falle 
eines Auslöseereignisses auch 
andere 
AT1 
Instrumente 
herabzuschreiben 
oder 
in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals zu wandeln sind, die 
nach 
ihren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Auslöseereignis 
das Unterschreiten einer Harten 
(b) 
Write-down. Upon the occurrence 
of a Trigger Event, a write-down 
shall be effected pro rata with all 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
other 
AT1 
Instruments which provide for a 
write-down (whether permanent 
or temporary) or a conversion into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments upon the occurrence 
of such Trigger Event. If upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
other AT1 Instruments are also 
subject to a write-down or are 
subject 
to 
conversion 
into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments, 
where 
the 
respective conditions provide for 
a trigger event at a Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio level 
that is at or above the Minimum 
 
4 
Die Mindest-CET-1-Quote darf nicht unter 5,125 % liegen. 
5 
The Minimum CET1 Ratio must not be below 5.125 per cent.

--- Page 92 ---
90 
Kernkapitalquote vorsehen, die 
auf oder über der Mindest-CET1-
Quote liegt (zusammen mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
"Relevanten AT1 Instrumente"), 
richtet sich das Verhältnis bzw. 
die Reihenfolge, in welcher für 
die jeweils herabzuschreibenden 
oder in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
zu 
wandelnden 
Instrumente 
eine 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften. 
Wird 
dieses 
Verhältnis 
bzw. 
diese 
Reihenfolge 
nicht 
durch 
die 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichts-
rechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorgegeben, so gilt Folgendes: 
CET1 Ratio (together with the 
Notes 
the 
"Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments"), any such write-
down or conversion will occur in 
such order of application or ratio 
as required in accordance with 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. If no such order or 
ratio is required by the Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations, 
the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Eine 
Herabschreibung 
gemäß diesem § 5(9)(b) 
erfolgt, vorbehaltlich der 
Regelung 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes, pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen Relevanten AT1 
Instrumenten. 
(i) 
Any write-down pursuant to 
this § 5(9)(b) will, subject to 
the provision set out in the 
following 
sentence, 
be 
effected pro rata with all 
other 
Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments. 
Dabei 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
sämtliche 
andere 
Relevante AT1 Instrumente 
jeweils nur insoweit an 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
bzw. einer Wandlung in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals beteiligt, wie 
dies insgesamt erforderlich 
ist, 
damit 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
(i) auf 
konsolidierter Basis und 
(ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis 
(jeweils 
nur 
wenn 
und 
solange die Emittentin nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften oder aufgrund 
behördlicher 
Anordnung 
verpflichtet ist, die Harte 
Kernkapitalquote insoweit 
zu bestimmen) diejenige 
Quote wieder erreicht, die 
in 
deren 
jeweiligen 
The Notes and all other 
Relevant AT1 Instruments 
will in the aggregate only be 
written-down or (as the 
case may be) converted 
into common equity tier 1 
capital instruments to the 
extent required to restore 
the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital 
Ratio 
as 
determined 
on 
(i) a 
consolidated 
basis 
and 
(ii) a solo basis (in each 
case only if and as long as 
the 
Issuer 
is 
required 
pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations or 
an administrative order to 
determine the ratio on such 
level) to the ratio provided 
for in their respective terms 
as the ratio triggering the 
event resulting in such 
write-down 
and/or 
conversion into common

--- Page 93 ---
91 
Bedingungen als Quote für 
das die Herabschreibung 
und/oder die Wandlung in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
auslösende 
Ereignis 
festgelegt 
ist; 
wobei 
die 
Summe 
der 
Herabschreibungen 
und 
Wandlungen insgesamt auf 
den 
gesamten, 
im 
Zeitpunkt des Eintritts des 
Auslöseereignisses ausste-
henden Nennbetrag der 
Relevanten 
AT1 
Instrumente beschränkt ist. 
equity 
tier 1 
capital 
instruments; provided that 
the total amount of the 
write-downs 
and 
conversions 
shall 
not 
exceed the sum of the 
outstanding 
principal 
amounts of the Relevant 
AT1 Instruments at the time 
of occurrence of the Trigger 
Event. 
(ii) 
Jedes andere Relevante 
AT1 
Instrument, 
das 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
herabgeschrieben 
oder 
gewandelt werden kann, 
wird für den Zweck der 
Bestimmung der relevanten 
pro rata-Beträge für eine 
Herabschreibung und die 
Berechnung des Betrags 
der Herabschreibung so 
behandelt, als ob seine 
Bedingungen eine teilweise 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
vorsehen 
würden. 
(ii) 
Any other Relevant AT1 
Instrument that may be 
written down or converted 
in full but not in part will, for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the relevant 
pro rata amounts for a 
write-down and calculation 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount, be treated as if its 
terms permit a partial write-
down or conversion. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
hängt nicht von der Wirksamkeit 
oder 
Durchführung 
einer 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
anderer Instrumente ab und ist 
unabhängig 
davon 
gemäß 
§ 5(9)(b) 
vorzunehmen. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Soweit 
die 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
die 
Wandlung in Instrumente des 
harten Kernkapitals unter einem 
oder mehreren der anderen AT1 
Instrumente der Emittentin aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht wirksam 
ist oder nicht durchgeführt wird, 
wird diese unwirksame oder nicht 
durchgeführte Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
bei 
der 
Bestimmung des Betrags der 
Herabschreibung 
der 
(c) 
Effecting a write-down in respect 
of the Notes shall not be 
dependent on the effectiveness 
or implementation of a write-
down or conversion of other 
instruments and any such non-
effectiveness 
or 
non-
implementation 
shall 
not 
prejudice the effecting of a write-
down pursuant to § 5(9)(b). For 
the avoidance of doubt: to the 
extent that the write-down or the 
conversion into common equity 
tier 1 capital instruments of one or 
more 
of 
the 
other 
AT1 
Instruments of the Issuer is not 
effective or is not implemented for 
any reason, such non-effective or 
non-implemented write-down or 
conversion will not be taken into 
account when determining the 
written-down amount in respect

--- Page 94 ---
92 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) nicht berücksichtigt. 
of the Notes under § 5(9)(b). 
Die Summe der in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmenden 
Herabschreibungen ist auf die 
Summe 
der 
Aktuellen 
Nennbeträge aller zum Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
jeweiligen 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beschränkt. 
The sum of the write-downs to be 
effected with respect to the Notes 
shall be limited to the aggregate 
Current Nominal Amount of all 
Notes outstanding at the time of 
occurrence 
of 
the 
relevant 
Trigger Event. 
(d) 
Im Falle des Eintritts eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
wird 
die 
Emittentin: 
(d) 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event, the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
unverzüglich die für sie 
zuständige Behörde sowie 
gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Eintritt dieses 
Auslöseereignisses sowie 
des Umstandes, dass eine 
Herabschreibung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
unterrichten, und 
(i) 
inform 
the 
competent 
authority of the Issuer and, 
in accordance with § 11, 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes without undue delay 
about the occurrence of 
such Trigger Event and the 
fact that a write-down will 
have to be effected, and 
(ii) 
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
innerhalb 
eines 
Monats (soweit die für sie 
zuständige Behörde diese 
Frist nicht verkürzt) die 
bezogen auf die jeweilige 
Schuldverschreibung 
vorzunehmende 
Herabschreibung und den 
daraus 
resultierenden 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbe-
trag feststellen und (A) der 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
(B) den Anleihegläubigern 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 11, 
(C) der 
Berechnungsstelle und der 
Zahlstelle sowie (D) jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung 
der 
Emittentin 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren 
Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse 
(ii) 
determine the write-down 
to 
be 
effected 
without 
undue delay, but not later 
than within one month 
(unless 
the 
competent 
authority 
of 
the 
Issuer 
shortens such period), and 
notify such write-down in 
relation 
to 
each 
Note 
together with the resultant 
new 
Current 
Nominal 
Amount 
(A) to 
the 
competent authority, (B) to 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes in accordance with 
§ 11, (C) to the Calculation 
Agent 
and 
the 
Paying 
Agent and (D), if required 
by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time 
to time at the request of the 
Issuer, 
to 
such 
stock 
exchange.

--- Page 95 ---
93 
verlangen, mitteilen. 
(e) 
Die Herabschreibung ist vorge-
nommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen ist reduziert wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
wenn 
die 
Abgabe 
der 
Mitteilungen an die Anleihe-
gläubiger gemäß § 11 erfolgt ist. 
(e) 
The write-down shall be deemed 
effected at the time when the 
notice to the Noteholders is given 
in accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be reduced at such 
time in the amount as specified in 
the notice. 
Ein Unterlassen der Mitteilungen 
nach § 5(9)(d)(i) und/oder (ii) 
berührt nicht die Wirksamkeit 
einer Herabschreibung und diese 
gilt jedenfalls spätestens ein 
Monat (soweit die zuständige 
Behörde 
diese 
Frist 
nicht 
verkürzt) 
nach 
Eintritt 
des 
betreffenden Auslöseereignisses 
in 
der 
Höhe 
des 
von 
der 
Emittentin festgestellten Betrags 
als vorgenommen. Eine nicht 
erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
Any 
failure 
to 
give 
notices 
pursuant to § 5(9)(d)(i) and/or (ii) 
will not affect the effectiveness of, 
or otherwise invalidate, any write-
down and such write-down shall 
be deemed effected, on the basis 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount 
determined by the Issuer, in any 
event no later than one month 
(unless the competent authority 
of the Issuer shortens such 
period) after the occurrence of 
the relevant Trigger Event. A 
notice which has not been given 
shall be given without undue 
delay. 
(10) Hochschreibung. 
(10) Write-up. 
(a) 
Nach 
der 
Vornahme 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
kann 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung in jedem 
der Geschäftsjahre der Emittentin 
nach der Herabschreibung bis 
zur 
vollständigen 
Höhe 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
(soweit nicht zuvor zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet) 
nach Maßgabe der folgenden 
Regelungen 
dieses 
§ 5(10) 
wieder hochgeschrieben werden, 
soweit 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss 
nach 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss der Emittentin 
zur Verfügung steht und mithin 
hierdurch kein Jahresfehlbetrag 
entsteht oder erhöht würde. Die 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
mit 
Wirkung 
ab 
dem 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
das 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
folgt, für das der zuvor genannte 
Jahresüberschuss 
festgestellt 
(a) 
After a write-down has been 
effected, the Current Nominal 
Amount of each Note, unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, may 
be written up in accordance with 
the following provisions of § 5(10) 
in each of the financial years of 
the Issuer subsequent to the 
occurrence of such write-down 
until the full Original Nominal 
Amount has been reached, to the 
extent 
that 
a 
corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is calculated on the basis of the 
financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with 
German commercial law and the 
write-up will not give rise to or 
increase 
an 
annual 
loss 
(Jahresfehlbetrag). The write-up 
will occur with effect as of the first 
Interest Payment Date (including) 
immediately 
following 
the 
financial year of the Issuer for 
which 
the 
above-mentioned 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss)

--- Page 96 ---
94 
wurde. 
was determined. 
(b) 
Die 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
gleichrangig 
mit 
der 
Hochschreibung 
anderer 
AT1 
Instrumente. 
(b) 
The write-up shall be effected 
pari passu with write-ups of other 
AT1 Instruments. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
einer 
Hochschreibung 
steht 
vorbehaltlich der nachfolgenden 
Vorgaben der nachstehenden 
Ziffern (i) bis (v) im Ermessen der 
Emittentin. Insbesondere kann 
die Emittentin auch dann ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
von 
einer 
Hochschreibung absehen, wenn 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss zur Verfügung 
steht und die Vorgaben der 
nachstehenden Ziffern (i) bis (v) 
erfüllt wären. 
(c) 
Subject to the conditions set out 
in clauses (i) to (v) below, it shall 
be at the discretion of the Issuer 
to effect a write-up. In particular, 
the Issuer may effect a write-up 
only in part or effect no write-up 
at all even if a corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is recorded and the conditions set 
out in clauses (i) to (v) below are 
fulfilled. 
(i) 
Soweit 
der 
festgestellte 
bzw. 
festzustellende 
Jahresüberschuss für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und anderer, mit einem 
vergleichbaren 
Auslöseereignis (ggf. mit 
einer abweichenden harten 
Kernkapitalquote 
als 
Auslöser) 
ausgestatteter 
AT1 Instrumente 
(einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen die 
"Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 
Instrumente") 
verwendet werden soll und 
nach Maßgabe von (ii) und 
(iii) zur Verfügung steht, 
erfolgt die Hochschreibung 
pro rata nach Maßgabe der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente. 
(i) 
To the extent that the 
annual 
profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined is to be used for 
a write-up of the Notes and 
of other AT1 Instruments, 
the terms of which provide 
for a similar Trigger Event 
(also if such terms provide 
for a different common 
equity tier 1 capital ratio as 
trigger) (together with the 
Notes, the "Written Down 
AT1 Instruments"), and is 
available 
in 
accordance 
with (ii) and (iii) below, such 
write-up shall be effected 
pro rata in proportion to the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments. 
(ii) 
Der 
Höchstbetrag, 
der 
insgesamt 
für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
anderer, 
Herabgeschriebener 
AT1 
Instrumente 
sowie 
die 
Zahlung von Zinsen und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
(ii) 
The maximum total amount 
that may be used for a 
write-up of the Notes and of 
other Written Down AT1 
Instruments and for the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments 
shall 
be

--- Page 97 ---
95 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente 
verwendet werden kann, 
errechnet sich nach den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Berechnung 
des 
Höchstbetrags 
für 
Hochschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt für die Berechnung 
folgende Formel: 
calculated in accordance 
with 
the 
regulatory 
technical standards and the 
other 
requirements 
applicable at the time of the 
calculation of the maximum 
total amount for write-ups. 
At the time of the issuance 
of the Notes, the calculation 
is based on the following 
formula: 
H = J × S
T1  
H = J × S
T1  
‘H’ bezeichnet den für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zur Verfügung 
stehenden Höchstbetrag; 
‘H’ means the maximum 
amount available for the 
write-up of the Written 
Down AT1 Instruments and 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down AT1 Instruments; 
‘J’ 
bezeichnet 
den 
festgestellten 
bzw. 
festzustellenden 
Jahresüberschuss 
des 
Vorjahres aus dem nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
oder, 
falls 
niedriger, 
aus 
dem 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin; 
‘J’ means the annual profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined for the previous 
year on the basis of the 
unconsolidated 
annual 
financial statements of the 
Issuer or, if lower, the 
consolidated 
annual 
financial statements of the 
Issuer; 
‘S’ bezeichnet die Summe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
(d.h. 
vor 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen infolge 
eines Auslöseereignisses); 
‘S’ means the sum of the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments 
(i.e. 
before 
write-downs 
due 
to 
a 
Trigger Event have been 
effected); 
‘T1’ bezeichnet den Betrag 
des 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin unmittelbar vor 
Vornahme 
der 
Hochschreibung. 
‘T1’ means the amount of 
the tier 1 capital of the 
Issuer immediately before 
the write-up is effected. 
Der Höchstbetrag ‘H’ ist 
The maximum amount ‘H’

--- Page 98 ---
96 
von der Emittentin nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen 
zu 
bestimmen und der so 
bestimmte 
Betrag 
der 
Hochschreibung zugrunde 
zu legen, ohne dass es 
einer 
Änderung 
dieser 
Ziffer (ii) bedürfte. 
shall be determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with 
the 
regulatory 
technical 
standards and the other 
requirements applicable at 
the time of determination, 
and the write-up shall be 
based on the amount so 
determined 
without 
requiring any amendment 
to this clause (ii). 
(iii) 
Insgesamt darf die Summe 
der 
Beträge 
der 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zusammen mit 
etwaigen Dividenden und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
(einschließlich 
auch der Zinszahlungen 
und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen auf Herab-
geschriebene AT1 Instru-
mente) in Bezug auf das 
betreffende Geschäftsjahr 
den 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag oder einen anderen 
nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
vorgeschriebenen 
Höchstbetrag 
nicht 
überschreiten. 
(iii) 
In total, the sum of the 
amounts of the write-ups of 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments together with 
the 
amounts 
of 
any 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the 
Issuer 
(including 
the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments) 
for 
the 
relevant financial year must 
not exceed the Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount 
or 
any 
other 
maximum 
amount prescribed by the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
for 
this 
purpose. 
(iv) 
Hochschreibungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gehen 
Dividenden 
und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin nicht vor, d.h. 
diese können auch dann 
(iv) 
Write-ups of the Notes do 
not 
have 
priority 
over 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the 
Issuer, i.e. such payments 
and 
Distributions 
are 
permitted even if no full

--- Page 99 ---
97 
vorgenommen 
werden, 
solange keine vollständige 
Hochschreibung erfolgt ist. 
write-up has been effected. 
(v) 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
Hochschreibung darf kein 
Auslöseereignis 
fortbestehen. 
Eine 
Hochschreibung ist zudem 
ausgeschlossen, 
soweit 
diese zu dem Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses führen 
würde. 
(v) 
At the time of a write-up, 
there must not exist any 
Trigger 
Event 
that 
is 
continuing. A write-up is 
also excluded if such write-
up would give rise to the 
occurrence of a Trigger 
Event. 
(d) 
Wenn sich die Emittentin für die 
Vornahme einer Hochschreibung 
nach den Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 5(10) entscheidet, wird sie bis 
spätestens 10 Kalendertage vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag, an dem die 
Hochschreibung bewirkt werden 
soll (der "Hochschreibungstag") 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 11, die Berechnungsstelle, die 
Zahlstelle sowie jede Börse, an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, von der 
Vornahme der Hochschreibung 
unterrichten 
und 
den 
Hochschreibungsbetrag 
als 
Prozentsatz des Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
den 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbetrag und 
den 
Hochschreibungstag 
benennen. Die Hochschreibung 
ist 
vorgenommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige Aktuelle Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist mit 
Wirkung 
zum 
Hochschreibungstag erhöht wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
wenn die Abgabe der Mitteilung 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 11 erfolgt ist. 
(d) 
If the Issuer elects to effect a 
write-up in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 5(10), it shall 
give notice no later than 10 
calendar days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date on which the write-
up will become effective (the 
"Write-Up 
Date"), 
to 
the 
Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11, to the 
Calculation Agent, to the Paying 
Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed from time to 
time at the request of the Issuer, 
to such stock exchange, of the 
write-up specifying the amount of 
the write-up as a percentage of 
the Original Nominal Amount of 
the Notes, the new Current 
Nominal Amount and the Write-
Up Date. The write-up shall be 
deemed to be effected at the time 
when 
the 
notice 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
is 
given 
in 
accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be increased in the 
amount as specified in the notice 
with effect as of the Write-up 
Date. 
§ 6 
Die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle 
§ 6 
Paying Agent(s) and Calculation Agent

--- Page 100 ---
98 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte Zahlstelle, die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren 
jeweilige 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The 
initial Paying Agent and the initial 
Calculation Agent and their respective 
initial specified offices are: 
"Zahlstelle": 
"Paying Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
"Calculation Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified office 
to some other specified offices in the 
same jurisdiction. 
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
einer 
Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
zusätzliche 
oder 
andere 
Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von [mindestens 30 und 
nicht mehr als 45 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
informiert wurden. 
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Calculation Agent or 
the Paying Agent and to appoint 
another Calculation Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain a Paying 
Agent and a Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after [not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 Business 
Days’] [●] prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
(3) 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle und die Zahlstelle 
handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, und es wird 
kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Calculation 
Agent and the Paying Agent act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards, or relationship 
of agency or trust for, any of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 101 ---
99 
 
§ 7 
Steuern 
§ 7 
Taxation  
(1) 
Quellensteuern 
und 
Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
von 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung 
einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, dieser Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. Im Fall des Einbehalts 
oder 
Abzugs 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zinszahlungen (nicht jedoch Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital) 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
diejenigen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern empfangen worden 
wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher zusätzlichen Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
(1) 
Withholding 
Taxes 
and 
Additional 
Amounts. All amounts payable in 
respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding 
or deduction by or in or for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or 
any 
political 
subdivision 
or 
any 
authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In the 
event of such withholding or deduction 
on payments of interest (but not in 
respect of the payment of any principal 
in respect of the Notes), the Issuer shall 
(subject to § 3(8)) pay such additional 
amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders, 
after such withholding or deduction, 
shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been 
receivable by the Noteholders in the 
absence 
of 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction; 
except 
that 
no 
such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als depotführende 
Stelle oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten 
sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden 
Zahlungen 
einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; 
oder 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from 
payments made by it; or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having 
had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes

--- Page 102 ---
100 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in Deutschland stammen 
(oder 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
Besteuerung 
so 
behandelt 
werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, 
Germany; or 
(c) 
denen der Anleihegläubiger nicht 
unterläge, 
wenn 
er 
seine 
Anleihegläubigerstellung binnen 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit oder, 
falls die notwendigen Beträge der 
Zahlstelle bei Fälligkeit nicht zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
binnen 30 Tagen nach dem Tag, 
an dem diese Mittel der Zahlstelle 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind und dies gemäß § 11 
bekannt gemacht wurde, der 
Zahlstelle 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hätte; oder 
(c) 
to which the Noteholder would 
not be subject if it had sufficiently 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
Paying 
Agent its status as a Noteholder 
within 30 days from the due date 
for payment, or, if the necessary 
funds were not provided to the 
Paying Agent when due, within 
30 days from the date on which 
such funds are provided to the 
Paying Agent and a notice to that 
effect has been published in 
accordance with § 11; or 
(d) 
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen 
oder einbehalten werden, wenn 
die Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle ohne den Abzug oder 
Einbehalt hätte vorgenommen 
werden können; oder 
(d) 
are deducted or withheld by a 
Paying Agent from a payment if 
the payment could have been 
made by another Paying Agent 
without 
such 
deduction 
or 
withholding; or 
(e) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
einem Kreditinstitut verwahrt und 
die 
Zahlungen 
von 
diesem 
eingezogen worden wären, oder 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Notes 
had been kept in safe custody 
with, and the payments had been 
collected by, a banking institution; 
or 
(f) 
wegen 
einer 
Rechtsänderung 
oder einer Änderung in der 
Rechtsanwendung 
zu 
zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
wirksam wird; oder 
(f) 
are payable by reason of a 
change in a law or administrative 
practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, 
or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof 
is 
published 
in 
accordance with § 11, whichever 
occurs later; or 
(g) 
durch 
die 
Erfüllung 
von 
gesetzlichen Anforderungen oder 
durch 
die 
Vorlage 
einer 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder 
durch 
die 
sonstige 
Geltendmachung 
eines 
Anspruchs 
auf 
Befreiung 
gegenüber 
der 
betreffenden 
(g) 
are avoidable or would have been 
avoidable through compliance 
with statutory requirements or 
through the submission of a 
declaration of non-residence or 
by otherwise enforcing a claim for 
exemption at the relevant tax 
authority; or

--- Page 103 ---
101 
Steuerbehörde vermeidbar sind 
oder gewesen wären; oder 
(h) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden, weil der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
selbst 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist und 
der Abzug oder Einbehalt bei 
Zahlungen 
an 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer nicht 
erfolgt wäre oder eine Zahlung 
zusätzlicher Beträge bei einer 
Zahlung an den wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer nach Maßgabe der 
vorstehenden Regelungen hätte 
vermieden werden können, wenn 
dieser 
zugleich 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gewesen wäre. 
(h) 
are 
deducted 
or 
withheld 
because the beneficial owner of 
the Notes is not itself their legal 
owner 
(Noteholder) 
and 
the 
deduction 
or 
withholding 
in 
respect of payments to the 
beneficial owner would not have 
been made or the payment of 
Additional Amounts in respect of 
a payment to the beneficial owner 
in accordance with the above 
provisions 
could 
have 
been 
avoided if the latter had also been 
the legal owner (Noteholder) of 
the Notes. 
(2) 
FATCA. 
Die 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
soll 
keine 
Anwendung finden auf Steuern oder 
Abgaben, die nur zu zahlen sind auf 
Grund 
einer 
Nichteinhaltung 
von 
Anforderungen 
durch 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer (oder ein 
Finanzinstitut, 
durch 
das 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält oder durch 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten ist) 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zertifizierung, 
Information, 
Identifikation, 
Dokumentation 
oder 
andere 
Mitteilungen 
(einschließlich 
dem 
Abschluss und der Einhaltung von 
Vereinbarungen mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service) gemäß (a) den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (in der am Tag 
der 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Fassung oder gemäß geänderter oder 
nachfolgender Bestimmungen, soweit 
diese geänderten oder nachfolgenden 
Bestimmungen 
nicht 
wesentlich 
beschwerlicher sind als jene am Tag 
der Ausgabe geltenden Fassung) oder 
(2) 
FATCA. The obligation of the Issuer to 
pay Additional Amounts shall not apply 
to any taxes or duties that would not 
have been imposed but for a failure by 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner (or 
any financial institution through which 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner 
holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made) to 
comply 
with 
any 
certification, 
information, 
identification, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirements (including entering into 
and complying with an agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service) 
imposed (a) pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code as in effect on the date 
of issuance of the Notes or any 
successor or amended version of these 
provisions, 
to 
the 
extent 
such 
successor or amended version is not 
materially more onerous than these 
provisions as enacted on such date or 
any current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof, (b) under 
an 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
entered into between the United States 
and the government of another country 
in order to implement the requirements 
of these provisions or (c) any law, 
regulation or other official written

--- Page 104 ---
102 
aktuellen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
offiziellen 
Auslegungen 
hiervon, 
(b) 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und 
einem anderen Staat zur Umsetzung 
der Anforderungen aus diesen Normen 
oder 
(c) 
einem 
Gesetz, 
einer 
Verordnung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
offiziellen Richtlinie, das bzw. die in 
einem anderen Staat erlassen wurde. 
guidance enacted in any other country. 
§ 8 
Vorlegungsfrist 
§ 8 
Term of presentation 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
zehn 
Jahre 
verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801(1) 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen, 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
§ 9 
Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions, 
Noteholders’ Representative 
(1) 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Einhaltung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Voraussetzungen 
für 
die 
Anerkennung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
(falls 
aufsichtsrechtlich 
erforderlich) 
der 
Zustimmung der zuständigen Behörde 
entsprechend den Bestimmungen des 
Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
"SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit 
der in § 9(2) bestimmten Mehrheit über 
einen 
im 
SchVG 
zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin 
vereinbaren. Die Emittentin wird die 
zuständige Behörde vor Durchführung 
der 
Abstimmung 
von 
den 
zur 
Abstimmung 
vorzulegenden 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
unterrichten. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
können 
nicht 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
geändert werden. 
(1) 
Amendment 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions. In accordance with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), the 
Noteholders 
may, 
subject 
to 
compliance with the requirements of 
regulatory law for the recognition of the 
Notes as AT1 Instruments and (if 
necessary under applicable regulatory 
laws) the permission of the competent 
authority, agree with the Issuer on 
amendments 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution 
with the majority specified in § 9(2). The 
Issuer 
will 
notify 
the 
competent 
authority of changes to the Terms and 
Conditions to be submitted for voting 
prior to the voting. For the avoidance of 
doubt: The Terms and Conditions may 
not be amended without the consent of 
the Issuer. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
sind 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on 
all Noteholders. A majority resolution 
which does not provide for identical 
conditions for all Noteholders is void,

--- Page 105 ---
103 
der Anleihegläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Anleihegläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die 
benachteiligten 
Anleihegläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
unless 
Noteholders 
who 
are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented to 
their being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger entscheiden mit einer 
Mehrheit 
von 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des 
§ 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG 
betreffen, 
bedürfen 
zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit 
der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed 
by a majority of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters 
listed in § 5(3) nos. 1 to 9 SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes 
cast. 
(3) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle 
Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
und 
eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine 
solche 
Versammlung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall 
des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
(3) 
Vote without a meeting. All votes will be 
taken exclusively by vote taken without 
a meeting. A meeting of Noteholders 
and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18(4) 
sentence 2 SchVG. 
(4) 
Leitung 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Die 
Abstimmung wird von einem von der 
Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, 
falls der gemeinsame Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie gemäß § 9(6) 
bestellt) zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger geleitet. 
(4) 
Chair of the vote. The vote will be 
chaired by a notary appointed by the 
Issuer 
or, 
if 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative (as appointed pursuant 
to § 9(6)) has convened the vote, by the 
Noteholders’ Representative. 
(5) 
Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
nimmt 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen 
Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin 
oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) 
zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen gehalten 
werden. 
(5) 
Voting 
rights. 
Each 
Noteholder 
participating in any vote shall cast votes 
in accordance with the principal amount 
or the notional share of its entitlement 
to the outstanding Notes. The voting 
right is suspended as long as the Notes 
of the Issuer or an affiliate (within the 
meaning 
of 
§ 271(2) 
German 
Commercial Code (HGB)) or are held 
for the account of the Issuer or an 
affiliate. 
(6) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
(6) 
Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
The 
Noteholders may by majority resolution

--- Page 106 ---
104 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter für alle Anleihegläubiger 
bestellen. Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, 
welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit 
er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten 
der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser 
Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
 
appoint a common representative to 
exercise the Noteholders’ rights on 
behalf 
of 
each 
Noteholder. 
The 
Noteholders’ Representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by law 
or granted by majority resolution of the 
Noteholders. 
The 
Noteholders’ 
Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent 
that 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative has been authorised to 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Noteholders’ 
Representative shall provide reports to 
the Noteholders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the recall and the other rights 
and obligations of the Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
Rückkauf und Entwertung 
§ 10 
Further Issues, Repurchases 
and Cancellation 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabekurses und/oder des ersten 
Zinszahlungstags) in der Weise zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price 
and/or the first interest payment date) 
so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
(2) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
mit der vorherigen Zustimmung der 
zuständigen Behörde und vorbehaltlich 
§ 5(6) Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen 
Kurs zurückzukaufen. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses darf die Emittentin 
keine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
diesem § 10(2) zurückkaufen, solange 
eine hieraus folgende Herabschreibung 
noch nicht erfolgt ist. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may, with the 
prior permission of the competent 
authority 
and 
subject 
to 
§ 5(6), 
repurchase Notes in the market or 
otherwise at any price. Upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, the 
Issuer may not repurchase any Notes 
pursuant to this § 10(2) if and so long 
as a write-down resulting herefrom has 
not been effected. Notes repurchased 
by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered

--- Page 107 ---
105 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks 
Entwertung 
eingereicht 
werden.  
to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Nichterteilung der 
Zustimmung durch die zuständige 
Behörde zu einem Rückkauf nach 
§ 10(2) berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt: Any refusal 
of the competent authority to grant 
permission for a repurchase pursuant 
to 
§ 10(2) 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer. 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht 
wiederbegeben 
oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen, 
außer 
den 
in 
§ 9 
vorgesehenen Bekanntmachungen, die 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG erfolgen, 
sind 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com (oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeseite zu der angegebenen 
Seite)) 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Eine 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Mitteilungen mit dem Tage der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als erfolgt.  
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the 
Notes, other than any notices stipulated 
in § 9 which shall be made exclusively 
pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG, shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com (or 
any 
successor page to this page)). Any 
notice shall be deemed to be effected 
on the day of its publication (or in the 
case of more than one publication on 
the day of the first publication). 
(2) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System. Sofern die Regularien der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(oder 
einer 
anderen 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen notieren) dies 
zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
Bekanntmachungen auch durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
oder durch eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
direkt an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
bewirken. Bekanntmachungen über 
das Clearing System gelten sieben 
Tage nach der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System, direkte Mitteilungen 
an die Anleihegläubiger mit ihrem 
Zugang als bewirkt. 
(2) 
Notices to the Clearing System. The 
Issuer shall also be entitled to make 
notices to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders or directly to the 
Noteholders provided this complies 
with the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(or 
any 
other 
Stock 
Exchange on which the Notes are 
listed). Notices to the Clearing System 
shall be deemed to be effected seven 
days after the notification to the 
Clearing System, direct notices to the 
Noteholders shall be deemed to be 
effected upon their receipt.

--- Page 108 ---
106 
§ 12 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
§ 12 
Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form 
and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Noteholders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German 
law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist 
das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
nicht 
ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. Subject to any 
mandatory 
jurisdiction 
for 
specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the 
regional court (Landgericht) Stuttgart, 
Federal Republic of Germany, shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, 
in dem der Anleihegläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(i) 
indem 
er 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) beibringt, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Anleihegläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, 
die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind 
und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vorlegt, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearing Systems bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Noteholder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce 
in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as 
defined 
below) 
with 
whom 
such 
Noteholder 
maintains 
a 
securities 
account in respect of the Notes (a) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, 
(b) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to 
(a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes 
of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of 
recognized standing authorized to 
engage in securities custody business 
with which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the 
Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect or

--- Page 109 ---
107 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, 
die 
im 
Land 
der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
 
enforce its rights under the Notes also 
in any other way which is admitted in 
the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 13 
Sprache 
§ 13 
Language 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
beigefügt. 
Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German 
text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.

--- Page 110 ---
108 
OPTION II: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
IN U.S. DOLLAR BEGEBENE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION II: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR NOTES ISSUED IN U.S. DOLLARS 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung,  
zusätzliches Kernkapital, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination,  
AT1 Capital, Form 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") der 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(die "Emittentin") wird in U.S.-Dollar 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung" 
oder 
"USD") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
USD [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten einfügen] U.S.-Dollar) in einer 
Stückelung 
von 
jeweils 
USD [●]5 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung" oder 
der 
"Ursprüngliche 
Nennbetrag") 
begeben. 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This series of 
subordinated notes (the "Notes") of 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in 
U.S. dollars (the "Specified Currency" 
or "USD") in the aggregate nominal 
amount of USD [insert aggregate 
nominal amount] (in words: [insert 
amount in words] U.S. dollars) in a 
denomination 
of 
USD [●]6 
(the 
"Specified Denomination" or the 
"Original Nominal Amount") each. 
Zweck der Schuldverschreibungen ist 
die Überlassung von Eigenmitteln auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
in 
Form 
von 
zusätzlichem 
Kernkapital 
an 
die 
Emittentin. 
The purpose of the Notes is to furnish 
the Issuer with own funds in the form of 
additional tier 1 capital for an indefinite 
period of time. 
(2) 
Form. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in 
bearer form. 
(3) 
Globalurkunde. 
(3) 
Global Note. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
auf 
den 
Inhaber 
lautende 
Globalurkunde 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft  
(die 
"Globalurkunde"). 
Die 
Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift von zwei 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. Ein Recht 
der Anleihegläubiger auf Ausgabe und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden oder 
Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
The Notes are represented by one 
global note payable to bearer without 
interest coupons (the "Global Note"). 
The Global Note bears the manual or 
facsimile signatures of two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. The right of the Noteholders to 
require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons is 
excluded. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde 
wird bei Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt (das "Clearing System") hin-
terlegt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
(4) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will 
be deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt (the "Clearing System"), 
until the Issuer has satisfied and 
discharged all of its obligations under 
the Notes. 
 
5 
Mindestens USD 200.000. 
6 
At least USD 200,000.

--- Page 111 ---
109 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger. "Anleihegläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigen-
tumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) 
Noteholder. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership 
or other right in the Notes. 
§ 2 
Status 
§ 2 
Status 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte, 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
stehen. 
(1) 
The Notes constitute unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking pari passu among themselves. 
(2) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Insolvenz, 
der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation der Emittentin oder eines 
Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
(2) 
If resolution measures are imposed on 
the Issuer, or in the event of the 
insolvency, dissolution, liquidation or 
composition of the Issuer, or if other 
proceedings 
are 
opened 
for 
the 
avoidance of insolvency of the Issuer or 
against the Issuer, the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes 
(a) 
stehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
wie 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus anderen AT1 Instrumenten 
sowie aus anderen Instrumenten, 
die nach zwingendem Recht mit 
AT1 Instrumenten gleichrangig 
sind; und 
(a) 
rank 
pari 
passu 
with 
the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
other 
AT1 
Instruments 
and 
obligations 
under 
other 
instruments which pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with AT1 Instruments; 
and 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
hinsichtlich Posten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß Artikel 26 CRR und 
etwaigen 
Instrumenten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
nach 
ihren 
Bedingungen oder zwingendem 
Recht gleichrangig mit Posten 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin sind, im Rang vor; und 
(b) 
rank senior to the obligations in 
respect of common equity tier 1 
items of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 26 CRR and any instru-
ments 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
pursuant 
to 
their 
terms 
or 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with common equity 
tier 1 items; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Rang 
vollständig 
nach, 
so 
dass 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einem 
solchen Fall so lange nicht 
erfolgen, bis die Vorrangigen Ver-
(c) 
shall be fully subordinated to the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer, so that in any such event 
no amounts shall be payable in 
respect of the Notes until the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer have been satisfied in full.

--- Page 112 ---
110 
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin voll-
ständig befriedigt sind. 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
oder 
andere 
Eigenmittelinstrumente der Emittentin 
im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 119 
CRR qualifizieren, gehen gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 7a KWG die Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
Eigenmitteln vor. 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer 
qualify as AT1 Instruments or other 
own funds instruments within the 
meaning of Article 4(1) no. 119 CRR, 
the obligations under the Notes will, 
pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG, rank in 
priority to all obligations under own 
funds instruments. 
(3) 
Definitionen. In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
haben 
die 
folgenden 
Begriffe 
die 
folgenden 
Bedeutungen: 
(3) 
Definitions. In 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
"AT1 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument der Emittentin, das 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als Instrument 
des zusätzlichen Kernkapitals gemäß 
Artikel 52 CRR qualifiziert. 
"AT1 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
an additional tier 1 instrument pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR at the relevant time. 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 
575/2013 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRR geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRR in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
CRR are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRR as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
"InsO" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Insolvenzordnung 
(InsO), 
in 
der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der InsO 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht 
sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen 
der InsO in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means the German Insolvency 
Statute (InsO), as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the InsO are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the InsO as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über 
das Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz – 
KWG), in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen des KWG geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen des KWG 
in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz 
– 
KWG), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
KWG are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the KWG as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to

--- Page 113 ---
111 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
time. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument oder nachrangige 
Darlehensinstrument der Emittentin, 
das zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als 
Ergänzungskapitalinstrument 
gemäß 
Artikel 63 CRR qualifiziert. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument 
or 
subordinated 
loan 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
a Tier 2 instrument pursuant to Article 
63 CRR at the relevant time. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten" der 
Emittentin 
bezeichnet 
sämtliche 
folgenden 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin: 
"Senior Ranking Obligations" of the 
Issuer means any and all of the 
following obligations of the Issuer: 
(i) 
die 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus deren nicht 
bevorrechtigten, nicht nachran-
gigen Schuldtiteln im Sinne von 
§ 46f Absatz 6 Satz 1 KWG (auch 
in Verbindung mit § 46f Absatz 9 
KWG)); 
(i) 
the unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (including, but not 
limited to, obligations of the 
Issuer under its non-preferred 
senior debt instruments within the 
meaning of § 46f(6) sentence 1 
KWG (also in conjunction with 
§ 46f(9) KWG)); 
(ii) 
die in § 39 Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 
InsO 
bezeichneten 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin; 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer 
specified in § 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 
InsO; 
(iii) 
die 
nachrangigen 
Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
nicht gemäß § 2(2)(a) und (b) im 
gleichen 
Rang 
zu 
den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
stehen oder diesen im Rang 
nachgehen;  
(iii) 
the subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not, pursuant 
to § 2(2)(a) and (b), rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes;  
(iv) 
andere 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, die nicht bereits von 
(i) bis (iii) erfasst sind und die 
gesetzlich (einschließlich gemäß 
§ 46f Absatz 7a Satz 3 KWG) 
vorrangig 
gegenüber 
AT1 
Instrumenten zu begleichen sind; 
und 
(iv) 
other obligations of the Issuer 
which pursuant to mandatory law 
(including pursuant to § 46f(7a) 
sentence 3 KWG) have to be 
satisfied with priority to AT1 
Instruments 
unless 
already 
captured in (i) through (iii); and 
(v)  
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
deren 
Tier 2 
Instrumenten. 
(v)  
the obligations of the Issuer 
under Tier 2 Instruments. 
(4) 
Unter Beachtung von § 2(2) bleibt es 
der 
Emittentin 
unbenommen, 
ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch aus dem 
sonstigen 
freien 
Vermögen 
zu 
bedienen. 
(4) 
Subject to § 2(2), the Issuer may satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes also 
from 
other 
distributable 
assets 
(sonstiges freies Vermögen) of the 
Issuer. 
(5)
Die Aufrechnung von Forderungen aus 
(5)
No Noteholder may set off his claims

--- Page 114 ---
112 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gegen 
Forderungen 
der 
Emittentin 
ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern wird für ihre Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen keine 
Sicherheit oder Garantie gestellt; eine 
solche Sicherheit oder Garantie wird 
auch zu keinem späteren Zeitpunkt 
gestellt werden. Bereits gestellte oder 
zukünftig gestellte Sicherheiten oder 
Garantien 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin haften nicht für Forderungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen. 
arising under the Notes against any 
claims of the Issuer. No collateral or 
guarantee is, or shall at any time be, 
provided 
securing 
claims 
of 
the 
Noteholders under the Notes. Any 
collateral or guarantee already pro-
vided or granted in the future (as the 
case may be) in connection with other 
liabilities of the Issuer may not be used 
for claims under the Notes. 
(6) 
Zahlungsbedingungen, (vorinsolvenzli-
ches) Zahlungsverbot. 
(6) 
Payment Conditions, (Pre-Insolvency) 
Payment Prohibition. 
(a) 
Nachträglich 
können 
der 
Nachrang gemäß § 2(2) nicht 
beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und jede 
anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist 
nicht verkürzt werden. Bereits vor 
der Vornahme von Abwicklungs-
maßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin oder der Einleitung 
eines 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin steht 
jede Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
dem Vorbehalt der Erfüllung der 
Bedingungen gemäß § 3[(7)][(8)] 
und 
jede 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Maßgabe von § 5(2), § 5(3), 
§ 5(4) oder § 5(5) und jeder 
Rückkauf der Schuldverschrei-
bungen 
nach 
Maßgabe 
von 
§ 10(2) unter dem Vorbehalt der 
Erfüllung der Rückzahlungs- und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6). 
(a) 
No subsequent agreement may 
limit the subordination pursuant 
to § 2(2) or shorten the term of 
the Notes or any applicable 
notice period. Even prior to the 
imposition 
of 
any 
resolution 
measures upon the Issuer, or the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer, any payment of 
interest on the Notes will be 
subject to the conditions set forth 
in § 3[(7)][(8)] being fulfilled, and 
any redemption of the Notes 
pursuant to § 5(2), § 5(3),§ 5(4) 
or § 5(5) and any repurchase of 
the Notes pursuant to § 10(2) will 
be subject to the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase set 
forth in § 5(6) being fulfilled. 
Zu den Bedingungen gemäß 
§ 3[(7)][(8)] 
und 
zu 
den 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6) gehört die Bedingung, 
dass an dem Tag, an dem der 
betreffende Betrag von Kapital 
oder 
Zinsen 
zur 
Zahlung 
vorgesehen 
ist, 
kein 
Eröff-
nungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
The 
conditions 
set forth 
in 
§ 3[(7)][(8)] and the Conditions to 
Redemption and Repurchase set 
forth 
in 
§ 5(6) 
include 
the 
condition that, on the date on 
which the relevant amount of 
principal or interest is scheduled 
to be paid, no reason for the 
opening 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer in accordance with the

--- Page 115 ---
113 
anwendbaren 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt (also (i) die Emittentin am 
Tag 
der relevanten Zahlung 
weder überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig 
im Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
betreffenden 
Betrages von Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führt und (iii) keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vorliegt). 
applicable insolvency regulations 
exists (i.e. (i) the Issuer is neither 
over-indebted within the meaning 
of § 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of the relevant payment, (ii) the 
payment of the relevant amount 
of principal or interest would not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists). 
Das 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
bereits 
vor 
Einleitung eines Insolvenz- oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin nur 
dann einen fälligen Anspruch auf 
die 
betreffende 
vorgesehene 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
oder 
Rückzahlung haben, sofern kein 
Eröffnungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
anwendbaren 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt und die Zahlung des 
betreffenden Betrages nicht die 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
verursachen oder den Prozess 
der Insolvenz der Emittentin 
beschleunigen würde. 
This means that already prior to 
the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer the Noteholders will 
only have a due (fällig) claim for 
the relevant scheduled payment 
of interest or for redemption if no 
reason 
for 
the 
opening 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Issuer 
in 
accordance with the applicable 
insolvency regulations exists and 
if the payment of the relevant 
amount would not cause the 
insolvency of the Issuer or 
accelerate the process of the 
Issuer becoming insolvent. 
(b) 
Werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
anderen als den in § 2(2) und 
§ 2(6)(a) 
beschriebenen 
Umständen zurückgezahlt oder 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückerworben, 
so 
ist 
der 
zurückgezahlte 
oder 
gezahlte 
Betrag 
der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht auf entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurückzugewähren, sofern nicht 
die für die Emittentin zuständige 
Behörde der Rückzahlung oder 
dem Rückkauf zuvor zugestimmt 
hat. 
(b) 
If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased 
by 
the 
Issuer 
otherwise 
than 
in 
the 
circumstances 
described 
in 
§ 2(2) and § 2(6)(a), then the 
amounts redeemed or paid must 
be 
returned 
to 
the 
Issuer 
irrespective of any agreement to 
the 
contrary 
unless 
the 
competent authority of the Issuer 
has given its prior consent to 
such redemption or repurchase. 
(7) 
Hinweis 
auf 
die 
Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnah-
men. Die 
zuständige 
(7) 
Note on the possibility of statutory 
resolution 
measures. Prior 
to 
any 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer,

--- Page 116 ---
114 
Abwicklungsbehörde kann nach den für 
die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen vor einer 
Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
herabschreiben 
(bis 
einschließlich 
auf 
null), 
in 
Geschäftsanteile, Aktien (soweit zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt einschlägig) oder 
andere Eigentumstitel der Emittentin 
umwandeln 
oder 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen treffen, ein-
schließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Übertragung der 
Verbindlichkeiten auf einen anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
einer 
Löschung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
under bank resolution laws applicable 
to the Issuer from time to time, the 
competent resolution authority may 
write down (including to zero) the 
obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, convert them into company 
shares, shares (if existing at the 
relevant point of time) or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer 
or apply any other resolution measure, 
including (but not limited to) any 
transfer of the obligations to another 
entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the 
Notes. 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1) 
Verzinsung, Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) 
Interest Calculation, Interest Payment 
Dates. 
(a) 
Vorbehaltlich des Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8) wird 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ihren 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. 
(a) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), each Note shall bear 
interest on its Current Nominal 
Amount 
from 
and 
including 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") to but excluding the first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
and 
thereafter from and including 
each Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the next following 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Aktueller 
Nennbetrag" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung: 
(i) am 
Begebungstag 
den 
Ursprünglichen Nennbetrag und 
(ii) anschließend ihren ggf. um 
Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) verminderten (soweit 
nicht durch Hochschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(10) 
kompensiert) 
ausstehenden Nennbetrag. 
"Current 
Nominal 
Amount" 
means, with respect to any Note: 
(i) at the issue date, the Original 
Nominal Amount of such Note 
and 
(ii) thereafter, 
the 
then 
outstanding nominal amount of 
such Note as reduced by any 
write-downs pursuant to § 5(9)(b) 
(to the extent not reinstated for by 
write-ups pursuant to § 5(10)). 
(b) 
Zinsen sind vorbehaltlich des 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3(8) 
nachträglich 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
(b) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), 
interest 
shall 
be 
scheduled to be paid in arrear on

--- Page 117 ---
115 
Zahlung vorgesehen. 
each Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
[und] 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] 
eines 
jeden 
Jahres. 
Erster 
Zinszahlungstag ist der [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [im 
Fall 
einer 
kurzen 
ersten 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen: 
(kurze][im Fall einer langen 
ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: 
(lange] erste Zinsperiode). 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
[insert 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Date] [and] [insert 
further 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year. 
The first Interest Payment Date is 
[insert first Interest Payment 
Date] [in the case of a short first 
interest period, insert: (short][in 
the case of a long first interest 
period, insert: (long] first interest 
period). 
(c) 
Der zur Zahlung vorgesehene 
Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(4)(a) 
berechnet. 
(c) 
The amount of interest scheduled 
to be paid will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(4)(a). 
(2) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie in § 3(3) 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
(the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined in § 3(3)) 
will, except as otherwise provided 
below, be 
(a) 
für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag (wie in § 5(2) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
ein 
fester Zinssatz in Höhe von 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen] % 
per 
annum, und 
(a) 
for the period from and including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date to but excluding the First 
Reset Date (as defined in § 5(2)) 
a fixed rate of [insert rate of 
interest] per cent. per annum, 
and 
(b) 
für den Zeitraum ab dem Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) und danach für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Reset-Zeitraum") 
der 
betreffende Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich 
der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge 
in Höhe von [ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge einfügen] % per 
annum6[.] 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
vierteljährlichen 
oder 
jährlichen Satzes einfügen: , 
(b) 
for the period from and including 
the First Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date 
and thereafter from and including 
each Reset Date to but excluding 
the next Reset Date (each a 
"Reset Period") the applicable 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
below) plus the initial credit 
spread of [insert initial credit 
spread] per cent. per annum7[.] 
[in the case of a quarterly rate 
or annual rate, insert: , 
 
6 
Dies entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. 
7 
This equals the initial credit spread at the time of pricing.

--- Page 118 ---
116 
wobei 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Zinssatzes ein Benchmarksatz, der 
nicht 
als 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
vierteljährlichen Satzes einfügen: 
vierteljährlicher][im 
Fall 
eines 
jährlichen 
Satzes 
einfügen: 
jährlicher] 
Satz 
ausgedrückt 
wird, 
zuzüglich 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Kreditmarge 
in 
Höhe 
von 
[ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge 
einfügen] % per annum von einem 
Unabhängigen Berater in wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger Weise in einen [im Fall 
eines 
vierteljährlichen 
Satzes 
einfügen: 
vierteljährlichen][im 
Fall 
eines jährlichen Satzes einfügen: 
jährlichen] Satz umgerechnet wird.] 
provided that, for purposes of the 
determination of a Rate of Interest that 
is based upon a Reference Rate 
determined 
on 
the 
basis 
of 
a 
benchmark rate that is not expressed 
as a [in the case of a quarterly rate, 
insert: quarterly] [in the case of an 
annual rate, insert: annual] rate, the 
sum of such Reference Rate and the 
initial credit spread of [insert initial 
credit spread] per cent. will be 
converted by an Independent Advisor 
to a [in the case of a quarterly rate, 
insert: quarterly] [in the case of an 
annual rate, insert: annual] rate in a 
commercially reasonable manner.] 
(3) 
Referenzsatz. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) bestimmt für jeden 
Zinsanpassungstag 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(3). 
(3) 
Reference Rate. The Calculation Agent 
(as defined in § 6) will determine the 
relevant Reference Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(3) for each Reset Date on 
the respective Interest Determination 
Date. 
[Im Fall von einem Fixing auf Basis 
des 
maßgeblichen 
Mid-Market-
Swapsatzes einfügen: 
[In case of a fixing based on the 
relevant 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate 
insert: 
Der "Referenzsatz" zu jedem Zins-
anpassungstag 
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset 
Date will be, 
(a) 
entspricht, 
solange 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(f) definiert) eingetreten ist, 
(a) 
as long as no Benchmark Event 
(as defined in § 3(7)(f)) has 
occurred, 
(i) 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag; oder 
(i) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date; or 
(ii) 
dem Referenzbankensatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird; 
(ii) 
the Reference Bank Rate 
on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date if the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such 
time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
wird, 
wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
vorbehaltlich § 3 (7)(i) für jeden 
Reset-Zeitraum, der an oder 
nach 
dem 
Stichtag (wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(g) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
(b) 
if 
a 
Benchmark 
Event 
has 
occurred, 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(7) for each 
Reset Period commencing on or 
after the Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(7)(g)), subject to §

--- Page 119 ---
117 
gemäß § 3(7) bestimmt. 
3 (7) (i). 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"[5][●]-Jahres-Mid-Market-Swapsatz-
Angebotssätze" 
bezeichnet 
das 
arithmetische Mittel der Geld- und 
Briefkurse 
für 
die 
halbjährliche 
Festzinsseite (berechnet auf einer 
30/360 Tagesberechnungsbasis) einer 
USD-Zinsswap-Transaktion fest gegen 
variabel (i) mit einer Laufzeit von [5][●] 
Jahr[en], die an dem betreffenden 
Zinsanpassungstag beginnt, (ii) in 
einem Betrag, der für eine einzelne 
Transaktion in dem betreffenden Markt 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt, die mit einem 
anerkannten Händler guter Bonität im 
Swap-Markt 
abgeschlossen 
wird, 
repräsentativ ist, und (iii) mit einer 
variablen Zinsseite (berechnet auf 
einer 
Actual/360 
Tagesbe-
rechnungsbasis), die der von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York auf 
ihrer 
Internetseite 
veröffentlichten 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) entspricht. 
"[5][●]-year-Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations" means the arithmetic 
mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated 
on a 30/360 day count basis) of a fixed-
for-floating USD interest rate swap 
transaction which (i) has a term of 
[5][●] year[s] commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg 
(calculated on an Actual/360 day count 
basis) that is equivalent to the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as 
published by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York on its website. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
Hauptniederlassung 
jeder 
Referenzbank 
bitten, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle ihre jährliche [5][●]-
Jahres-Mid-Market-Swapsatz-
Angebotssätze mitzuteilen. 
The Issuer will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide to the Calculation Agent a 
quotation of its annual [5][●]-year-Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
fünf 
führende 
Swap-Händler 
im 
Interbankenmarkt. 
"Reference Banks" means five leading 
swap dealers in the interbank market. 
"Referenzbankensatz" 
bezeichnet 
den Prozentsatz, der auf der Grundlage 
der 
jährlichen 
[5][●]-Jahres-Mid-
Market-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze 
ermittelt 
wird, 
die 
der 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) 
um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Ortszeit New York) 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
von 
den 
Referenzbanken zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. 
Falls mehr als drei Angebotssätze zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden, ist der Satz 
für 
den 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag das arithmetische 
Mittel dieser Angebotssätze, wobei der 
höchste 
Angebotssatz 
(bzw. 
bei 
mehreren 
gleich 
hohen 
Angebotssätzen einer dieser höchsten 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the 
percentage rate determined on the 
basis of the annual [5][●]-year-Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations provided 
by the Reference Banks to the 
Calculation Agent at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the 
Interest Determination Date.  
If more than three quotations are 
provided, the rate for that Interest 
Determination 
Date 
will 
be 
the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If three or two quotations are provided, 
the Reference Bank Rate will be the

--- Page 120 ---
118 
Sätze) und der niedrigste Angebotssatz 
(bzw. bei mehreren gleich niedrigen 
Angebotssätzen 
einer 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Sätze) 
unberücksichtigt 
bleiben. 
Falls 
drei 
oder 
zwei 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
zur 
Verfügung gestellten Angebotssätze. 
Falls 
nur 
ein 
Angebotssatz 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
wird, 
ist 
der 
Referenzbankensatz der zur Verfügung 
gestellte Angebotssatz. Falls keine 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
der letzte halbjährliche Swapsatz für 
USD-Swap-Transaktionen mit einer 
Laufzeit 
von 
[5][●] 
Jahr[en], 
ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz, der auf 
der Bildschirmseite verfügbar war. 
arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is 
provided, the Reference Bank Rate will 
be the quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bank Rate will be equal to the last 
available semi-annual swap rate for 
USD swap transactions with a [5][●] 
year 
maturity, 
expressed 
as 
a 
percentage, on the Screen Page. 
"Geschäftstag 
für 
US-Staatstitel" 
bezeichnet jeden Tag außer einem 
Samstag, Sonntag oder einem Tag, an 
dem auf die Empfehlung der Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
(oder 
eine 
etwaige 
Nachfolgerin) die Rentenabteilungen 
ihrer Mitglieder für den Handel mit US-
Staatstiteln 
ganztägig 
geschlossen 
sind. 
"U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which the U.S. Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any 
successor thereto) recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
den 
halbjährlichen 
Swapsatz 
für 
USD-Swap-
Transaktionen mit einer Laufzeit von 
[5][●] 
Jahr[en], 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz, 
beginnend 
mit 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsanpassungstag, der 
um 11:00 Uhr (Ortszeit New York) am 
maßgeblichen Zinsfestsetzungstag auf 
der 
Reuters-Bildschirmseite 
"ICESWAP1" 
(bzw. 
einer 
Nachfolgeseite) 
(die 
"Bildschirmseite") 
unter 
der 
Überschrift "11:00 AM" (wie diese 
Überschriften 
jeweils 
erscheinen) 
angezeigt wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" means 
the semi-annual swap rate for USD 
swap transactions with a [5][●] year 
maturity commencing on the relevant 
Reset 
Date, 
expressed 
as 
a 
percentage, as displayed on the 
Reuters screen "ICESWAP1" (or any 
successor page) (the "Screen Page") 
under the heading "11:00 AM" (as such 
headings may appear from time to time) 
as at 11:00 a.m. New York time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
[Im Fall von einem Fixing auf Basis 
des maßgeblichen US Treasury 
Satzes (CMT-Satz) einfügen:  
[In case of a fixing based on the 
relevant US Treasury Rate (CMT 
Rate) insert:  
Der "Referenzsatz" zu jedem Zins-
anpassungstag entspricht dem CMT-
Satz (wie nachstehend definiert). 
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset 
Date will be the CMT Rate (as defined 
below).

--- Page 121 ---
119 
"CMT-Satz" bezeichnet: 
"CMT Rate" means: 
(a) 
die 
Rendite 
für 
US-
Staatsanleihen mit "konstanter 
Laufzeit", wie in der H.15(519) 
unter der Überschrift "Treasury 
constant maturities (nominal)" 
veröffentlicht, deren Laufzeit der 
Dauer des jeweiligen Reset-
Zeitraums entspricht oder mit 
dieser vergleichbar ist, so wie sie 
an diesem Zinsfestsetzungstag 
auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt 
wird. 
(a) 
the 
yield 
for 
United 
States 
Treasury Securities at "constant 
maturity" 
for 
a 
designated 
maturity 
which 
is 
equal 
or 
comparable to the duration of the 
relevant 
Reset 
Period, 
as 
published in the H.15(519) under 
the caption "treasury constant 
maturities (nominal)", as that 
yield is displayed on such Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
on 
the 
Screen Page; or  
(b) 
falls die in Absatz (a) in Bezug 
genommene Rendite an diesem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag um 16:00 
Uhr (Ortszeit New York) nicht auf 
der Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht 
wird, 
die 
Rendite 
für 
US-
Staatsanleihen mit "konstanter 
Laufzeit", wie in der H.15(519) 
unter der Überschrift "Treasury 
constant maturities (nominal)", 
wie 
an 
diesem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
veröffentlicht, deren Laufzeit der 
Dauer des jeweiligen Reset-
Zeitraums entspricht oder mit 
dieser vergleichbar ist; oder 
(b) 
if 
the 
yield 
referred 
to 
in 
paragraph (a) above is not 
published by 4:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the Screen Page on 
such Interest Determination Date, 
the yield for the United States 
Treasury Securities at "constant 
maturity" 
for 
a 
designated 
maturity 
which 
is 
equal 
or 
comparable to the duration of the 
relevant 
Reset 
Period 
as 
published in H.15(519) under the 
caption 
"treasury 
constant 
maturities (nominal)" on such 
Interest Determination Date; or  
(c) 
falls die in Absatz (b) in Bezug 
genommene Rendite an diesem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag um 16:30 
Uhr (Ortszeit New York) nicht 
veröffentlicht 
wird, 
der 
Referenzbankenanpassungssatz 
an diesem Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
(c) 
if 
the 
yield 
referred 
to 
in 
paragraph (b) above is not 
published by 4:30 p.m. (New York 
time) 
on 
such 
Interest 
Determination Date, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate on such 
Interest Determination Date, 
jeweils, wie von der Berechnungsstelle 
festgelegt. 
in each case, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"H.15(519)" 
bezeichnet 
die 
wöchentliche 
statistische 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Rats 
der 
Gouverneure des Federal Reserve 
Systems, die als H.15(519) bezeichnet 
wird, 
sowie 
jede 
Nachfolgeveröffentlichung, die unter 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/release
s/H15 oder einer anderen Seite, einem 
anderen 
Abschnitt, 
einer 
Nachfolgeseite oder einer Publikation, 
die 
diese 
Webseite 
ersetzt, 
veröffentlicht 
wird 
(die 
"Bildschirmseite"). 
"H.15(519)" 
means 
the 
weekly 
statistical 
release 
designated 
as 
H.15(519), 
or 
any 
successor 
publication, published by the board of 
governors of the Federal Reserve 
System 
at 
http://www.federalreserve.gov/release
s/H15 or such other page, section, 
successor site or publication as may 
replace it (the "Screen Page)".

--- Page 122 ---
120 
"Anpassungsreferenzbanken" 
bezeichnet die Hauptgeschäftsstellen 
in New York City von insgesamt fünf 
Großbanken, die als primärer Händler 
von US-Staatsanleihen oder Market 
Maker bei der Preisfestsetzung von 
Unternehmensanleihen in US-Dollar 
auftreten, welche von der Emittentin 
nach billigem Ermessen und nach 
Rücksprache 
mit 
der 
Berechnungsstelle ausgewählt werden. 
"Reset Reference Banks" means the 
principal office in New York City of five 
major banks which are primary United 
States Treasury Securities dealers or 
market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues denominated in U.S. 
dollars, as selected by the Issuer in its 
reasonable 
discretion 
(billiges 
Ermessen) after consultation with the 
Calculation Agent  
"Angepasster Referenzbankensatz" 
bezeichnet den Satz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz 
pro 
Jahr 
und 
gegebenenfalls 
gerundet 
auf 
die 
nächsten 0,001 Prozent, wobei 0,0005 
Prozent 
nach 
oben 
aufgerundet 
werden), welcher auf der Grundlage 
von Referenzanleihenangebotssätzen, 
die 
die 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle um [insert relevant 
time] am Zinsfestsetzungstag zur 
Verfügung stellen, ermittelt wird. 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means 
the rate (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum and rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) determined on the basis of 
the 
Reference 
Bond 
Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference 
Banks to the Calculation Agent at 
[insert relevant time] on such Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls 
mehr 
als 
drei 
solcher 
Referenzanleihenangebotssätze 
zur 
Verfügung werden, ist der Angepasste 
Referenzbankensatz das arithmetische 
Mittel (nach vorstehend beschriebener 
Rundung) der zur Verfügung gestellten 
Referenzanleihenangebotssätze, 
wobei der höchste Angebotssatz (bzw. 
bei 
mehreren, 
gleich 
hohen 
Angebotssätzen einer dieser höchsten 
Sätze) und der niedrigste Angebotssatz 
(bzw. bei mehreren, gleich niedrigen 
Angebotssätzen 
einer 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Sätze) 
unberücksichtigt 
bleiben. 
Falls 
drei 
oder 
zwei 
Referenzanleihenangebotssätze 
zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden, ist der 
Angepasste Referenzbankensatz das 
arithmetische Mittel (nach vorstehend 
beschriebener 
Rundung) 
der 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellten 
Referenzanleihenangebotssätze. Falls 
weniger 
als 
zwei 
Referenzanleihenangebotssätze 
vorgelegt werden, ist der Angepasste 
Referenzbankensatz für den jeweiligen 
Zinsanpassungszeitraum (a) für jeden 
anderen Reset-Zeitraum als den ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum, 
der 
Angepasste 
Referenzbankensatz 
für 
den 
unmittelbar vorausgegangenen Reset-
If more than three such Reference 
Bond Quotations are provided, the 
Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of the Reference Bond Quotations 
provided, 
eliminating 
the 
highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the lowest). If three or two 
Reference 
Bond 
Quotations 
are 
provided, the Reset Reference Bank 
Rate will be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded 
as 
aforesaid) 
of 
the 
Reference Bond Quotations provided. 
If fewer than two Reference Bond 
Quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate for the relevant 
Reset Interest Period will be (a) in the 
case of each Reset Period other than 
the first Reset Period, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or 
(b) in the case of the first Reset Period, 
[insert rate of interest] per cent. per 
annum. For the avoidance of doubt, 
such Reset Reference Bank Rate does 
not replace the Rate of Interest, as 
defined in § 3(2), but solely the 
Reference Rate, as defined in § 3(3).

--- Page 123 ---
121 
Zeitraum oder (b) für den ersten Reset-
Zeitraum [Zinssatz einfügen] % per 
annum. Zur Klarstellung, ersetzt dieser 
Angepasste Referenzbankensatz nicht 
den Zinssatz, wie in § 3(2) definiert, 
sondern nur den Referenzsatz, wie in 
§ 3(3) definiert. 
"Referenzanleihenangebotssatz" 
bezeichnet 
den 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle festgelegten Satz, 
der als Rendite bis Laufzeitende auf der 
Grundlage des arithmetischen Mittels 
der 
Angebotspreise 
des 
Sekundärmarktes 
einer 
solchen 
Anpassungsreferenzbank 
für 
die 
betreffenden 
Angepassten 
US-
Staatsanleihen um ca. [insert relevant 
time] an diesem Zinsfestsetzungstag 
gilt. 
"Reference Bond Quotation" means 
the rate, 
as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, as being a yield-to-
maturity based on the arithmetic mean 
of the secondary market bid prices of 
such Reset Reference Bank for the 
relevant Reset United States Treasury 
Securities at approximately [insert 
relevant 
time] 
on 
such 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
"Angepasste 
US-Staatsanleihen" 
bezeichnen US-Staatsanleihen: 
"Reset 
United 
States 
Treasury 
Securities" 
means 
United 
States 
Treasury Securities: 
(a) 
mit einer bestimmten Laufzeit, die 
gleich oder vergleichbar mit der 
Dauer des betreffenden Reset-
Zeitraums, einer Restlaufzeit von 
mindestens einem Jahr unter 
einer Laufzeit, die gleich oder 
vergleichbar mit der Dauer des 
jeweiligen Reset-Zeitraums, ist; 
und 
(a) 
with a designated maturity which 
is equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset 
Period, a remaining term to 
maturity of no less than one year 
less than a maturity which is 
equal or comparable to the 
duration of the relevant Reset 
Period; and  
(b) 
in einem Nennwert in Höhe eines 
Betrags, der für eine einzelne 
Transaktion mit solchen US-
Staatsanleihen auf dem New 
York 
City-Finanzmarkt 
repräsentativ ist. Falls zwei US-
Staatsanleihen eine Restlaufzeit 
aufweisen, die der Dauer des 
jeweiligen 
Reset-Zeitraums 
entspricht, 
werden 
die 
US-
Staatsanleihen mit der kürzeren 
Restlaufzeit für die Zwecke der 
jeweiligen 
Bestimmung 
verwendet. 
(b) 
in a principal amount equal to an 
amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in such 
United States Treasury Securities 
in the New York City market. If 
two 
United 
States 
Treasury 
Securities have remaining terms 
to maturity equally close to the 
duration of the relevant Reset 
Period, 
the 
United 
States 
Treasury Security with the shorter 
remaining term to maturity will be 
used for the purposes of the 
relevant determination. 
"US-Staatsanleihen" 
bezeichnen 
Wertpapiere, 
die 
direkte 
Verpflichtungen 
des 
Finanzministeriums 
der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten begründen und nicht auf Basis 
einer 
Diskontierung 
ausgegeben 
werden.] 
"United States Treasury Securities" 
means 
securities 
that 
are 
direct 
obligations 
of 
the 
United 
States 
Treasury, issued other than on a 
discount basis.]

--- Page 124 ---
122 
"Zinsanpassungstag" bezeichnet den 
Ersten Zinsanpassungstag und jeden 
[fünften] [●] Jahrestag des jeweils 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Zinsanpassungstages. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset 
Date and any [fifth] [●] anniversary of 
the immediately preceding Reset Date. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den [zweiten][●] Geschäftstag für U.S.-
Staatstitel 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Zinsanpassungstag. 
"Interest Determination Date" means 
the 
[second][●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the 
relevant Reset Date. 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
jeweiligen 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
from and including each Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(4) 
Zinsbetrag. 
(4) 
Interest Amount. 
(a) 
Unverzüglich nach Bestimmung 
des Referenzsatzes wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug 
auf den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechenden Zinsperioden bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag berechnen. 
Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, 
indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
auf 
den 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag angewendet werden. 
Der resultierende Betrag wird auf 
die 
kleinste 
Einheit 
der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder 
abgerundet, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
(a) 
The 
Calculation 
Agent 
will, 
without undue delay after the 
determination of the Reference 
Rate, determine the applicable 
Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes 
in respect of the Current Nominal 
Amount (subject to § 3(8)) for the 
relevant Interest Periods until the 
next Reset Date. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (subject 
to § 3(8)) to the Current Nominal 
Amount 
and 
rounding 
the 
resultant figure to the nearest unit 
of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
Im Falle einer Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für die 
gesamte 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode, in welcher diese 
Herabschreibung erfolgt, jeweils 
nur bezogen auf den dann 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag verzinst, 
der 
entsprechend 
reduziert 
wurde, wobei eine etwaige an 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß 
In the event of a write-down 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b), each of the 
Notes shall for the full respective 
Interest Period in which such 
write-down occurs only bear 
interest on the then Current 
Nominal Amount which has been 
reduced accordingly; a potential 
write-up 
pursuant 
to 
§ 5(10) 
which may occur on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will not be

--- Page 125 ---
123 
§ 5(10) 
erfolgende 
Hochschreibung 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
unberücksichtigt 
bleibt und sich erst ab der 
Zinsperiode auswirkt, die an dem 
Hochschreibungstag gemäß § 
5(10)(d) beginnt, zu welchem die 
Hochschreibung erfolgt. 
taken into account for such 
Interest Period and will only 
become 
effective 
from 
the 
Interest Period commencing on 
the Write-Up Date pursuant to § 5 
(10)(d) on which the write-up 
occurs. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrages für einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"), 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an 
Interest Amount for any period of 
time (the "Interest Calculation 
Period"), 
(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode 
entspricht, in die er fällt, 
oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl von 
Tagen in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(y) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is equal to or shorter 
than 
the 
Determination 
Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the 
Interest Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and 
(y) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum länger als 
eine Feststellungsperiode 
ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is longer than one 
Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
berechnungszeitrau
m, die in die Feststel-
lungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
dividiert 
durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperiode
n, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden; 
(A) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
falling 
in 
the 
Determination Period 
in which the Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
begins divided by the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year; 
and

--- Page 126 ---
124 
und 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
berechnungszeitrau
m, 
die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Fest-
stellungsperiode 
fallen, dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (x) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Zinszahlungstage, 
die üblicherweise in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr 
auftreten 
oder 
in 
einem 
Kalenderjahr 
auftreten 
würden, 
wenn Zinsen für das 
gesamte Jahr zahlbar 
wären. 
(B) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
falling in the next 
Determination Period 
divided 
by 
the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number of Interest 
Payment Date that 
occur in one calendar 
year or that would 
normally occur in one 
calendar 
year 
if 
interest was payable 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
whole of such year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Periode 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), 
der 
in 
ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means 
each period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to 
but 
excluding 
the 
next 
Determination Date. 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet jeden [festgelegten 
Feststellungstermin einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
weiteren 
festgelegten 
Feststellungsterminen 
einfügen: 
und 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Feststellungstermine 
einfügen]]. 
"Determination Date" means 
each 
[insert 
specified 
Determination Date] [in the 
case 
of 
further 
specified 
Determination Dates, insert: 
and [insert further specified 
Determination Dates]]. 
(b) 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinsbetrag für 
die 
Zinsperioden bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
der 
(i) 
Emittentin, der Zahlstelle und den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount for the Interest 
Periods up to the next Reset Date 
to be notified (i) to the Issuer, to 
the Paying Agent and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no 
event later than the fourth U.S.

--- Page 127 ---
125 
Geschäftstag für US-Staatstitel 
und (ii) jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später 
als 
zu 
Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
für 
die 
der 
betreffende Zinssatz und der 
betreffende 
Zinsbetrag 
gilt, 
mitgeteilt werden. 
Government Securities Business 
Day thereafter and (ii), if required 
by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are 
listed from time to time at the 
request of the Issuer, to such 
stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than the first 
day of the Interest Period in 
relation to which the relevant 
Rate of Interest and the relevant 
Interest Amount applies. 
(c) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Höhe der 
Zinszahlung wird nicht aufgrund 
der Bonität der Emittentin oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens angepasst. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
amount of the interest payment is 
not adjusted on the basis of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates. 
(5) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Zahlstelle und die Anleihegläubiger 
bindend. 
(5) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(6) 
Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
endet 
mit 
Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum 
Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Zinssatzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen zu verzinsen.7 
(6) 
Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the 
beginning of the day on which they 
become due for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to make the relevant 
redemption payment under the Notes 
when due, each of the Notes will bear 
interest on its Current Nominal Amount 
from and including the due date to but 
excluding the day of actual redemption 
of the Notes at the statutory default rate 
of interest.8 
[Im Fall von einem Fixing auf Basis 
des 
maßgeblichen 
Mid-Market-
Swapsatzes einfügen: 
[In case of a fixing based on the 
relevant 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate 
insert: 
 
7 
Der gesetzliche Zinssatz für Verzugszinsen liegt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB). 
8 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB)).

--- Page 128 ---
126 
(7) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein Bench-
mark-Ereignis 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz (oder 
eine Teilkomponente davon) eintritt, gilt 
für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes und den Reset des 
Zinssatzes 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
Folgendes: 
(7) 
Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate (or any component 
part thereof), the relevant Reference 
Rate and the reset of the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with this § 3(7) 
will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach 
Eintritt 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
und 
vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich 
ist, 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
zu 
benennen, 
der 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as this 
is (in the Issuer’s view) required 
following the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, 
endeavour 
to 
appoint 
an 
Independent Adviser who will 
determine a New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments. 
(b) 
Wenn 
vor 
[dem 
zehnten 
Geschäftstag 
vor] 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(b) 
If prior to the [tenth Business Day 
prior to the] relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
(i) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernennt; oder 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to appoint 
an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festlegt, 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined 
a 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für 
den 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
then 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the immediately 
following Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
determined on the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(b) bereits im 
Hinblick 
auf 
den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag angewendet 
werden muss, entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" für den ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
If this § 3(7)(b) is to be applied in 
respect of the First Reset Date, 
the "Reference Rate" applicable 
to the first Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Reset Screen Page on the 
last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed.

--- Page 129 ---
127 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(7)(b) 
bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(7) 
erneut angewendet, um den 
Referenzsatz für den nächsten 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
(und, sofern notwendig, weitere 
nachfolgende Reset-Zeiträume) 
zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(7)(b) is 
to be applied, § 3(7) will be 
operated again to determine the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next subsequent Reset Period 
(and, 
if 
required, 
further 
subsequent Reset Periods). 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls 
der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. If 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that: 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
the New Benchmark Rate; 
or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmarksatz, 
(ii) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate, 
und 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für den unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
und 
alle 
folgenden 
Reset-
Zeiträume vorbehaltlich § 3(7)(i) 
dem Neuen Benchmarksatz an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
der Anpassungsmarge. 
and then the Reference Rate for 
the immediately following Reset 
Period and all following Reset 
Periods, subject to § 3(7)(i), will 
be the New Benchmark Rate on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date plus the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn 
ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsmarge 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festgelegt werden, 
und 
wenn 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen hinsichtlich dieser 
Anleihebedingungen notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsmarge 
zu 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), and if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"),

--- Page 130 ---
128 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-
Änderungen"), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen und die Emittentin wird 
diese 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 3(7)(e) 
bekanntmachen. 
then the Independent Adviser will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments and the Issuer will 
give notice thereof in accordance 
with § 3(7)(e). 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments 
may comprise, in particular, the 
following conditions of these 
Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" und/oder 
die 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
fallback) 
für 
den 
Referenzsatz einschließlich 
des 
Referenzbankensatzes; 
und/oder 
(A) 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
including 
the 
"Screen 
Page" and/or the method 
for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the 
Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; 
and/or 
(B) 
die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe "Geschäftstag für 
US-Staatstitel", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsanpassungstag", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsperiode" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend vor oder 
zu Beginn der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
oder 
zurückblickend vor oder 
zum 
Ablauf 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms " 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day", 
"Interest Payment Date", 
"Reset 
Date", 
"Interest 
Determination Date", "Day 
Count 
Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest Period" (including 
the determination whether 
the Reference Rate will be 
determined in advance on 
or prior to the relevant 
Interest Period or in arrear 
on or prior to the end of the 
relevant Interest Period); 
and/or 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß § 4(5). 
(C) 
the 
business 
day 
convention in § 4(5). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin 
hat einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
der 
Zahlstelle 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle sowie gemäß 
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify 
any New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
determined under this § 3(7) to 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
und 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and, 
in

--- Page 131 ---
129 
§ 11 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mitzuteilen, und zwar sobald eine 
solche Mitteilung (nach billigem 
Ermessen der Emittentin) nach 
deren Feststellung praktikabel 
ist[, spätestens jedoch an dem 
zehnten Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag]. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unwiderruflich 
und 
hat 
den 
Stichtag zu benennen. 
accordance 
with 
§ 11, 
the 
Noteholders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer’s 
reasonable 
discretion) 
practicable 
following 
the 
determination thereof[, but in any 
event no later than on the tenth 
Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date]. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the Effective 
Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, 
die 
jeweils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle, 
eventuelle 
weitere 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab 
dem Stichtag als durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
die 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
each as specified in such notice, 
will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent, any additional paying 
agents and the Noteholders. The 
Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended 
by the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any, 
with effect from the Effective 
Date. 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
diesem § 3(7): 
(f) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(7): 
Die "Anpassungsmarge", die 
positiv, negativ oder gleich Null 
sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet 
entweder (a) die Spanne oder 
(b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, 
The 
"Adjustment 
Spread", 
which may be positive, negative 
or zero, will be expressed in basis 
points and means either (a) the 
spread or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the 
spread, 
(A) 
die im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
formell 
im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(A) 
which in the case of a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally 
recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(B) 
die 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) an den 
(B) 
which 
(if 
no 
such 
recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied

--- Page 132 ---
130 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, hilfsweise, an den 
internationalen 
Swapmärkten) 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
(oder eine Teilkomponente 
davon) 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
to the New Benchmark 
Rate (or any component 
part 
thereof) 
in 
the 
international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, 
the 
international 
swap 
markets) to produce an 
industry-accepted 
replacement 
benchmark 
rate 
for 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will 
be 
made 
by 
the 
Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(C) 
sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass 
keine 
solche 
Spanne 
üblicherweise angewendet 
wird, 
und 
dass 
das 
Folgende 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist 
als 
industrieweiter Standard für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die 
sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, 
anerkannt und bestätigt ist, 
wenn der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden]. 
(C) 
if the Independent Adviser 
in its reasonable discretion 
determines that no such 
spread 
is 
customarily 
applied 
and 
that 
the 
following 
would 
be 
appropriate for the Notes is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-
the-counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, where 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by 
the New Benchmark Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations 
will 
be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion]. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, 
hilfsweise, an den internationalen 
Swapmärkten) zur Bestimmung 
von Zinssätzen bzw. Mid-Swap-
Sätzen
in 
U.S.-Dollar 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark 
or an alternative screen rate 
which is customarily applied in 
the international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, the 
international swap markets) for 
the purpose of determining rates 
of interest or mid swap rates, 
respectively 
in 
U.S. 
dollars, 
provided that all determinations

--- Page 133 ---
131 
angewendet 
wird, 
wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
vorgenommen werden. 
will be made by the Independent 
Adviser. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt 
ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
die Emittentin oder die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwenden darf, oder 
(A) 
it becomes unlawful for the 
Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate, or 
(B) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt 
oder der Administrator oder 
die 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
eine 
Erklärung 
veröffentlicht, 
dass der Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, 
oder 
(B) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
ceases to calculate and 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time or 
the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
publishes 
a 
statement which states that 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
will cease to calculate and 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time, or 
(C) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eine 
Erklärung oder Information 
veröffentlicht, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche Änderung der 
Methode zur Berechnung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingetreten 
ist 
oder 
innerhalb eines bestimmten 
Zeitraums eintreten wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass (falls 
zutreffend) dieser Zeitraum 
verstrichen ist, oder 
(C) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
publishes a statement or 
information that a material 
change in the methodology 
of calculating the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
has 
occurred or will occur within 
a specified period, provided 
that 
(where 
applicable) 
such period of time has 
lapsed, or 
(D) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
(D) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate

--- Page 134 ---
132 
Benchmarksatzes 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder 
ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- 
oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator 
betreffend) 
durch den Administrator 
oder durch die Aufsichts- 
oder Regulierungsbehörde 
eingeleitet wurde, oder 
becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, 
restructuring 
or 
similar 
proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) 
is 
commenced 
by 
the 
administrator 
or 
its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority, or 
(E) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
abgegeben wird, in der 
angekündigt wird, dass der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
die 
zugrundeliegende 
Markt- 
und Wirtschaftsrealität ist, 
die 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
messen 
soll, oder dies ab einem 
bestimmten 
künftigen 
Zeitpunkt nicht mehr sein 
wird, oder 
(E) 
a public statement by the 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made 
announcing 
that 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no 
longer be, capable of being 
representative, or is non-
representative, 
of 
the 
underlying 
market 
and 
economic reality which the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
intended to measure, or 
(F) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
anderweitig eingestellt ist 
oder auf andere Weise 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung 
gestellt wird. 
(F) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate is otherwise being 
discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell 
durch das Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" 
means 
a 
successor 
to 
or 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means 
the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined in accordance with 
this § 3(7). 
"Nominierungsgremium" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente davon): 
"Relevant Nominating Body" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
(or 
any 
component part thereof):

--- Page 135 ---
133 
(A) 
die Zentralbank für die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist; oder 
(A) 
the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(B) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder 
jeden Ausschuss gefördert 
durch, 
geführt 
oder 
mitgeführt 
von 
oder 
gebildet 
von 
(a) 
der 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird, (b) einer Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist, (c) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) 
oder Teilen davon. 
(B) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (c) a group 
of 
the 
aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut mit internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution of international repute 
or other independent financial 
adviser 
experienced 
in 
the 
international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the 
Issuer. 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, 
der Anpassungsmarge und der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt 
oder diesem nachfolgt: 
(g) 
The 
effective 
date 
for 
the 
application 
of 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined 
under this § 3(7) (the "Effective 
Date") 
will 
be 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date falling on or 
after the earliest of the following

--- Page 136 ---
134 
dates: 
(A) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (D) oder (F) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (D) or (F) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or 
(B) 
den Tag, ab dem die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente 
davon) eingestellt wird oder 
ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz (oder eine 
Teilkomponente 
davon) 
eingestellt wird oder nicht 
länger 
als 
repräsentativ 
angesehen wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze (B), 
(C) oder (E) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (B), (C) or (E) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date 
from 
which 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
(or any component part 
thereof) 
ceases 
to 
be 
published, is discontinued 
or 
ceases 
to 
be 
representative, as the case 
may be; or 
(C) 
den Tag, ab dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwendet 
werden 
darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (A) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (A) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which 
the prohibition applies. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser 
§ 3(7) 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3(7) 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz 
als Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, this § 3(7) shall apply 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3(7) to the term 
Original Benchmark Rate shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the 
New Benchmark Rate that last 
applied.

--- Page 137 ---
135 
(i) 
Eine 
Anpassung 
des 
Referenzsatzes gemäß diesem 
§ 3(7) darf nicht durchgeführt 
werden, wenn und soweit diese 
Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass die Emittentin berechtigt 
wäre, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen 
gemäß § 5(3) zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
No adjustment to the Reference 
Rate will be made in accordance 
with this § 3(7) if and to the extent 
that 
as 
a 
result 
of 
such 
adjustment the Issuer would be 
entitled to redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons in accordance 
with § 5(3). 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) an einem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nach Beginn 
des 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraums 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
nächsten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on 
an Interest Determination Date 
falling after the commencement 
of the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate determined on 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) bereits an 
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag für den 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
ersten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
Ursprünglichen Benchmark-Satz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
angezeigt 
wurde.] 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on 
the Interest Determination Date 
for the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
first and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Reset 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed.] 
(8)] Ausschluss der Zinszahlung. 
(8) 
 Cancellation of Interest Payment. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat das Recht, 
jederzeit die Zinszahlung nach 
freiem 
Ermessen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise entfallen zu lassen. Sie 
teilt 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
spätestens 
am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 mit, 
wenn sie von diesem Recht 
Gebrauch 
macht. 
Ein 
Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit der Entscheidung 
über 
das 
Entfallen 
der 
Zinszahlungen, führt in keinem 
Fall 
zu 
einer 
Pflicht 
der 
Emittentin, 
eine 
entfallene 
(a) 
The Issuer has the right, in its 
sole discretion and at any time, to 
cancel all or part of any payment 
of interest. If the Issuer exercises 
such right, it shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 11 without undue delay but 
no later than on the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
Any 
failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the 
decision on the cancellation, shall 
in no event result in an obligation 
of the Issuer to make a cancelled 
interest payment at a later date 
and shall not constitute a default 
for any purpose. A notice which

--- Page 138 ---
136 
Zinszahlung zu einem späteren 
Zeitpunkt nachzuholen, und stellt 
in 
keinem 
Fall 
eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. Eine bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
has not been given until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue 
delay thereafter. 
(b) 
Eine 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ist für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
ausgeschlossen 
und 
entfällt 
(ohne Einschränkung des Rechts 
der Emittentin nach § 3(8)(a)): 
(b) 
Payment of interest on the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be excluded and cancelled 
(without prejudice to the right of 
the Issuer pursuant to § 3(8)(a)): 
(i) 
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Zinszahlung zusammen mit 
(i) 
to the extent that such 
payment 
of 
interest 
together with 
(A) 
dem 
Betrag 
einer 
etwaigen 
Hochschreibung 
nach § 5(10), die zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
soll, 
(A) 
the amount of a write-
up, 
if 
any, 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 5(10) to be effected 
as of the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
(B) 
den an demselben 
Tag geplanten oder 
erfolgenden und den 
in 
dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
bereits 
erfolgten 
weiteren 
Ausschüttungen (wie 
in § 3(8)(9) definiert) 
auf 
andere 
Kernkapitalinstrumen
te (wie in § 3(8)(9) 
definiert) und 
(B) 
any 
additional 
Distributions 
(as 
defined in § 3(8)(9)) 
that are scheduled to 
be made or have 
been made on the 
same day or that 
have been made by 
the Issuer on other 
Tier 1 Instruments (as 
defined in § 3(8)(9)) 
in the then current 
financial year of the 
Issuer and 
(C) 
dem 
Gesamtbetrag 
etwaiger 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
andere 
AT1 Instrumente, die 
zu dem betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
sollen oder in dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
durchgeführt wurden 
(C) 
the total amount of 
write-ups, if any, on 
any 
other 
AT1 Instruments 
to 
be effected as of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
or 
have been effected in 
the 
then 
current 
financial year of the 
Issuer

--- Page 139 ---
137 
die Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten (wie in § 3(8)(9) 
definiert) 
übersteigen 
würde, 
wobei 
die 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten für diesen Zweck 
um einen Betrag erhöht 
werden, der bereits als 
Aufwand 
für 
Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(zur 
Klarstellung: 
einschließlich 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen) in 
die 
Ermittlung 
des 
Gewinns, 
der 
den 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
zugrunde 
liegt, 
eingegangen ist; oder 
would exceed the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
(as 
defined 
in 
§ 3(8)(9)), 
provided that, for such 
purpose, 
the 
Available 
Distributable Items shall be 
increased by an amount 
equal to what has been 
accounted for as expenses 
for Distributions in respect 
of Tier 1 Instruments (for 
the avoidance of doubt, 
including 
payments 
of 
interest on the Notes) in the 
determination of the profit 
on which the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
are 
based; or 
(ii) 
wenn 
und 
soweit 
eine 
zuständige 
Behörde 
anordnet, 
dass 
diese 
Zinszahlung 
insgesamt 
oder teilweise entfällt; oder  
(ii) 
if and to the extent that a 
competent authority orders 
that all or part of the 
relevant 
payment 
of 
interest be cancelled; or 
(iii)  ein anderes gesetzliches 
oder 
behördliches 
Ausschüttungsverbot oder 
irgendeine 
andere 
Beschränkung 
von 
Ausschüttungen unter den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
besteht 
(einschließlich, jedoch nicht 
ausschließlich, 
der 
Berechnung 
und 
der 
Einhaltung des Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrags); oder 
 (iii) or another prohibition of 
Distributions is imposed by 
law or an authority or any 
other restriction to make 
Distributions exists under 
the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations (including, but 
not 
limited 
to, 
the 
calculation of, and the 
compliance 
with, 
the 
Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount); or 
(iv) 
wenn die Emittentin am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 
InsO 
oder 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne 
von § 17 InsO ist, soweit 
diese Zinszahlung zu einer 
Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führen würde 
oder 
eine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
(iv) 
if 
the 
Issuer 
is 
over-
indebted 
within 
the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or 
illiquid within the meaning 
of § 17 InsO on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, to 
the extent that the relevant 
payment of interest would 
result 
in 
an 
over-
indebtedness or illiquidity of 
the Issuer or an imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the

--- Page 140 ---
138 
Emittentin im Sinne von 
§ 18 InsO vorliegt. 
Issuer within the meaning 
of § 18 InsO exists. 
Die 
Emittentin 
teilt 
den 
Anleihegläubigern spätestens am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß § 11 mit, wenn und in 
welcher Höhe eine Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3(7)(8)(b) 
ausgeschlossen ist und entfällt. 
Ein 
Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit des Ausfalls der 
Zinszahlungen 
und 
stellt 
in 
keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. Eine bis zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
nicht erfolgte Benachrichtigung 
ist unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11 no later than on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date if, and to 
the extent, a payment of interest 
is 
excluded 
and 
cancelled 
pursuant to § 3(7)(8)(b). Any 
failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the 
cancellation 
and 
shall 
not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purpose. A notice which 
has not been given until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue 
delay thereafter. 
(c) 
Aufgelaufene aber nicht gezahlte 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bis 
(einschließlich) 
einem 
Auslöseereignis (wie in § 5(9)(a) 
definiert) (unabhängig davon, ob 
solche Zinsen fällig geworden 
sind) entfallen automatisch. Zur 
Klarstellung, aufgelaufene aber 
nicht gezahlte Zinsen ab dem 
Auslöseereignis 
bis 
zur 
Herabschreibung 
entfallen 
ebenfalls 
automatisch, 
selbst 
wenn 
keine 
entsprechende 
Mitteilung gemacht wurde. 
(c) 
Any accrued but unpaid interest 
on the Notes up to (and including) 
a Trigger Event (as defined in 
§ 5(9)(a)) (whether or not such 
interest has become due for 
payment) will be automatically 
cancelled. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any accrued but unpaid 
interest from the Trigger Event up 
to the write-down date will also be 
automatically cancelled even if no 
notice has been given to that 
effect. 
(d) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Mittel 
aus 
entfallenen 
Zinszahlungen uneingeschränkt 
zur 
Erfüllung 
ihrer 
eigenen 
Verpflichtungen 
zu 
nutzen. 
Soweit Zinszahlungen entfallen, 
schließt dies sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
ein. Entfallene Zinszahlungen 
werden nicht nachgezahlt. 
(d) 
The Issuer is entitled to use the 
funds from cancelled payments of 
interest without restrictions for the 
fulfilment of its own obligations. 
To the extent that payments of 
interest 
are 
cancelled, 
such 
cancellation 
includes 
all 
Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 7(1)) payable pursuant to § 7. 
Any payments of interest which 
have been cancelled will not be 
made at any later date. 
(e) 
Das Entfallen einer Zinszahlung 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
(e) 
The cancellation of any interest 
payment shall not entitle the 
Noteholders to terminate the 
Notes and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer for any 
purpose.

--- Page 141 ---
139 
(8)(9) Bestimmte Definitionen. 
(8)(9) Certain Definitions. 
"Anwendbare 
Aufsichtsrechtliche 
Vorschriften" bezeichnet die jeweils 
gültigen, 
sich 
auf 
die 
Kapitalanforderungen, die Solvabilität, 
andere 
Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder Abwicklung der Emittentin 
und/oder der jeweiligen Institutsgruppe, 
zu 
der 
die 
Emittentin 
gehört, 
beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankaufsichtsrechts und der darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, der jeweils geltenden 
Leitlinien 
und 
Empfehlungen 
der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, der Verwaltungspraxis 
einer 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
den 
einschlägigen 
Entscheidungen 
der 
Gerichte 
und 
den 
anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" means the provisions of 
bank 
supervisory 
laws 
and 
any 
regulations and other rules thereunder 
applicable from time to time (including, 
but not limited to, the guidelines and 
recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority and/or the European 
Central 
Bank, 
the 
administrative 
practice of any competent authority, 
any applicable decision of a court and 
any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, 
other prudential requirements and/or 
resolution and applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the banking group to which the 
Issuer belongs from time to time. 
"Ausschüttung" bezeichnet jede Art 
der Auszahlung von Dividenden oder 
Zinsen. 
"Distribution" means any kind of 
payment of dividends or interest. 
"Ausschüttungsfähige 
Posten" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinszahlung die ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
wie 
jeweils 
in 
den 
im 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften, zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 128 CRR definiert; zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet 
dieser Begriff den Gewinn am Ende des 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftsjahres der Emittentin, für das 
ein testierter Jahresabschluss vorliegt, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Gewinne 
und 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
verfügbare 
Rücklagen, 
vor 
der 
Ausschüttung an die Eigner von 
Eigenmittelinstrumenten, 
jedoch 
abzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Verluste und gemäß anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften der Europäischen 
Union oder Deutschlands oder der 
Satzung 
der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähiger Gewinne und in 
die 
gemäß 
anwendbarer 
"Available 
Distributable 
Items" 
means, with respect to any payment of 
interest, the distributable items as 
defined in the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations from time to time, at the 
time of issuance of the Notes in 
Article 4(1) no. 128 CRR; at the time of 
the issuance of the Notes, such term 
refers to the profit as of the end of the 
financial year of the Issuer immediately 
preceding 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date, for which audited 
annual 
financial 
statements 
are 
available, plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that 
purpose, before distributions to holders 
of own funds instruments, less any 
losses brought forward and any profits 
which are non-distributable pursuant to 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
association of the Issuer and any sums 
placed in non-distributable reserves in 
accordance with the applicable laws of 
Germany or the articles of association 
of the Issuer, in each case with respect 
to the specific category of own funds of 
the Notes as AT1 Instruments to which

--- Page 142 ---
140 
Rechtsvorschriften Deutschlands oder 
der Satzung der Emittentin nicht 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Rücklagen 
eingestellter Beträge, jeweils in Bezug 
auf 
die 
spezifische 
Eigenmittelkategorie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente, 
auf 
die 
sich 
die 
anwendbaren Rechtsvorschriften der 
Europäischen 
Union 
oder 
Deutschlands oder die Satzung der 
Emittentin 
beziehen, 
wobei 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen Posten und die 
betreffenden Gewinne, Verluste und 
Rücklagen 
ausgehend 
von 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der Emittentin (und nicht auf der Basis 
eines etwaigen Konzernabschlusses) 
festgestellt werden. 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
associations of the Issuer relate, 
provided that the distributable items 
and the relevant profits, losses and 
reserves shall be determined on the 
basis of the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with German commercial 
law (and not on the basis of its 
consolidated financial statements, if 
any). 
"CRD" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Richtlinie 
2013/36/EU 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013 über den Zugang zur 
Tätigkeit von Kreditinstituten und die 
Beaufsichtigung von Kreditinstituten 
und Wertpapierfirmen, zur Änderung 
der Richtlinie 2002/87/EG und zur 
Aufhebung der Richtlinien 2006/48/EG 
und 2006/49/EG, in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRD geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential 
supervision 
of 
credit 
institutions 
and 
investment 
firms, 
amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the CRD are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the CRD as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"Kernkapitalinstrumente" bezeichnet 
Kapitalinstrumente, die im Sinne der 
CRR zu den Instrumenten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
oder 
zu 
den 
AT1 
Instrumenten zählen. 
"Tier 1 Instruments" means capital 
instruments which, according to the 
CRR, qualify as common equity tier 1 
capital or AT1 Instruments. 
"Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähiger 
Betrag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
(in 
gegenwärtiger 
Umsetzung 
von 
Artikel 141(2) CRD in deutsches Recht) 
nach § 10 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Nr. 5 e) KWG 
i.V.m. § 37 SolvV ermittelten maximal 
ausschüttungsfähigen Betrag für die 
kombinierte 
Kapitalpufferanforderung 
nach § 10i KWG. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" 
means the maximum distributable 
amount determined in accordance with 
§ 10(1) sentence 1 no. 5 (e) KWG in 
connection with § 37 SolvV for the 
combined capital buffer requirement in 
accordance with § 10i KWG (currently 
transposing Article 141(2) CRD into 
German law). 
"SolvV" bezeichnet die Verordnung zur 
angemessenen Eigenmittelausstattung 
von 
Instituten, 
Institutsgruppen, 
"SolvV" means the regulation on the 
capital adequacy of institutions, groups 
of institutions, financial holding groups

--- Page 143 ---
141 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
und 
gemischten 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der 
SolvV geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht 
sich 
der 
Verweis 
auf 
Bestimmungen der SolvV in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
and mixed financial holding groups 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
SolvV are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the SolvV as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1) 
Allgemeines. 
(1) 
General. 
(a) 
Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in accordance with 
§ 4(2) to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States. 
(b) 
Zahlungen 
von 
Zinsen. Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of 
interest on Notes shall be made 
in accordance with § 4(2) to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich 
geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
erfolgen zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung. 
(2) 
Manner 
of 
Payment. Subject 
to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des 
§ 4(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten 
und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) 
United States. For the purposes of § 4 
(1), "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch 
(4) 
Discharge. The 
Issuer 
shall 
be

--- Page 144 ---
142 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag. Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung von 
Kapital oder Zinsen in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahlungsgeschäftstag ist, 
dann 
haben 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahlungsgeschäftstag und 
sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verschiebung zu verlangen. 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any principal or interest in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Noteholders 
shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next Payment Business Day and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für 
diese 
Zwecke 
bezeichnet 
"Zahlungsgeschäftstag" jeden Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem das Clearing System operativ 
ist und der ein Geschäftstag für US-
Staatstitel ist. 
For 
these 
purposes 
"Payment 
Business Day" means any day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System is operative and which 
is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) ein. 
(6) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, the following amounts: 
the Current Nominal Amount of the 
Notes and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7 (as 
defined in § 7(1)). 
(7) 
Hinterlegung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht Stuttgart Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Anleihegläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von 
zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, auch wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
jeweiligen 
Ansprüche 
der 
Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(7) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The 
Issuer may deposit with the local court 
in Stuttgart amounts of interest or 
principal 
not 
claimed 
by 
the 
Noteholders within twelve months after 
the due date, even though such 
Noteholders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that such deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Noteholders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
Rückzahlung; Herabschreibungen; 
Hochschreibungen 
§ 5 
Redemption; Write-downs; Write-ups

--- Page 145 ---
143 
(1) 
Keine 
Endfälligkeit. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen haben keinen 
Endfälligkeitstag. 
(1) 
No Scheduled Maturity. The Notes 
have no scheduled maturity date. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
(außer im Falle einer Kündigung 
gemäß § 5(2)-(5)) nur im Fall der 
Liquidation der Emittentin vorbehaltlich 
§ 2 zur sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig. 
Other than in the event of a redemption 
in accordance with § 5(2)-(5) the Notes 
shall become immediately due and 
payable only in the event of the 
liquidation of the Issuer, subject to § 2. 
(2) 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
zu jedem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen und 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(2) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. The Issuer may, subject to the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, with effect as of any Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below). 
"Optionaler 
Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet:  
"Optional Redemption Date" means:  
[(i) 
jeden 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
während des Zeitraums ab dem [●]8 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
[und]] 
[(i) each Payment Business Day during 
the period from and including [●]9 up to 
and excluding the First Reset Date 
[and]] 
[(i)][(ii)] [den Ersten Zinsanpassungstag 
[und]]; 
[(i)][(ii)] [the First Reset Date [and]]; 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
jeden auf den Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
folgenden 
[Zinsanpassungstag] 
[Zinszahlungstag]. 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
each 
[Reset 
Date] 
[Interest Payment Date] after the First 
Reset Date. 
"Erster 
Zinsanpassungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag einfügen]. 
"First Reset Date" means [insert First 
Reset Date]. 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(2) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an dem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
Optionalen Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum Optionalen 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(2), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant 
to 
§ 3[(7)][(8)]) 
to 
but 
 
8 
[●] Monate vor dem Ersten Zinsanpassungstag, jedenfalls nicht früher als vor Ablauf von 5 Jahren ab  Valuta. 
9 
[●] months prior to the First Reset Date, and in no event earlier than 5 years from the date of issue.

--- Page 146 ---
144 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(vorbehaltlich eines Ausschlusses der 
Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3[(7)][(8)]) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
excluding the Optional Redemption 
Date on the Optional Redemption Date. 
(3) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert, was 
(3) 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons. The Issuer may, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if there is a change 
in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes that 
(a) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
zu 
bestimmen) 
auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde; oder 
(a) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
solo basis) would, on a solo basis 
of the Issuer, be likely to result in 
(i) their exclusion in full or in part 
from the Issuer’s own funds 
under 
the 
CRR 
or 
(ii) 
a 
reclassification as a lower quality 
form of the Issuer’s own funds 
than their classification as of the 
issue date; or 
(b) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
konsolidierter der Emittentin zu 
bestimmen) auf konsolidierter 
Ebene 
der 
Emittentin 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde, 
(b) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
consolidated basis) would, on a 
consolidated basis of the Issuer, 
be likely to result in (i) their 
exclusion in full or in part from the 
Issuer’s own funds under the 
CRR or (ii) a reclassification as a 
lower quality form of the Issuer’s 
own funds than their classification 
as of the issue date, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
provided that in respect of a redemption 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the Notes the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant

--- Page 147 ---
145 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(a) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn (i) sie es für 
ausreichend sicher hält, dass eine 
Änderung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Einstufung 
stattfindet 
und 
(ii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen 
hat, 
dass 
die 
aufsichtsrechtliche Neueinstufung am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen 
war. 
to which the competent authority may 
approve such redemption only if (i) it 
considers the change in the regulatory 
classification to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrated to its 
satisfaction 
that 
the 
regulatory 
reclassification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der vollständige oder 
teilweise 
Ausschluss 
von 
den 
Eigenmitteln 
infolge 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
begründet kein Kündigungsrecht nach 
§ 5(3). 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
exclusion in full or in part from the own 
funds due to a write-down pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b) does not constitute a right to 
redeem under § 5(3). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(3) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag erfüllt sind, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (der 
ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein muss) 
zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3[(7)][(8)]) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(3), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant 
to 
§ 3[(7)][(8)]) 
to 
but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption 
on the date fixed for redemption. 
(4) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Folge einer 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
eingetretenen 
Rechts- 
oder 
Rechtsprechungsänderung, 
einschließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Änderung von 
(4) 
Redemption 
for 
Reasons 
of 
Taxation. The Issuer may, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if the tax treatment 
of the Notes, due to a change in 
applicable 
legislation 
or 
relevant 
jurisprudence, including (but not limited 
to) a change in any fiscal legislation, 
rules or practices, which takes effect 
after the Interest Commencement 
Date, changes (i.e. the tax deductibility 
of interest payable on the Notes or the 
obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1))) and, in respect of

--- Page 148 ---
146 
steuerrechtlichen 
Gesetzen, 
Regelungen oder Verfahrensweisen, 
ändert (d.h. im Hinblick auf die 
steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit der unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Zinsen 
oder 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) 
definiert)) und, bei einer Rückzahlung 
vor dem fünften Jahrestag des Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(b) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn sich die geltende 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert und die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hat, dass die Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
wesentlich ist und am Begebungstag 
nicht vorherzusehen war. 
a 
redemption 
prior 
to 
the 
fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the 
Notes, the conditions in Article 78(4)(b) 
CRR are met, pursuant to which the 
competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if there is a change in 
the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes which the Issuer demonstrated 
to its satisfaction is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, die zu einem 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern auf 
die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge führt, die jedoch zu 
keiner Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) führt, begründet 
kein Kündigungsrecht gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4). 
Any change in the tax treatment of the 
Notes resulting in a withholding or 
deduction of taxes on amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes which, however, 
do not create an obligation of the Issuer 
to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7(1)), will not constitute a right to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to this 
§ 5(4). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(der 
ein 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3[(7)][(8)]) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(4), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant 
to 
§ 3[(7)][(8)]) 
to 
but 
excluding the date fixed for redemption 
on the date fixed for redemption. 
(5) 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
(5) 
Redemption for Minimal Outstanding

--- Page 149 ---
147 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin [75][●]% oder mehr des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft 
und 
jeweils 
entwertet hat, kann die Emittentin, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●], 
nachdem sie gemäß diesem § 5(5) die 
Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und wenn die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkauf-
bedingungen gemäß § 5(6) an dem für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(der ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
die 
übrigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
aber nicht teilweise an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert), zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach § 
3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
Aggregate Principal Amount. In case 
[75][●] per cent. or more of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased 
by the Issuer, and in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, upon [not 
less than 10 and not more than 30 
Business Days’] [●] prior notice, subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, 
exercise 
its 
call 
right 
in 
accordance with this § 5(5) and redeem 
the remaining Notes, in whole but not in 
part, on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day) at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption. 
(6) 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen. Eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 5 und 
ein Rückkauf nach § 10(2) unterliegt 
den 
folgenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen"): 
(6) 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase. Any redemption pursuant 
to this § 5 and any repurchase pursuant 
to § 10(2) is subject to the following 
conditions 
(the 
"Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase"): 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat von der für die 
Emittentin 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde die vorherige 
Zustimmung nach Art. 77, 78 
CRR 
(oder 
einer 
Nachfolgebestimmung) für die 
Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf 
erhalten. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
setzt 
eine Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 
77, 78 CRR voraus, dass eine der 
folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt ist: 
(a) 
The Issuer has obtained the prior 
consent 
of 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority for the 
redemption or any repurchase in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
(or 
any 
successor 
provision). At the time of the 
issuance 
of 
the 
Notes, 
permission 
pursuant 
to 
Articles 77, 78 CRR requires that 
either of the following conditions 
is met: 
(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor 
oder gleichzeitig mit der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest gleicher Qualität 
(i) 
before or at the same time 
as the redemption or the 
repurchase, 
the 
Issuer 
replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable

--- Page 150 ---
148 
zu Bedingungen, die im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind; 
oder 
for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
die 
Emittentin 
hat 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
hinreichend nachgewiesen, 
dass ihre Eigenmittel und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten nach der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
die 
Anforderungen nach den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
um 
eine 
Spanne übersteigen, die 
die zuständige Behörde für 
erforderlich hält; 
(ii) 
the 
Issuer 
has 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
competent authority that 
the own funds and eligible 
liabilities 
of 
the 
Issuer 
would, 
following 
such 
redemption or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements 
laid down in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations by 
a 
margin 
that 
the 
competent 
authority 
considers necessary; 
wobei die zuständige Behörde 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
eine 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einen 
Rückkauf 
eine 
allgemeine 
vorherige Zustimmung für einen 
bestimmten Zeitraum, der auf ein 
Jahr begrenzt ist und danach 
verlängert werden kann, und 
einen vorab von der zuständigen 
Behörde 
festgelegten 
Betrag 
erteilen 
kann, 
die 
Kriterien 
unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass 
jede 
derartige 
künftige 
Rückzahlung bzw. jeder derartige 
künftige Rückkauf im Einklang 
mit den oben unter (i) und (ii) 
festgelegten 
Bedingungen 
vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende 
Vorkehrungen hinsichtlich ihrer 
Fähigkeit trifft, mit Eigenmitteln, 
die 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen 
Beträge 
übersteigen, tätig zu sein. 
provided that the competent 
authority may grant the Issuer a 
general prior permission to make 
a redemption or a repurchase for 
a specified period, which shall not 
exceed one year, after which it 
may be renewed, and for a 
certain predetermined amount as 
set by the competent authority, 
subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such future redemption or 
repurchase will be in accordance 
with the conditions set out in 
points (i) and (ii) above, if the 
Issuer 
provides 
sufficient 
safeguards as to its capacity to 
operate with own funds above the 
amounts 
required 
in 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. 
(b) 
Zusätzlich zu (a) gilt bei einer 
Rückzahlung 
bzw. 
einem 
Rückkauf 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen: (i) im 
Falle 
einer 
Kündigung 
aus 
regulatorischen oder steuerlichen 
(b) 
In addition to (a), in the event of a 
redemption or, as the case may 
be, a repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of 
the Notes (i) in case of a 
redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons or reasons of taxation 
the conditions in § 5(3) or, as the

--- Page 151 ---
149 
Gründen müssen die in § 5(3) 
bzw. 
§ 5(4) 
genannten 
Bedingungen erfüllt sein, und (ii) 
Rückkäufe 
dürfen 
nur 
zum 
Zwecke der Marktpflege und 
innerhalb 
der 
von 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
genehmigten Grenzen erfolgen. 
case may be, § 5(4) have to be 
met, and (ii) repurchases may be 
made only for market making 
purposes and within the limits 
permitted 
by 
the 
competent 
authority. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
Nichterteilung der Zustimmung 
gemäß Artikel 77, 78 CRR durch 
die 
zuständige 
Behörde 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any 
refusal of the competent authority 
to 
grant 
permission 
in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption 
and 
does 
not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purpose. 
(c) 
Es 
ist 
kein 
Auslöseereignis 
eingetreten, und zwar weder vor 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
noch 
ab 
dem Tag, an dem die Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin (jeweils einschließlich). 
(c) 
Neither prior to the exercise of the 
redemption right nor in the period 
from and including the date on 
which the notice to exercise the 
redemption right is given to and 
including the date fixed for 
redemption a Trigger Event has 
occurred. 
(d) 
(i) Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
am 
Rückzahlungstag 
weder 
überschuldet im Sinne von § 19 
InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages 
führt 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin und (iii) es liegt keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vor. 
(d) 
(i) The Issuer is neither over-
indebted within the meaning of 
§ 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of redemption, (ii) the payment of 
the Redemption Amount does not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists. 
Ungeachtet 
der 
oben 
genannten 
Bedingungen, falls die zum Zeitpunkt 
der Rückzahlung oder des Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften eine Rückzahlung oder 
einen Rückkauf nur zulassen, wenn 
eine solche Rückzahlung oder ein 
solcher Rückkauf im Einklang mit 
zumindest 
einer 
alternativen 
oder 
weiteren Voraussetzung steht, dann 
muss die Emittentin jeder dieser 
etwaigen 
anderen 
und/oder 
zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen (wie 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, 
if, at the time of any redemption or 
repurchase, the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations permit the redemption or 
repurchase only after compliance with 
one or more alternative or additional 
pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, as applicable, additional pre-
conditions, if any.

--- Page 152 ---
150 
jeweils anwendbar) entsprechen. 
Eine Erklärung der Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) oder (5) hat gemäß § 11 
zu erfolgen. Sie muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin und 
im Falle einer Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(3), (4) oder (5) den Grund für die 
Rückzahlung nennen. 
A notice of redemption pursuant to 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) or (5) shall be given in 
accordance with § 11. Such notice shall 
state the date fixed for redemption and, 
in the case of a notice pursuant to 
§ 5(3), (4) or (5), the reason for the 
redemption. 
Falls zwischen dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem 
die Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, und dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin ein 
Auslöseereignis eintritt, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
zurückgezahlt 
und 
die 
Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts gilt 
automatisch als zurückgenommen und 
ist null und nichtig. 
If a Trigger Event occurs in the period 
between the date on which notice to 
exercise the redemption right is given 
and the date fixed for redemption, the 
Notes must not be redeemed on the 
date fixed for redemption and the notice 
of redemption shall automatically be 
deemed revoked and shall be null and 
void. 
§ 41 InsO bleibt unberührt. 
§ 41 InsO remains unaffected. 
(7) 
Kündigung 
nach 
erfolgter 
Hochschreibung; Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht nach § 5(2) nur 
ausüben, wenn etwaige Herabschrei-
bungen nach § 5(9)(b) wieder gemäß 
§ 5(10) 
vollständig 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrag 
hochgeschrieben worden sind. 
(7) 
Redemption 
after 
Write-Up; 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer may 
exercise its redemption right pursuant 
to § 5(2) only if any write-downs 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b) have been fully 
written up to the Original Nominal 
Amount in accordance with § 5(10). 
Die Emittentin ist nach Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses nicht zur Ausübung 
ihrer Rückzahlungsrechte nach § 5(2), 
(3), (4) oder (5) berechtigt, bis die 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9) 
vorgenommen wurde. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event 
the Issuer is not entitled to exercise its 
redemption rights pursuant to § 5(2), 
(3), (4) or (5) until the write-down 
pursuant to § 5(9) has been effected. 
Im Übrigen steht die Ausübung der 
Kündigungsrechte nach § 5(2), (3), (4) 
und (5) im alleinigen Ermessen der 
Emittentin. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
above, 
the 
exercise of the redemption rights 
pursuant to § 5(2), (3), (4) and (5) shall 
be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrem 
dann Aktuellen Nennbetrag, soweit 
nicht zuvor bereits zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet. 
"Redemption Amount" of each Note, 
unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, shall be 
the then Current Nominal Amount of 
such Note. 
(8) 
Kein 
Kündigungsrecht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger. Die Anleihegläubiger 
sind zur Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht berechtigt. 
(8) 
No Call Right of the Noteholders. The 
Noteholders shall have no right to call 
the Notes for redemption. 
(9) 
Herabschreibung. 
(9) 
Write-down. 
(a)
Auslöseereignis. Bei Eintritt eines 
(a)
Trigger 
Event. 
Upon 
the

--- Page 153 ---
151 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung 
um 
den 
Betrag 
der 
betreffenden 
Herabschreibung zu reduzieren. 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, 
the Current Nominal Amount of 
each Note shall be reduced by 
the amount of the relevant write-
down. 
Ein "Auslöseereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
die 
in 
Artikel 92 
Absatz 
1 
Buchstabe a CRR genannte 
harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
der 
Emittentin 
(die 
"Harte 
Kernkapitalquote"), 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at 
any time, the common equity tier 
1 
capital 
ratio 
pursuant 
to 
Article 92(1)(a) CRR of the Issuer 
(the "Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio"), determined 
(i) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin zu bestimmen, 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin; und/oder 
(i) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a solo basis, on a solo 
basis; and/or 
(ii) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
auf konsolidierter Basis zu 
bestimmen, 
auf 
konsolidierter Basis, 
(ii) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a consolidated basis, on 
a consolidated basis, 
unter 
[Mindest-CET-1-Quote 
einfügen] %9 
(die 
"Mindest-
CET1-Quote") fällt. 
falls below [insert Minimum 
CET1 Ratio] per cent.10 (the 
"Minimum CET1 Ratio"). 
Ob zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt ein 
Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, 
wird von der Emittentin, der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder einer anderen von der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
für diesen Zweck ernannten 
Stelle 
bestimmt, 
und 
diese 
Bestimmung 
ist 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
Whether a Trigger Event has 
occurred at any time will be 
determined by the Issuer, the 
competent supervisory authority 
or any agent appointed for such 
purpose 
by 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority and such 
determination will be binding on 
the Noteholders. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Ein 
Auslöseereignis kann zu jeder 
Zeit 
festgestellt 
werden 
und 
mehrfach eintreten. 
For the avoidance of doubt: A 
Trigger Event may be determined 
at any time and may occur on 
more than one occasion. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der Eintritt eines 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
 
9 
Die Mindest-CET-1-Quote darf nicht unter 5,125 % liegen. 
10 
The Minimum CET1 Ratio must not be below 5.125 per cent.

--- Page 154 ---
152 
Auslöseereignisses 
berechtigt 
die Anleihegläubiger nicht zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
shall not entitle the Noteholders 
to call the Notes for redemption 
and shall not constitute a default 
of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Herabschreibung. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
eine 
Herabschreibung pro rata mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten, 
die 
eine 
Herabschreibung (gleichviel ob 
permanent oder temporär) oder 
eine Wandlung in Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
bei 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses 
vorsehen, 
vorzunehmen. Wenn im Falle 
eines Auslöseereignisses auch 
andere 
AT1 
Instrumente 
herabzuschreiben 
oder 
in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals zu wandeln sind, die 
nach 
ihren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Auslöseereignis 
das Unterschreiten einer Harten 
Kernkapitalquote vorsehen, die 
auf oder über der Mindest-CET1-
Quote liegt (zusammen mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
"Relevanten AT1 Instrumente"), 
richtet sich das Verhältnis bzw. 
die Reihenfolge, in welcher für 
die jeweils herabzuschreibenden 
oder in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
zu 
wandelnden 
Instrumente 
eine 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften. 
Wird 
dieses 
Verhältnis 
bzw. 
diese 
Reihenfolge 
nicht 
durch 
die 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichts-
rechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorgegeben, so gilt Folgendes: 
(b) 
Write-down. Upon the occurrence 
of a Trigger Event, a write-down 
shall be effected pro rata with all 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
other 
AT1 
Instruments which provide for a 
write-down (whether permanent 
or temporary) or a conversion into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments upon the occurrence 
of such Trigger Event. If upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
other AT1 Instruments are also 
subject to a write-down or are 
subject 
to 
conversion 
into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments, 
where 
the 
respective conditions provide for 
a trigger event at a Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio level 
that is at or above the Minimum 
CET1 Ratio (together with the 
Notes 
the 
"Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments"), any such write-
down or conversion will occur in 
such order of application or ratio 
as required in accordance with 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. If no such order or 
ratio is required by the Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations, 
the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Eine 
Herabschreibung 
gemäß diesem § 5(9)(b) 
erfolgt, vorbehaltlich der 
Regelung 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes, pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen Relevanten AT1 
(i) 
Any write-down pursuant to 
this § 5(9)(b) will, subject to 
the provision set out in the 
following 
sentence, 
be 
effected pro rata with all 
other 
Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments.

--- Page 155 ---
153 
Instrumenten. 
Dabei 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
sämtliche 
andere 
Relevante AT1 Instrumente 
jeweils nur insoweit an 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
bzw. einer Wandlung in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals beteiligt, wie 
dies insgesamt erforderlich 
ist, 
damit 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
(i) auf 
konsolidierter Basis und 
(ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis 
(jeweils 
nur 
wenn 
und 
solange die Emittentin nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften oder aufgrund 
behördlicher 
Anordnung 
verpflichtet ist, die Harte 
Kernkapitalquote insoweit 
zu bestimmen) diejenige 
Quote wieder erreicht, die 
in 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Quote für 
das die Herabschreibung 
und/oder die Wandlung in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
auslösende 
Ereignis 
festgelegt 
ist; 
wobei 
die 
Summe 
der 
Herabschreibungen 
und 
Wandlungen insgesamt auf 
den 
gesamten, 
im 
Zeitpunkt des Eintritts des 
Auslöseereignisses ausste-
henden Nennbetrag der 
Relevanten 
AT1 
Instrumente beschränkt ist. 
The Notes and all other 
Relevant AT1 Instruments 
will in the aggregate only be 
written-down or (as the 
case may be) converted 
into common equity tier 1 
capital instruments to the 
extent required to restore 
the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital 
Ratio 
as 
determined 
on 
(i) a 
consolidated 
basis 
and 
(ii) a solo basis (in each 
case only if and as long as 
the 
Issuer 
is 
required 
pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations or 
an administrative order to 
determine the ratio on such 
level) to the ratio provided 
for in their respective terms 
as the ratio triggering the 
event resulting in such 
write-down 
and/or 
conversion into common 
equity 
tier 1 
capital 
instruments; provided that 
the total amount of the 
write-downs 
and 
conversions 
shall 
not 
exceed the sum of the 
outstanding 
principal 
amounts of the Relevant 
AT1 Instruments at the time 
of occurrence of the Trigger 
Event. 
(ii) 
Jedes andere Relevante 
AT1 
Instrument, 
das 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
herabgeschrieben 
oder 
gewandelt werden kann, 
wird für den Zweck der 
Bestimmung der relevanten 
pro rata-Beträge für eine 
Herabschreibung und die 
Berechnung des Betrags 
der Herabschreibung so 
behandelt, als ob seine 
(ii) 
Any other Relevant AT1 
Instrument that may be 
written down or converted 
in full but not in part will, for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the relevant 
pro rata amounts for a 
write-down and calculation 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount, be treated as if its 
terms permit a partial write-
down or conversion.

--- Page 156 ---
154 
Bedingungen eine teilweise 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
vorsehen 
würden. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
hängt nicht von der Wirksamkeit 
oder 
Durchführung 
einer 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
anderer Instrumente ab und ist 
unabhängig 
davon 
gemäß 
§ 5(9)(b) 
vorzunehmen. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Soweit 
die 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
die 
Wandlung in Instrumente des 
harten Kernkapitals unter einem 
oder mehreren der anderen AT1 
Instrumente der Emittentin aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht wirksam 
ist oder nicht durchgeführt wird, 
wird diese unwirksame oder nicht 
durchgeführte Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
bei 
der 
Bestimmung des Betrags der 
Herabschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) nicht berücksichtigt. 
(c) 
Effecting a write-down in respect 
of the Notes shall not be 
dependent on the effectiveness 
or implementation of a write-
down or conversion of other 
instruments and any such non-
effectiveness 
or 
non-
implementation 
shall 
not 
prejudice the effecting of a write-
down pursuant to § 5(9)(b). For 
the avoidance of doubt: to the 
extent that the write-down or the 
conversion into common equity 
tier 1 capital instruments of one or 
more 
of 
the 
other 
AT1 
Instruments of the Issuer is not 
effective or is not implemented for 
any reason, such non-effective or 
non-implemented write-down or 
conversion will not be taken into 
account when determining the 
written-down amount in respect 
of the Notes under § 5(9)(b). 
Die Summe der in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmenden 
Herabschreibungen ist auf die 
Summe 
der 
Aktuellen 
Nennbeträge aller zum Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
jeweiligen 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beschränkt. 
The sum of the write-
downs to be effected with respect 
to the Notes shall be limited to the 
aggregate 
Current 
Nominal 
Amount of all Notes outstanding 
at the time of occurrence of the 
relevant Trigger Event. 
(d) 
Im Falle des Eintritts eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
wird 
die 
Emittentin: 
(d) 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event, the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
unverzüglich die für sie 
zuständige Behörde sowie 
gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Eintritt dieses 
Auslöseereignisses sowie 
des Umstandes, dass eine 
Herabschreibung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
(i) 
inform 
the 
competent 
authority of the Issuer and, 
in accordance with § 11, 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes without undue delay 
about the occurrence of 
such Trigger Event and the 
fact that a write-down will 
have to be effected, and

--- Page 157 ---
155 
unterrichten, und 
(ii) 
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
innerhalb 
eines 
Monats (soweit die für sie 
zuständige Behörde diese 
Frist nicht verkürzt) die 
bezogen auf die jeweilige 
Schuldverschreibung 
vorzunehmende 
Herabschreibung und den 
daraus 
resultierenden 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbe-
trag feststellen und (A) der 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
(B) den Anleihegläubigern 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 11, 
(C) der 
Berechnungsstelle und der 
Zahlstelle sowie (D) jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung 
der 
Emittentin 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren 
Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, mitteilen. 
(ii) 
determine the write-down 
to 
be 
effected 
without 
undue delay, but not later 
than within one month 
(unless 
the 
competent 
authority 
of 
the 
Issuer 
shortens such period), and 
notify such write-down in 
relation 
to 
each 
Note 
together with the resultant 
new 
Current 
Nominal 
Amount 
(A) to 
the 
competent authority, (B) to 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes in accordance with 
§ 11, (C) to the Calculation 
Agent 
and 
the 
Paying 
Agent and (D), if required 
by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time 
to time at the request of the 
Issuer, 
to 
such 
stock 
exchange. 
(e) 
Die Herabschreibung ist vorge-
nommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen ist reduziert wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
wenn 
die 
Abgabe 
der 
Mitteilungen an die Anleihe-
gläubiger gemäß § 11 erfolgt ist. 
(e) 
The write-down shall be deemed 
effected at the time when the 
notice to the Noteholders is given 
in accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be reduced at such 
time in the amount as specified in 
the notice. 
Ein Unterlassen der Mitteilungen 
nach § 5(9)(d)(i) und/oder (ii) 
berührt nicht die Wirksamkeit 
einer Herabschreibung und diese 
gilt jedenfalls spätestens ein 
Monat (soweit die zuständige 
Behörde 
diese 
Frist 
nicht 
verkürzt) 
nach 
Eintritt 
des 
betreffenden Auslöseereignisses 
in 
der 
Höhe 
des 
von 
der 
Emittentin festgestellten Betrags 
als vorgenommen. Eine nicht 
erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
Any 
failure 
to 
give 
notices 
pursuant to § 5(9)(d)(i) and/or (ii) 
will not affect the effectiveness of, 
or otherwise invalidate, any write-
down and such write-down shall 
be deemed effected, on the basis 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount 
determined by the Issuer, in any 
event no later than one month 
(unless the competent authority 
of the Issuer shortens such 
period) after the occurrence of 
the relevant Trigger Event. A 
notice which has not been given 
shall be given without undue 
delay.

--- Page 158 ---
156 
(10) Hochschreibung. 
(10) Write-up. 
(a) 
Nach 
der 
Vornahme 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
kann 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung in jedem 
der Geschäftsjahre der Emittentin 
nach der Herabschreibung bis 
zur 
vollständigen 
Höhe 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
(soweit nicht zuvor zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet) 
nach Maßgabe der folgenden 
Regelungen 
dieses 
§ 5(10) 
wieder hochgeschrieben werden, 
soweit 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss 
nach 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss der Emittentin 
zur Verfügung steht und mithin 
hierdurch kein Jahresfehlbetrag 
entsteht oder erhöht würde. Die 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
mit 
Wirkung 
ab 
dem 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
das 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
folgt, für das der zuvor genannte 
Jahresüberschuss 
festgestellt 
wurde. 
(a) 
After a write-down has been 
effected, the Current Nominal 
Amount of each Note, unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, may 
be written up in accordance with 
the following provisions of § 5(10) 
in each of the financial years of 
the Issuer subsequent to the 
occurrence of such write-down 
until the full Original Nominal 
Amount has been reached, to the 
extent 
that 
a 
corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is calculated on the basis of the 
financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with 
German commercial law and the 
write-up will not give rise to or 
increase 
an 
annual 
loss 
(Jahresfehlbetrag). The write-up 
will occur with effect as of the first 
Interest Payment Date (including) 
immediately 
following 
the 
financial year of the Issuer for 
which 
the 
above-mentioned 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
was determined. 
(b) 
Die 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
gleichrangig 
mit 
der 
Hochschreibung 
anderer 
AT1 
Instrumente. 
(b) 
The write-up shall be effected 
pari passu with write-ups of other 
AT1 Instruments. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
einer 
Hochschreibung 
steht 
vorbehaltlich der nachfolgenden 
Vorgaben der nachstehenden 
Ziffern (i) bis (v) im Ermessen der 
Emittentin. Insbesondere kann 
die Emittentin auch dann ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
von 
einer 
Hochschreibung absehen, wenn 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss zur Verfügung 
steht und die Vorgaben der 
nachstehenden Ziffern (i) bis (v) 
erfüllt wären. 
(c) 
Subject to the conditions set out 
in clauses (i) to (v) below, it shall 
be at the discretion of the Issuer 
to effect a write-up. In particular, 
the Issuer may effect a write-up 
only in part or effect no write-up 
at all even if a corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is recorded and the conditions set 
out in clauses (i) to (v) below are 
fulfilled. 
(i) 
Soweit 
der 
festgestellte 
bzw. 
festzustellende 
Jahresüberschuss für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und anderer, mit einem 
(i) 
To the extent that the 
annual 
profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined is to be used for 
a write-up of the Notes and

--- Page 159 ---
157 
vergleichbaren 
Auslöseereignis (ggf. mit 
einer abweichenden harten 
Kernkapitalquote 
als 
Auslöser) 
ausgestatteter 
AT1 Instrumente 
(einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen die 
"Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 
Instrumente") 
verwendet werden soll und 
nach Maßgabe von (ii) und 
(iii) zur Verfügung steht, 
erfolgt die Hochschreibung 
pro rata nach Maßgabe der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente. 
of other AT1 Instruments, 
the terms of which provide 
for a similar Trigger Event 
(also if such terms provide 
for a different common 
equity tier 1 capital ratio as 
trigger) (together with the 
Notes, the "Written Down 
AT1 Instruments"), and is 
available 
in 
accordance 
with (ii) and (iii) below, such 
write-up shall be effected 
pro rata in proportion to the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments. 
(ii) 
Der 
Höchstbetrag, 
der 
insgesamt 
für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
anderer, 
Herabgeschriebener 
AT1 
Instrumente 
sowie 
die 
Zahlung von Zinsen und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente 
verwendet werden kann, 
errechnet sich nach den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Berechnung 
des 
Höchstbetrags 
für 
Hochschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt für die Berechnung 
folgende Formel: 
(ii) 
The maximum total amount 
that may be used for a 
write-up of the Notes and of 
other Written Down AT1 
Instruments and for the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
calculated in accordance 
with 
the 
regulatory 
technical standards and the 
other 
requirements 
applicable at the time of the 
calculation of the maximum 
total amount for write-ups. 
At the time of the issuance 
of the Notes, the calculation 
is based on the following 
formula: 
H = J × S
T1  
H = J × S
T1  
‘H’ bezeichnet den für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zur Verfügung 
‘H’ means the maximum 
amount available for the 
write-up of the Written 
Down AT1 Instruments and 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down AT1 Instruments;

--- Page 160 ---
158 
stehenden Höchstbetrag; 
‘J’ 
bezeichnet 
den 
festgestellten 
bzw. 
festzustellenden 
Jahresüberschuss 
des 
Vorjahres aus dem nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
oder, 
falls 
niedriger, 
aus 
dem 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin; 
‘J’ means the annual profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined for the previous 
year on the basis of the 
unconsolidated 
annual 
financial statements of the 
Issuer or, if lower, the 
consolidated 
annual 
financial statements of the 
Issuer; 
‘S’ bezeichnet die Summe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
(d.h. 
vor 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen infolge 
eines Auslöseereignisses); 
‘S’ means the sum of the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments 
(i.e. 
before 
write-downs 
due 
to 
a 
Trigger Event have been 
effected); 
‘T1’ bezeichnet den Betrag 
des 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin unmittelbar vor 
Vornahme 
der 
Hochschreibung. 
‘T1’ means the amount of 
the tier 1 capital of the 
Issuer immediately before 
the write-up is effected. 
Der Höchstbetrag ‘H’ ist 
von der Emittentin nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen 
zu 
bestimmen und der so 
bestimmte 
Betrag 
der 
Hochschreibung zugrunde 
zu legen, ohne dass es 
einer 
Änderung 
dieser 
Ziffer (ii) bedürfte. 
The maximum amount ‘H’ 
shall be determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with 
the 
regulatory 
technical 
standards and the other 
requirements applicable at 
the time of determination, 
and the write-up shall be 
based on the amount so 
determined 
without 
requiring any amendment 
to this clause (ii). 
(iii) 
Insgesamt darf die Summe 
der 
Beträge 
der 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zusammen mit 
etwaigen Dividenden und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
(iii) 
In total, the sum of the 
amounts of the write-ups of 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments together with 
the 
amounts 
of 
any 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the

--- Page 161 ---
159 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
(einschließlich 
auch der Zinszahlungen 
und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen auf Herab-
geschriebene AT1 Instru-
mente) in Bezug auf das 
betreffende Geschäftsjahr 
den 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag oder einen anderen 
nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
vorgeschriebenen 
Höchstbetrag 
nicht 
überschreiten. 
Issuer 
(including 
the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments) 
for 
the 
relevant financial year must 
not exceed the Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount 
or 
any 
other 
maximum 
amount prescribed by the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
for 
this 
purpose. 
(iv) 
Hochschreibungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gehen 
Dividenden 
und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin nicht vor, d.h. 
diese können auch dann 
vorgenommen 
werden, 
solange keine vollständige 
Hochschreibung erfolgt ist. 
(iv) 
Write-ups of the Notes do 
not 
have 
priority 
over 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the 
Issuer, i.e. such payments 
and 
Distributions 
are 
permitted even if no full 
write-up has been effected. 
(v) 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
Hochschreibung darf kein 
Auslöseereignis 
fortbestehen. 
Eine 
Hochschreibung ist zudem 
ausgeschlossen, 
soweit 
diese zu dem Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses führen 
würde. 
(v) 
At the time of a write-up, 
there must not exist any 
Trigger 
Event 
that 
is 
continuing. A write-up is 
also excluded if such write-
up would give rise to the 
occurrence of a Trigger 
Event. 
(d) 
Wenn sich die Emittentin für die 
Vornahme einer Hochschreibung 
nach den Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 5(10) entscheidet, wird sie bis 
spätestens 10 Kalendertage vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag, an dem die 
Hochschreibung bewirkt werden 
soll (der "Hochschreibungstag") 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 
11, die Berechnungsstelle, die 
(d) 
If the Issuer elects to effect a 
write-up in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 5(10), it shall 
give notice no later than 10 
calendar days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date on which the write-
up will become effective (the 
"Write-Up 
Date"), 
to 
the 
Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11, to the 
Calculation Agent, to the Paying 
Agent and, if required by the rules

--- Page 162 ---
160 
Zahlstelle sowie jede Börse, an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, von der 
Vornahme der Hochschreibung 
unterrichten 
und 
den 
Hochschreibungsbetrag 
als 
Prozentsatz des Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
den 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbetrag und 
den 
Hochschreibungstag 
benennen. Die Hochschreibung 
ist 
vorgenommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige Aktuelle Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist mit 
Wirkung 
zum 
Hochschreibungstag erhöht wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
wenn die Abgabe der Mitteilung 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 11 erfolgt ist. 
of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed from time to 
time at the request of the Issuer, 
to such stock exchange, of the 
write-up specifying the amount of 
the write-up as a percentage of 
the Original Nominal Amount of 
the Notes, the new Current 
Nominal Amount and the Write-
Up Date. The write-up shall be 
deemed to be effected at the time 
when 
the 
notice 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
is 
given 
in 
accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be increased in the 
amount as specified in the notice 
with effect as of the Write-up 
Date. 
§ 6 
Die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle 
§ 6 
Paying Agent(s) and Calculation Agent 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte Zahlstelle, die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren 
jeweilige 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The 
initial Paying Agent and the initial 
Calculation Agent and their respective 
initial specified offices are: 
"Zahlstelle": 
"Paying Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
"Calculation Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified office 
to some other specified offices in the 
same jurisdiction.

--- Page 163 ---
161 
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
einer 
Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
zusätzliche 
oder 
andere 
Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von [mindestens 30 und 
nicht mehr als 45 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
informiert wurden. 
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Calculation Agent or 
the Paying Agent and to appoint 
another Calculation Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain a Paying 
Agent and a Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after [not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 Business 
Days’] [●] prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
(3) 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle und die Zahlstelle 
handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, und es wird 
kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Calculation 
Agent and the Paying Agent act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards, or relationship 
of agency or trust for, any of the 
Noteholders. 
§ 7 
Steuern 
§ 7 
Taxation 
(1) 
Quellensteuern 
und 
Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
von 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung 
einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, dieser Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. Im Fall des Einbehalts 
oder 
Abzugs 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zinszahlungen (nicht jedoch Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital) 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
(vorbehaltlich § 3[(7)][(8)]) diejenigen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
(1) 
Withholding 
Taxes 
and 
Additional 
Amounts. All amounts payable in 
respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding 
or deduction by or in or for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or 
any 
political 
subdivision 
or 
any 
authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In the 
event of such withholding or deduction 
on payments of interest (but not in 
respect of the payment of any principal 
in respect of the Notes), the Issuer shall 
(subject to § 3[(7)][(8)]) pay such 
additional 
amounts 
("Additional 
Amounts") as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by 
the Noteholders, after such withholding

--- Page 164 ---
162 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern empfangen worden 
wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher zusätzlichen Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
or deduction, shall equal the respective 
amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable by the Noteholders in 
the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; 
except 
that 
no 
such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als depotführende 
Stelle oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten 
sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden 
Zahlungen 
einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; 
oder 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from 
payments made by it; or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in Deutschland stammen 
(oder 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
Besteuerung 
so 
behandelt 
werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having 
had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes 
are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, 
Germany; or 
(c) 
denen der Anleihegläubiger nicht 
unterläge, 
wenn 
er 
seine 
Anleihegläubigerstellung binnen 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit oder, 
falls die notwendigen Beträge der 
Zahlstelle bei Fälligkeit nicht zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
binnen 30 Tagen nach dem Tag, 
an dem diese Mittel der Zahlstelle 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind und dies gemäß § 11 
bekannt gemacht wurde, der 
Zahlstelle 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hätte; oder 
(c) 
to which the Noteholder would 
not be subject if it had sufficiently 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
Paying 
Agent its status as a Noteholder 
within 30 days from the due date 
for payment, or, if the necessary 
funds were not provided to the 
Paying Agent when due, within 
30 days from the date on which 
such funds are provided to the 
Paying Agent and a notice to that 
effect has been published in 
accordance with § 11; or 
(d) 
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen 
oder einbehalten werden, wenn 
die Zahlung von einer anderen 
(d) 
are deducted or withheld by a 
Paying Agent from a payment if 
the payment could have been

--- Page 165 ---
163 
Zahlstelle ohne den Abzug oder 
Einbehalt hätte vorgenommen 
werden können; oder 
made by another Paying Agent 
without 
such 
deduction 
or 
withholding; or 
(e) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
einem Kreditinstitut verwahrt und 
die 
Zahlungen 
von 
diesem 
eingezogen worden wären, oder 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Notes 
had been kept in safe custody 
with, and the payments had been 
collected by, a banking institution; 
or 
(f) 
wegen 
einer 
Rechtsänderung 
oder einer Änderung in der 
Rechtsanwendung 
zu 
zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
wirksam wird; oder 
(f) 
are payable by reason of a 
change in a law or administrative 
practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, 
or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof 
is 
published 
in 
accordance with § 11, whichever 
occurs later; or 
(g) 
durch 
die 
Erfüllung 
von 
gesetzlichen Anforderungen oder 
durch 
die 
Vorlage 
einer 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder 
durch 
die 
sonstige 
Geltendmachung 
eines 
Anspruchs 
auf 
Befreiung 
gegenüber 
der 
betreffenden 
Steuerbehörde vermeidbar sind 
oder gewesen wären; oder 
(g) 
are avoidable or would have been 
avoidable through compliance 
with statutory requirements or 
through the submission of a 
declaration of non-residence or 
by otherwise enforcing a claim for 
exemption at the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(h) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden, weil der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
selbst 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist und 
der Abzug oder Einbehalt bei 
Zahlungen 
an 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer nicht 
erfolgt wäre oder eine Zahlung 
zusätzlicher Beträge bei einer 
Zahlung an den wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer nach Maßgabe der 
vorstehenden Regelungen hätte 
vermieden werden können, wenn 
dieser 
zugleich 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gewesen wäre. 
(h) 
are 
deducted 
or 
withheld 
because the beneficial owner of 
the Notes is not itself their legal 
owner 
(Noteholder) 
and 
the 
deduction 
or 
withholding 
in 
respect of payments to the 
beneficial owner would not have 
been made or the payment of 
Additional Amounts in respect of 
a payment to the beneficial owner 
in accordance with the above 
provisions 
could 
have 
been 
avoided if the latter had also been 
the legal owner (Noteholder) of 
the Notes. 
(2) 
FATCA. 
Die 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
(2) 
FATCA. The obligation of the Issuer to 
pay Additional Amounts shall not apply

--- Page 166 ---
164 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
soll 
keine 
Anwendung finden auf Steuern oder 
Abgaben, die nur zu zahlen sind auf 
Grund 
einer 
Nichteinhaltung 
von 
Anforderungen 
durch 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer (oder ein 
Finanzinstitut, 
durch 
das 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält oder durch 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten ist) 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zertifizierung, 
Information, 
Identifikation, 
Dokumentation 
oder 
andere 
Mitteilungen 
(einschließlich 
dem 
Abschluss und der Einhaltung von 
Vereinbarungen mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service) gemäß (a) den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (in der am Tag 
der 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Fassung oder gemäß geänderter oder 
nachfolgender Bestimmungen, soweit 
diese geänderten oder nachfolgenden 
Bestimmungen 
nicht 
wesentlich 
beschwerlicher sind als jene am Tag 
der Ausgabe geltenden Fassung) oder 
aktuellen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
offiziellen 
Auslegungen 
hiervon, 
(b) 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und 
einem anderen Staat zur Umsetzung 
der Anforderungen aus diesen Normen 
oder 
(c) 
einem 
Gesetz, 
einer 
Verordnung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
offiziellen Richtlinie, das bzw. die in 
einem anderen Staat erlassen wurde. 
 
to any taxes or duties that would not 
have been imposed but for a failure by 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner (or 
any financial institution through which 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner 
holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made) to 
comply 
with 
any 
certification, 
information, 
identification, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirements (including entering into 
and complying with an agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service) 
imposed (a) pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code as in effect on the date 
of issuance of the Notes or any 
successor or amended version of these 
provisions, 
to 
the 
extent 
such 
successor or amended version is not 
materially more onerous than these 
provisions as enacted on such date or 
any current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof, (b) under 
an 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
entered into between the United States 
and the government of another country 
in order to implement the requirements 
of these provisions or (c) any law, 
regulation or other official written 
guidance enacted in any other country. 
§ 8 
Vorlegungsfrist 
§ 8 
Term of presentation 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
zehn 
Jahre 
verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801(1) 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen, 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
§ 9 
Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions,

--- Page 167 ---
165 
Noteholders’ Representative 
(1) 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Einhaltung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Voraussetzungen 
für 
die 
Anerkennung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
(falls 
aufsichtsrechtlich 
erforderlich) 
der 
Zustimmung der zuständigen Behörde 
entsprechend den Bestimmungen des 
Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
"SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit 
der in § 9(2) bestimmten Mehrheit über 
einen 
im 
SchVG 
zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin 
vereinbaren. Die Emittentin wird die 
zuständige Behörde vor Durchführung 
der 
Abstimmung 
von 
den 
zur 
Abstimmung 
vorzulegenden 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
unterrichten. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
können 
nicht 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
geändert werden. 
(1) 
Amendment 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions. In accordance with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), the 
Noteholders 
may, 
subject 
to 
compliance with the requirements of 
regulatory law for the recognition of the 
Notes as AT1 Instruments and (if 
necessary under applicable regulatory 
laws) the permission of the competent 
authority, agree with the Issuer on 
amendments 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution 
with the majority specified in § 9(2). The 
Issuer 
will 
notify 
the 
competent 
authority of changes to the Terms and 
Conditions to be submitted for voting 
prior to the voting. For the avoidance of 
doubt: The Terms and Conditions may 
not be amended without the consent of 
the Issuer. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
sind 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Anleihegläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Anleihegläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die 
benachteiligten 
Anleihegläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on 
all Noteholders. A majority resolution 
which does not provide for identical 
conditions for all Noteholders is void, 
unless 
Noteholders 
who 
are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented to 
their being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger entscheiden mit einer 
Mehrheit 
von 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des 
§ 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG 
betreffen, 
bedürfen 
zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit 
der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed 
by a majority of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters 
listed in § 5(3) nos. 1 to 9 SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes 
cast. 
(3) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle 
(3) 
Vote without a meeting. All votes will be

--- Page 168 ---
166 
Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
und 
eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine 
solche 
Versammlung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall 
des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
taken exclusively by vote taken without 
a meeting. A meeting of Noteholders 
and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18(4) 
sentence 2 SchVG. 
(4) 
Leitung 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Die 
Abstimmung wird von einem von der 
Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, 
falls der gemeinsame Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie gemäß § 9(6) 
bestellt) zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger geleitet. 
(4) 
Chair of the vote. The vote will be 
chaired by a notary appointed by the 
Issuer 
or, 
if 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative (as appointed pursuant 
to § 9(6)) has convened the vote, by the 
Noteholders’ Representative. 
(5) 
Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
nimmt 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen 
Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin 
oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) 
zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen gehalten 
werden. 
(5) 
Voting 
rights. 
Each 
Noteholder 
participating in any vote shall cast votes 
in accordance with the principal amount 
or the notional share of its entitlement 
to the outstanding Notes. The voting 
right is suspended as long as the Notes 
of the Issuer or an affiliate (within the 
meaning 
of 
§ 271(2) 
German 
Commercial Code (HGB)) or are held 
for the account of the Issuer or an 
affiliate. 
(6) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter für alle Anleihegläubiger 
bestellen. Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, 
welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit 
er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten 
der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser 
Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
gemeinsamen 
(6) 
Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
The 
Noteholders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative to 
exercise the Noteholders’ rights on 
behalf 
of 
each 
Noteholder. 
The 
Noteholders’ Representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by law 
or granted by majority resolution of the 
Noteholders. 
The 
Noteholders’ 
Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent 
that 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative has been authorised to 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Noteholders’ 
Representative shall provide reports to 
the Noteholders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the recall and the other rights 
and obligations of the Noteholders’

--- Page 169 ---
167 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
Representative. 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
Rückkauf und Entwertung 
§ 10 
Further Issues, Repurchases 
and Cancellation 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabekurses und/oder des ersten 
Zinszahlungstags) in der Weise zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price 
and/or the first interest payment date) 
so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
(2) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
mit der vorherigen Zustimmung der 
zuständigen Behörde und vorbehaltlich 
§ 5(6) Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen 
Kurs zurückzukaufen. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses darf die Emittentin 
keine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
diesem § 10(2) zurückkaufen, solange 
eine hieraus folgende Herabschreibung 
noch nicht erfolgt ist. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks 
Entwertung 
eingereicht 
werden. 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may, with the 
prior permission of the competent 
authority 
and 
subject 
to 
§ 5(6), 
repurchase Notes in the market or 
otherwise at any price. Upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, the 
Issuer may not repurchase any Notes 
pursuant to this § 10(2) if and so long 
as a write-down resulting herefrom has 
not been effected. Notes repurchased 
by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Nichterteilung der 
Zustimmung durch die zuständige 
Behörde zu einem Rückkauf nach 
§ 10(2) berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt: Any refusal 
of the competent authority to grant 
permission for a repurchase pursuant 
to 
§ 10(2) 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer. 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht 
wiederbegeben 
oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11
§ 11

--- Page 170 ---
168 
Mitteilungen 
Notices 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen, 
außer 
den 
in 
§ 9 
vorgesehenen Bekanntmachungen, die 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG erfolgen, 
sind 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com (oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeseite zu der angegebenen 
Seite)) 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Eine 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Mitteilungen mit dem Tage der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als erfolgt.  
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the 
Notes, other than any notices stipulated 
in § 9 which shall be made exclusively 
pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG, shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com (or 
any 
successor page to this page)). Any 
notice shall be deemed to be effected 
on the day of its publication (or in the 
case of more than one publication on 
the day of the first publication). 
(2) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System. Sofern die Regularien der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(oder 
einer 
anderen 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen notieren) dies 
zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
Bekanntmachungen auch durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
oder durch eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
direkt an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
bewirken. Bekanntmachungen über 
das Clearing System gelten sieben 
Tage nach der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System, direkte Mitteilungen 
an die Anleihegläubiger mit ihrem 
Zugang als bewirkt. 
(2) 
Notices to the Clearing System. The 
Issuer shall also be entitled to make 
notices to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders or directly to the 
Noteholders provided this complies 
with the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(or 
any 
other 
Stock 
Exchange on which the Notes are 
listed). Notices to the Clearing System 
shall be deemed to be effected seven 
days after the notification to the 
Clearing System, direct notices to the 
Noteholders shall be deemed to be 
effected upon their receipt. 
§ 12 
Fremdwährungen 
§ 12 
Other Currencies 
Sofern Beträge für ein Instrument nicht in der 
funktionalen 
Währung 
der 
Emittentin 
ausgedrückt sind, erfolgt für die Anwendung 
dieser Bedingungen eine Umrechnung in 
diese funktionale Währung zu dem zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt geltenden vorherrschenden und 
durch die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
festgestellten Wechselkurs oder gemäß 
einem anderen Verfahren, das in den für die 
Emittentin 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Eigenkapitalvorschriften vorgesehen ist. 
If any amounts with respect to any instrument 
are not expressed in the functional currency 
of the Issuer, for the application of these 
Terms and Conditions such amounts will be 
converted into such functional currency at the 
then-prevailing exchange rate, as determined 
by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion, or 
such other procedure as provided by capital 
regulations applicable to the Issuer from time 
to time. 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
§ 13 
Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form 
and content, and all rights and

--- Page 171 ---
169 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
obligations of the Noteholders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German 
law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist 
das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
nicht 
ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. Subject to any 
mandatory 
jurisdiction 
for 
specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the 
regional court (Landgericht) Stuttgart, 
Federal Republic of Germany, shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, 
in dem der Anleihegläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(i) 
indem 
er 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) beibringt, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Anleihegläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, 
die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind 
und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vorlegt, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearing Systems bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Noteholder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce 
in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as 
defined 
below) 
with 
whom 
such 
Noteholder 
maintains 
a 
securities 
account in respect of the Notes (a) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, 
(b) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to 
(a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes 
of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of 
recognized standing authorized to 
engage in securities custody business 
with which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the 
Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect or 
enforce its rights under the Notes also 
in any other way which is admitted in 
the country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 172 ---
170 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, 
die 
im 
Land 
der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
§ 14 
Sprache 
§ 14 
Language 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
beigefügt. 
Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German 
text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.

--- Page 173 ---
171 
OPTION III: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
IN SINGAPUR DOLLAR BEGEBENE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION III: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR NOTES ISSUED IN SINGAPORE 
DOLLARS 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung,  
zusätzliches Kernkapital, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination,  
AT1 Capital, Form 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") der 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(die "Emittentin") wird in Singapur 
Dollar  
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung" 
oder 
"SGD") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
SGD [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten einfügen] Singapur Dollar) in 
einer Stückelung von jeweils SGD [●]10 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung" oder 
der 
"Ursprüngliche 
Nennbetrag") 
begeben. 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This series of 
subordinated notes (the "Notes") of 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in 
Singapore dollars (the "Specified Cur-
rency" or "SGD") in the aggregate 
nominal 
amount 
of 
SGD 
[insert 
aggregate 
nominal 
amount] 
(in 
words: [insert amount in words] 
Singapore dollars) in a denomination of 
SGD [●]11 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination" 
or 
the 
"Original 
Nominal Amount") each. 
Zweck der Schuldverschreibungen ist 
die Überlassung von Eigenmitteln auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
in 
Form 
von 
zusätzlichem 
Kernkapital 
an 
die 
Emittentin. 
The purpose of the Notes is to furnish 
the Issuer with own funds in the form of 
additional tier 1 capital for an indefinite 
period of time. 
(2) 
Form. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in 
bearer form. 
(3) 
Globalurkunde. 
(3) 
Global Note. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
auf 
den 
Inhaber 
lautende 
Globalurkunde 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft  
(die 
"Globalurkunde"). 
Die 
Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift von zwei 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. Ein Recht 
der Anleihegläubiger auf Ausgabe und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden oder 
Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
The Notes are represented by one 
global note payable to bearer without 
interest coupons (the "Global Note"). 
The Global Note bears the manual or 
facsimile signatures of two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. The right of the Noteholders to 
require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons is 
excluded. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde 
wird bei Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt (das "Clearing System") hin-
terlegt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
(4) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will 
be deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt (the "Clearing System"), 
until the Issuer has satisfied and 
discharged all of its obligations under 
 
10 
Mindestens SGD 250.000. 
11 
At least SGD 250,000.

--- Page 174 ---
172 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
the Notes. 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger. "Anleihegläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigen-
tumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) 
Noteholder. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership 
or other right in the Notes. 
§ 2 
Status 
§ 2 
Status 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte, 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
stehen. 
(1) 
The Notes constitute unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking pari passu among themselves. 
(2) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Insolvenz, 
der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation der Emittentin oder eines 
Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
(2) 
If resolution measures are imposed on 
the Issuer, or in the event of the 
insolvency, dissolution, liquidation or 
composition of the Issuer, or if other 
proceedings 
are 
opened 
for 
the 
avoidance of insolvency of the Issuer or 
against the Issuer, the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes 
(a) 
stehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
wie 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus anderen AT1 Instrumenten 
sowie aus anderen Instrumenten, 
die nach zwingendem Recht mit 
AT1 Instrumenten gleichrangig 
sind; und 
(a) 
rank 
pari 
passu 
with 
the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
other 
AT1 
Instruments 
and 
obligations 
under 
other 
instruments which pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with AT1 Instruments; 
and 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
hinsichtlich Posten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß Artikel 26 CRR und 
etwaigen 
Instrumenten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
nach 
ihren 
Bedingungen oder zwingendem 
Recht gleichrangig mit Posten 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin sind, im Rang vor; und 
(b) 
rank senior to the obligations in 
respect of common equity tier 1 
items of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 26 CRR and any instru-
ments 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
pursuant 
to 
their 
terms 
or 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with common equity 
tier 1 items; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Rang 
vollständig 
nach, 
so 
dass 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einem 
(c) 
shall be fully subordinated to the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer, so that in any such event 
no amounts shall be payable in 
respect of the Notes until the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer have been satisfied in full.

--- Page 175 ---
173 
solchen Fall so lange nicht 
erfolgen, bis die Vorrangigen Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin voll-
ständig befriedigt sind. 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
oder 
andere 
Eigenmittelinstrumente der Emittentin 
im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 119 
CRR qualifizieren, gehen gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 7a KWG die Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
Eigenmitteln vor. 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer 
qualify as AT1 Instruments or other 
own funds instruments within the 
meaning of Article 4(1) no. 119 CRR, 
the obligations under the Notes will, 
pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG, rank in 
priority to all obligations under own 
funds instruments. 
(3) 
Definitionen. In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
haben 
die 
folgenden 
Begriffe 
die 
folgenden 
Bedeutungen: 
(3) 
Definitions. In 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
"AT1 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument der Emittentin, das 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als Instrument 
des zusätzlichen Kernkapitals gemäß 
Artikel 52 CRR qualifiziert. 
"AT1 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
an additional tier 1 instrument pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR at the relevant time. 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 
575/2013 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRR geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRR in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
CRR are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRR as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
"InsO" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Insolvenzordnung 
(InsO), 
in 
der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der InsO 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht 
sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen 
der InsO in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means the German Insolvency 
Statute (InsO), as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the InsO are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the InsO as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über 
das Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz – 
KWG), in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen des KWG geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen des KWG 
in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz 
– 
KWG), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
KWG are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the KWG as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions

--- Page 176 ---
174 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument oder nachrangige 
Darlehensinstrument der Emittentin, 
das zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als 
Ergänzungskapitalinstrument 
gemäß 
Artikel 63 CRR qualifiziert. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument 
or 
subordinated 
loan 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
a Tier 2 instrument pursuant to Article 
63 CRR at the relevant time. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten" der 
Emittentin 
bezeichnet 
sämtliche 
folgenden 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin: 
"Senior Ranking Obligations" of the 
Issuer means any and all of the 
following obligations of the Issuer: 
(i) 
die 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus deren nicht 
bevorrechtigten, nicht nachran-
gigen Schuldtiteln im Sinne von 
§ 46f Absatz 6 Satz 1 KWG (auch 
in Verbindung mit § 46f Absatz 9 
KWG)); 
(i) 
the unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (including, but not 
limited to, obligations of the 
Issuer under its non-preferred 
senior debt instruments within the 
meaning of § 46f(6) sentence 1 
KWG (also in conjunction with 
§ 46f(9) KWG)); 
(ii) 
die in § 39 Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 
InsO 
bezeichneten 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin; 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer 
specified in § 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 
InsO; 
(iii) 
die 
nachrangigen 
Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
nicht gemäß § 2(2)(a) und (b) im 
gleichen Rang zu den Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stehen oder diesen im Rang 
nachgehen;  
(iii) 
the subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not, pursuant 
to § 2(2)(a) and (b), rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes;  
(iv) 
andere 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, die nicht bereits von 
(i) bis (iii) erfasst sind und die 
gesetzlich (einschließlich gemäß 
§ 46f Absatz 7a Satz 3 KWG) 
vorrangig 
gegenüber 
AT1 
Instrumenten zu begleichen sind; 
und 
(iv) 
other obligations of the Issuer 
which pursuant to mandatory law 
(including pursuant to § 46f(7a) 
sentence 3 KWG) have to be 
satisfied with priority to AT1 
Instruments 
unless 
already 
captured in (i) through (iii); and 
(v)  
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
deren 
Tier 2 
Instrumenten. 
(v)  
the obligations of the Issuer 
under Tier 2 Instruments. 
(4) 
Unter Beachtung von § 2(2) bleibt es 
der 
Emittentin 
unbenommen, 
ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch aus dem 
sonstigen 
freien 
Vermögen 
zu 
bedienen. 
(4) 
Subject to § 2(2), the Issuer may satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes also 
from 
other 
distributable 
assets 
(sonstiges freies Vermögen) of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 177 ---
175 
(5) 
Die Aufrechnung von Forderungen aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gegen 
Forderungen 
der 
Emittentin 
ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern wird für ihre Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen keine 
Sicherheit oder Garantie gestellt; eine 
solche Sicherheit oder Garantie wird 
auch zu keinem späteren Zeitpunkt 
gestellt werden. Bereits gestellte oder 
zukünftig gestellte Sicherheiten oder 
Garantien 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin haften nicht für Forderungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) 
No Noteholder may set off his claims 
arising under the Notes against any 
claims of the Issuer. No collateral or 
guarantee is, or shall at any time be, 
provided 
securing 
claims 
of 
the 
Noteholders under the Notes. Any 
collateral or guarantee already pro-
vided or granted in the future (as the 
case may be) in connection with other 
liabilities of the Issuer may not be used 
for claims under the Notes. 
(6) 
Zahlungsbedingungen, (vorinsolvenzli-
ches) Zahlungsverbot. 
(6) 
Payment Conditions, (Pre-Insolvency) 
Payment Prohibition. 
(a) 
Nachträglich 
können 
der 
Nachrang gemäß § 2(2) nicht 
beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und jede 
anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist 
nicht verkürzt werden. Bereits vor 
der Vornahme von Abwicklungs-
maßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin oder der Einleitung 
eines 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin steht 
jede Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
dem Vorbehalt der Erfüllung der 
Bedingungen gemäß § 3(8) und 
jede Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) oder § 5(5) 
und 
jeder 
Rückkauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Maßgabe von § 10(2) unter dem 
Vorbehalt 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6). 
(a) 
No subsequent agreement may 
limit the subordination pursuant 
to § 2(2) or shorten the term of 
the Notes or any applicable 
notice period. Even prior to the 
imposition 
of 
any 
resolution 
measures upon the Issuer, or the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer, any payment of 
interest on the Notes will be 
subject to the conditions set forth 
in § 3(8) being fulfilled, and any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant 
to § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or § 5(5) 
and any repurchase of the Notes 
pursuant to § 10(2) will be subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption 
and Repurchase set forth in 
§ 5(6) being fulfilled. 
Zu den Bedingungen gemäß 
§ 3(8) und zu den Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6) 
gehört 
die 
Bedingung, dass an dem Tag, an 
dem der betreffende Betrag von 
Kapital oder Zinsen zur Zahlung 
vorgesehen 
ist, 
kein 
Eröff-
nungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
The conditions set forth in § 3(8) 
and 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase set 
forth 
in 
§ 5(6) 
include 
the 
condition that, on the date on 
which the relevant amount of 
principal or interest is scheduled 
to be paid, no reason for the 
opening 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings in respect of the

--- Page 178 ---
176 
anwendbaren 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt (also (i) die Emittentin am 
Tag 
der relevanten Zahlung 
weder überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig 
im Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
betreffenden 
Betrages von Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führt und (iii) keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vorliegt). 
Issuer in accordance with the 
applicable insolvency regulations 
exists (i.e. (i) the Issuer is neither 
over-indebted within the meaning 
of § 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of the relevant payment, (ii) the 
payment of the relevant amount 
of principal or interest would not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists). 
Das 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
bereits 
vor 
Einleitung eines Insolvenz- oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin nur 
dann einen fälligen Anspruch auf 
die 
betreffende 
vorgesehene 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
oder 
Rückzahlung haben, sofern kein 
Eröffnungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
anwendbaren 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt und die Zahlung des 
betreffenden Betrages nicht die 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
verursachen oder den Prozess 
der Insolvenz der Emittentin 
beschleunigen würde. 
This means that already prior to 
the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer the Noteholders will 
only have a due (fällig) claim for 
the relevant scheduled payment 
of interest or for redemption if no 
reason 
for 
the 
opening 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Issuer 
in 
accordance with the applicable 
insolvency regulations exists and 
if the payment of the relevant 
amount would not cause the 
insolvency of the Issuer or 
accelerate the process of the 
Issuer becoming insolvent. 
(b) 
Werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
anderen als den in § 2(2) und 
§ 2(6)(a) 
beschriebenen 
Umständen zurückgezahlt oder 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückerworben, 
so 
ist 
der 
zurückgezahlte 
oder 
gezahlte 
Betrag 
der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht auf entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurückzugewähren, sofern nicht 
die für die Emittentin zuständige 
Behörde der Rückzahlung oder 
dem Rückkauf zuvor zugestimmt 
hat. 
(b) 
If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased 
by 
the 
Issuer 
otherwise 
than 
in 
the 
circumstances 
described 
in 
§ 2(2) and § 2(6)(a), then the 
amounts redeemed or paid must 
be 
returned 
to 
the 
Issuer 
irrespective of any agreement to 
the 
contrary 
unless 
the 
competent authority of the Issuer 
has given its prior consent to 
such redemption or repurchase. 
(7) 
Hinweis 
auf 
die 
Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnah-
men. Die 
zuständige 
(7) 
Note on the possibility of statutory 
resolution 
measures. Prior 
to 
any 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer,

--- Page 179 ---
177 
Abwicklungsbehörde kann nach den für 
die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen vor einer 
Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
herabschreiben 
(bis 
einschließlich 
auf 
null), 
in 
Geschäftsanteile, Aktien (soweit zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt einschlägig) oder 
andere Eigentumstitel der Emittentin 
umwandeln 
oder 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen treffen, ein-
schließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Übertragung der 
Verbindlichkeiten auf einen anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
einer 
Löschung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
under bank resolution laws applicable 
to the Issuer from time to time, the 
competent resolution authority may 
write down (including to zero) the 
obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, convert them into company 
shares, shares (if existing at the 
relevant point of time) or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer 
or apply any other resolution measure, 
including (but not limited to) any 
transfer of the obligations to another 
entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the 
Notes. 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1) 
Verzinsung, Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) 
Interest Calculation, Interest Payment 
Dates. 
(a) 
Vorbehaltlich des Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8) wird 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ihren 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. 
(a) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), each Note shall bear 
interest on its Current Nominal 
Amount 
from 
and 
including 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") to but excluding the first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
and 
thereafter from and including 
each Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the next following 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Aktueller 
Nennbetrag" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung: 
(i) am 
Begebungstag 
den 
Ursprünglichen Nennbetrag und 
(ii) anschließend ihren ggf. um 
Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) verminderten (soweit 
nicht durch Hochschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(10) 
kompensiert) 
ausstehenden Nennbetrag. 
"Current 
Nominal 
Amount" 
means, with respect to any Note: 
(i) at the issue date, the Original 
Nominal Amount of such Note 
and 
(ii) thereafter, 
the 
then 
outstanding nominal amount of 
such Note as reduced by any 
write-downs pursuant to § 5(9)(b) 
(to the extent not reinstated for by 
write-ups pursuant to § 5(10)). 
(b) 
Zinsen sind vorbehaltlich des 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3(8) 
nachträglich 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
(b) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), 
interest 
shall 
be 
scheduled to be paid in arrear on

--- Page 180 ---
178 
Zahlung vorgesehen. 
each Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
[und] 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] 
eines 
jeden 
Jahres. 
Erster 
Zinszahlungstag ist der [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [im 
Fall 
einer 
kurzen 
ersten 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen: 
(kurze][im Fall einer langen 
ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: 
(lange] erste Zinsperiode). 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
[insert 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Date] [and] [insert 
further 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year. 
The first Interest Payment Date is 
[insert first Interest Payment 
Date] [in the case of a short first 
interest period, insert: (short][in 
the case of a long first interest 
period, insert: (long first interest 
period). 
(c) 
Der zur Zahlung vorgesehene 
Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(4)(a) 
berechnet. 
(c) 
The amount of interest scheduled 
to be paid will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(4)(a). 
(2) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie in § 3(3) 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
(the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined in § 3(3)) 
will, except as otherwise provided 
below, be 
(a) 
für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag (wie in § 5(2) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
ein 
fester Zinssatz in Höhe von 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen] % 
per 
annum, und 
(a) 
for the period from and including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date to but excluding the First 
Reset Date (as defined in § 5(2)) 
a fixed rate of [insert rate of 
interest] per cent. per annum, 
and 
(b) 
für den Zeitraum ab dem Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) und danach für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Reset-Zeitraum") 
der 
betreffende Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich 
der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge 
in Höhe von [ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge einfügen] % per 
annum11, 
(b) 
for the period from and including 
the First Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date 
and thereafter from and including 
each Reset Date to but excluding 
the next Reset Date (each a 
"Reset Period") the applicable 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
below) plus the initial credit 
spread of [insert initial credit 
spread] per cent. per annum12, 
wobei 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
Referenzsatzes ein Benchmarksatz, 
provided that, for purposes of the 
determination of the Reference Rate, a 
 
11 
Dies entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. 
12 
This equals the initial credit spread at the time of pricing.

--- Page 181 ---
179 
der 
nicht 
als 
halbjährlicher 
Satz 
ausgedrückt 
wird, 
zuzüglich 
der 
ursprünglichen Kreditmarge in Höhe 
von 
[ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge 
einfügen] % per annum von einem 
Unabhängigen Berater in wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger 
Weise 
in 
einen 
halbjährlichen Satz umgerechnet wird. 
benchmark rate that is not expressed 
as a semi-annual rate plus the initial 
credit spread of [insert initial credit 
spread] per cent. per annum will be 
converted by an Independent Advisor 
to a semi-annual rate in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
(3) 
Referenzsatz. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) bestimmt für jeden 
Zinsanpassungstag 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(3). 
(3) 
Reference Rate. The Calculation Agent 
(as defined in § 6) will determine the 
relevant Reference Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(3) for each Reset Date on 
the respective Interest Determination 
Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" zu jedem Zins-
anpassungstag 
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset 
Date will be, 
(a) 
entspricht, 
solange 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(f) definiert) eingetreten ist, 
(a) 
as long as no Benchmark Event 
(as defined in § 3(7)(f)) has 
occurred, 
(i) 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag; oder 
(i) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date; or 
(ii) 
dem Referenzbankensatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird; 
(ii) 
the Reference Bank Rate 
on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date if the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such 
time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
wird, 
wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
vorbehaltlich § 3 (7)(i) für jeden 
Reset-Zeitraum, der an oder 
nach 
dem 
Stichtag (wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(g) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
gemäß § 3(7) bestimmt. 
(b) 
if 
a 
Benchmark 
Event 
has 
occurred, 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(7) for each 
Reset Period commencing on or 
after the Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(7)(g)), subject to § 
3 (7) (i). 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"[5][●]-Jahres-Swapsatz-Ange-
botssätze" bezeichnet den Briefkurs 
für 
die 
halbjährliche 
Festzinsseite 
(berechnet auf einer Actual/365 (fixed) 
Tagesberechnungsbasis) einer SGD-
Zinsswap-Transaktion 
fest 
gegen 
variabel (i) mit einer Laufzeit von [5][●] 
Jahre[n], die an dem betreffenden 
Zinsanpassungstag beginnt, (ii) in 
einem Betrag, der für eine einzelne 
"[5][●]-year-Swap Rate Quotations" 
means the offered rate for the semi-
annual fixed leg (calculated on an 
Actual/365 (fixed) day count basis) of a 
fixed-for-floating SGD interest rate 
swap transaction which (i) has a term of 
[5][●] year[s] commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative of a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the

--- Page 182 ---
180 
Transaktion in dem betreffenden Markt 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt, die mit einem 
anerkannten Händler guter Bonität im 
Swap-Markt 
abgeschlossen 
wird, 
repräsentativ 
ist, 
und 
(iii) 
einet 
variablen Zinsseite auf der Grundlage 
des 
6-monatigen 
SGD-Swap-
Angebotssatzes hat (oder für den Fall, 
dass 
der 
6-monatige 
SGD-Swap-
Angebotssatz eingestellt wurde, einen 
anderen Nachfolger-Benchmark-Satz, 
den die Finanzindustrie als Nachfolger 
oder Ersatzsatz akzeptiert haben soll) 
(berechnet 
auf 
Actual/365 
(fixed) 
Tagesberechnungsbasis). 
relevant time with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based 
on 6-month SGD Swap Offer Rate (or 
in the event that the 6-month SGD 
Swap 
Offer 
Rate 
has 
been 
discontinued such other successor 
benchmark 
rate 
as 
the 
financial 
industry shall have accepted as a 
successor 
or 
substitute 
rate) 
(calculated on an Actual/365 (fixed) day 
count basis). 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
Hauptniederlassung 
jeder 
Referenzbank 
bitten, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle ihre [5][●]-Jahres-
Mid-Market-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze 
mitzuteilen. 
The Issuer will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide to the Calculation Agent a 
quotation of its [5][●]-year-Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations. 
"Actual/365 (fixed)" bezeichnet die 
tatsächliche Anzahl der Tage im 
betreffenden Zeitraum, geteilt durch 
365. 
"Actual/365 (fixed)" means the actual 
number of days in the relevant period 
divided by 365. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
fünf 
führende 
Swap-Händler 
im 
Interbankenmarkt. 
"Reference Banks" means five leading 
swap dealers in the interbank market. 
"Referenzbankensatz" 
bezeichnet 
den Prozentsatz, der auf der Grundlage 
der 
[5][●]-Jahres-Swapsatz-
Angebotssätze ermittelt wird, die der 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) 
um ca. 11:00 Uhr (Ortszeit Singapur) 
am 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
von 
den 
Referenzbanken zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden. 
Falls mehr als drei Angebotssätze zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden, ist der Satz 
für 
den 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag das arithmetische 
Mittel dieser Angebotssätze, wobei der 
höchste 
Angebotssatz 
(bzw. 
bei 
mehreren 
gleich 
hohen 
Angebotssätzen einer dieser höchsten 
Sätze) und der niedrigste Angebotssatz 
(bzw. bei mehreren gleich niedrigen 
Angebotssätzen 
einer 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Sätze) 
unberücksichtigt 
bleiben. 
Falls 
drei 
oder 
zwei 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the 
percentage rate determined on the 
basis of the [5][●]-year-Swap Rate 
Quotations provided by the Reference 
Banks to the Calculation Agent at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Singapore 
time) on the Interest Determination 
Date.  
If more than three quotations are 
provided, the rate for that Interest 
Determination 
Date 
will 
be 
the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If three or two quotations are provided, 
the Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is 
provided, the Reference Bank Rate will 
be the quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bank Rate will be equal to the last

--- Page 183 ---
181 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
zur 
Verfügung gestellten Angebotssätze. 
Falls 
nur 
ein 
Angebotssatz 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
wird, 
ist 
der 
Referenzbankensatz der zur Verfügung 
gestellte Angebotssatz. Falls keine 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
der 
letzte 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz, 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite verfügbar war. 
available Original Benchmark Rate, 
expressed as a percentage, on the 
Screen Page. 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
das 
vom 
Eurosystem 
betriebene 
Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes 
Nachfolgesystem 
geöffnet 
ist 
und 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in Frankfurt am Main und Singapur für 
allgemeine Geschäfte geöffnet sind, 
einschließlich 
des 
Handels 
mit 
Devisen- 
und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen, 
und 
das 
Clearing System Zahlungen in SGD 
abwickelt. 
"Business Day" means any day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor 
system 
is 
open 
and 
commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange markets in Frankfurt am Main 
and Singapore are open for general 
business, including dealing in foreign 
exchange 
and 
foreign 
currency 
deposits and the Clearing System 
settles payments in SGD. 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet den Zinssatz für eine fixed-
for-floating SGD-Zinsswap-Transaktion 
mit einer Laufzeit von 5 Jahren, 
ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz, wie auf 
der Bildschirmseite unter der Spalte 
"Ask" ab 11.00 Uhr (Ortszeit Singapur) 
am betreffenden Zinsanpassungstag 
angezeigt. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" means 
the rate for a fixed-for-floating SGD 
interest rate swap transaction with a 
term of 5 years commencing on the 
relevant Reset Date, expressed as a 
percentage, as displayed on the 
Screen Page and under the column 
headed "Ask" as of 11:00 a.m. 
(Singapore time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Bloomberg-Bildschirmseite 
"TPIS" 
unter dem Untertitel "Tullette Prebon – 
Rates – Interest Rate Swaps – Asia 
Pac – SGD" oder einer anderen Seite, 
die 
diese 
auf 
Bloomberg, 
oder 
gegebenenfalls auf einem anderen 
Informationsdienst ersetzen kann, in 
jedem Fall aber, wie diese von der 
Person benannt werden kann, welche 
die dort erscheinenden Informationen 
bereitstellt oder sponsert, um mit dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
vergleichbare Zinssätze anzuzeigen. 
"Screen Page" means Bloomberg 
screen TPIS page under the caption 
"Tullette Prebon – Rates – Interest 
Rate Swaps – Asia Pac – SGD" or such 
other page as may replace it on 
Bloomberg or, as the case may be, on 
such other information service that may 
replace Bloomberg, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the person 
providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates comparable to the 
Original Benchmark Rate. 
"Zinsanpassungstag" bezeichnet den 
Ersten Zinsanpassungstag und jeden 
[fünften] [●] Jahrestag des jeweils 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset 
Date and any [fifth] [●] anniversary of

--- Page 184 ---
182 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Zinsanpassungstages. 
the immediately preceding Reset Date. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den [zweiten][●] Geschäftstag vor dem 
jeweiligen Zinsanpassungstag. 
"Interest Determination Date" means 
the [second][●] Business Day prior to 
the relevant Reset Date. 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
jeweiligen 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
from and including each Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(4) 
Zinsbetrag. 
(4) 
Interest Amount. 
(a) 
Unverzüglich nach Bestimmung 
des Referenzsatzes wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug 
auf den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechenden Zinsperioden bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag berechnen. 
Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, 
indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
auf 
den 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag angewendet werden. 
Der resultierende Betrag wird auf 
die 
kleinste 
Einheit 
der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder 
abgerundet, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
(a) 
The 
Calculation 
Agent 
will, 
without undue delay after the 
determination of the Reference 
Rate, determine the applicable 
Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes 
in respect of the Current Nominal 
Amount (subject to § 3(8)) for the 
relevant Interest Periods until the 
next Reset Date. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (subject 
to § 3(8)) to the Current Nominal 
Amount 
and 
rounding 
the 
resultant figure to the nearest unit 
of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
Im Falle einer Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für die 
gesamte 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode, in welcher diese 
Herabschreibung erfolgt, jeweils 
nur bezogen auf den dann 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag verzinst, 
der 
entsprechend 
reduziert 
wurde, wobei eine etwaige an 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß 
§ 5(10) 
erfolgende 
Hochschreibung 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
unberücksichtigt 
bleibt und sich erst ab der 
In the event of a write-down 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b), each of the 
Notes shall for the full respective 
Interest Period in which such 
write-down occurs only bear 
interest on the then Current 
Nominal Amount which has been 
reduced accordingly; a potential 
write-up 
pursuant 
to 
§ 5(10) 
which may occur on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will not be 
taken into account for such 
Interest Period and will only 
become 
effective 
from 
the 
Interest Period commencing on

--- Page 185 ---
183 
Zinsperiode auswirkt, die an dem 
Hochschreibungstag gemäß § 
5(10)(d) beginnt, zu welchem die 
Hochschreibung erfolgt. 
the Write-Up Date pursuant to § 5 
(10)(d) on which the write-up 
occurs. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrages für einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"), 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an 
Interest Amount for any period of 
time (the "Interest Calculation 
Period"), 
(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode 
entspricht, in die er fällt, 
oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl von 
Tagen in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(y) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is equal to or shorter 
than 
the 
Determination 
Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the 
Interest Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and 
(y) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum länger als 
eine Feststellungsperiode 
ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is longer than one 
Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
berechnungszeitrau
m, die in die Feststel-
lungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
dividiert 
durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperiode
n, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden; 
und 
(A) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
falling 
in 
the 
Determination Period 
in which the Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
begins divided by the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year; 
and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
(B) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period

--- Page 186 ---
184 
berechnungszeitrau
m, 
die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Fest-
stellungsperiode 
fallen, dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (x) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperiode
n, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden. 
falling in the next 
Determination Period 
divided 
by 
the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Periode 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), 
der 
in 
ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means 
each period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to 
but 
excluding 
the 
next 
Determination Date. 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet jeden [festgelegten 
Feststellungstermin einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
weiteren 
festgelegten 
Feststellungsterminen 
einfügen: 
und 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Feststellungstermine 
einfügen]]. 
"Determination Date" means 
each 
[insert 
specified 
Determination Date] [in the 
case 
of 
further 
specified 
Determination Dates, insert: 
and [insert further specified 
Determination Dates]]. 
(b) 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinsbetrag für 
die 
Zinsperioden bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
der 
(i) 
Emittentin, der Zahlstelle und den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
Geschäftstag und (ii) jeder Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später 
als 
zu 
Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
für 
die 
der 
betreffende Zinssatz und der 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount for the Interest 
Periods up to the next Reset Date 
to be notified (i) to the Issuer, to 
the Paying Agent and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no 
event 
later 
than 
the 
fourth 
Business Day thereafter and (ii), 
if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time to time 
at the request of the Issuer, to 
such stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than the first 
day of the Interest Period in 
relation to which the relevant 
Rate of Interest and the relevant

--- Page 187 ---
185 
betreffende 
Zinsbetrag 
gilt, 
mitgeteilt werden. 
Interest Amount applies. 
(c) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Höhe der 
Zinszahlung wird nicht aufgrund 
der Bonität der Emittentin oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens angepasst. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
amount of the interest payment is 
not adjusted on the basis of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates. 
(5) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Zahlstelle und die Anleihegläubiger 
bindend. 
(5) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(6) 
Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
endet 
mit 
Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum 
Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Zinssatzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen zu verzinsen.12 
(6) 
Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the 
beginning of the day on which they 
become due for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to make the relevant 
redemption payment under the Notes 
when due, each of the Notes will bear 
interest on its Current Nominal Amount 
from and including the due date to but 
excluding the day of actual redemption 
of the Notes at the statutory default rate 
of interest.13 
(7) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein Bench-
mark-Ereignis 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz (oder 
eine Teilkomponente davon) eintritt, gilt 
für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes und den Reset des 
Zinssatzes 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
Folgendes: 
(7) 
Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the Original 
Benchmark Rate (or any component 
part thereof), the relevant Reference 
Rate and the reset of the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with this § 3(7) 
will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach 
Eintritt 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
und 
vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich 
ist, 
einen 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as this 
is (in the Issuer’s view) required 
following the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, 
endeavour 
to 
appoint 
an 
Independent Adviser who will 
 
12 
Der gesetzliche Zinssatz für Verzugszinsen liegt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB). 
13 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB)).

--- Page 188 ---
186 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
zu 
benennen, 
der 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
determine a New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments. 
(b) 
Wenn 
vor 
[dem 
zehnten 
Geschäftstag 
vor] 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(b) 
If prior to the [tenth Business Day 
prior to the] relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
(i) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernennt; oder 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to appoint 
an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festlegt, 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined 
a 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für 
den 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
then 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the immediately 
following Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
determined on the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(b) bereits im 
Hinblick 
auf 
den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag angewendet 
werden muss, entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" für den ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If this § 3(7)(b) is to be applied in 
respect of the First Reset Date, 
the "Reference Rate" applicable 
to the first Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Reset Screen Page on the 
last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(7)(b) 
bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(7) 
erneut angewendet, um den 
Referenzsatz für den nächsten 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
(und, sofern notwendig, weitere 
nachfolgende Reset-Zeiträume) 
zu bestimmen. 
If the fallback rate determined in 
accordance with this § 3(7)(b) is 
to be applied, § 3(7) will be 
operated again to determine the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next subsequent Reset Period 
(and, 
if 
required, 
further 
subsequent Reset Periods). 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls 
der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. If 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that:

--- Page 189 ---
187 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
the New Benchmark Rate; 
or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmarksatz, 
(ii) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate, 
und 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für den unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
und 
alle 
folgenden 
Reset-
Zeiträume vorbehaltlich § 3(7)(i) 
dem Neuen Benchmarksatz an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
der Anpassungsmarge. 
and then the Reference Rate for 
the immediately following Reset 
Period and all following Reset 
Periods, subject to § 3(7)(i), will 
be the New Benchmark Rate on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date plus the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn 
ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsmarge 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festgelegt werden, 
und 
wenn 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen hinsichtlich dieser 
Anleihebedingungen notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsmarge 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-
Änderungen"), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen und die Emittentin wird 
diese 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 3(7)(e) 
bekanntmachen. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), and if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then the Independent Adviser will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments and the Issuer will 
give notice thereof in accordance 
with § 3(7)(e). 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments 
may comprise, in particular, the 
following conditions of these 
Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
(A) 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
including 
the 
"Screen

--- Page 190 ---
188 
"Bildschirmseite" und/oder 
die 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
fallback) 
für 
den 
Referenzsatz einschließlich 
des 
Referenzbankensatzes; 
und/oder 
Page" and/or the method 
for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the 
Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; 
and/or 
(B) 
die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Reset-Zeitraum", 
"Zahlungsgeschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsanpassungstag", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsperiode" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend vor oder 
zu Beginn der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
oder 
zurückblickend vor oder 
zum 
Ablauf 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
"Business 
Day", 
"Reset 
Period", 
"Payment 
Business Day", "Interest 
Payment 
Date", 
"Reset 
Date", 
"Interest 
Determination Date", "Day 
Count 
Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest Period" (including 
the determination whether 
the Reference Rate will be 
determined in advance on 
or prior to the relevant 
Interest Period or in arrear 
on or prior to the end of the 
relevant Interest Period); 
and/or 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß § 4(5). 
(C) 
the 
business 
day 
convention in § 4(5). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin 
hat einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
der 
Zahlstelle 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle sowie gemäß 
§ 11 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
mitzuteilen, und zwar sobald eine 
solche Mitteilung (nach billigem 
Ermessen der Emittentin) nach 
deren Feststellung praktikabel 
ist[, spätestens jedoch an dem 
zehnten Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfest-
setzungstag]. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify 
any New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
determined under this § 3(7) to 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
und 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and, 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 11, 
the 
Noteholders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer’s 
reasonable 
discretion) 
practicable 
following 
the 
determination thereof[, but in any 
event no later than on the tenth 
Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date]. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the Effective 
Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, 
die 
The New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any),

--- Page 191 ---
189 
jeweils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle, 
eventuelle 
weitere 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab 
dem Stichtag als durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
die 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
each as specified in such notice, 
will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent, any additional paying 
agents and the Noteholders. The 
Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended 
by the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any, 
with effect from the Effective 
Date. 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
diesem § 3(7): 
(f) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(7): 
Die "Anpassungsmarge", die 
positiv, negativ oder gleich Null 
sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet 
entweder (a) die Spanne oder 
(b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, 
The 
"Adjustment 
Spread", 
which may be positive, negative 
or zero, will be expressed in basis 
points and means either (a) the 
spread or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the 
spread, 
(A) 
die im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
formell 
im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(A) 
which in the case of a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally 
recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(B) 
die 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, hilfsweise, an den 
internationalen 
Swapmärkten) 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
(oder eine Teilkomponente 
davon) 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
(B) 
which 
(if 
no 
such 
recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied 
to the New Benchmark 
Rate (or any component 
part 
thereof) 
in 
the 
international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, 
the 
international 
swap 
markets) to produce an 
industry-accepted 
replacement 
benchmark 
rate 
for 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will 
be 
made 
by 
the 
Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion.

--- Page 192 ---
190 
nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
(C) 
sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass 
keine 
solche 
Spanne 
üblicherweise angewendet 
wird, 
und 
dass 
das 
Folgende 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist 
als 
industrieweiter Standard für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die 
sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, 
anerkannt und bestätigt ist, 
wenn der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden]. 
(C) 
if the Independent Adviser 
in its reasonable discretion 
determines that no such 
spread 
is 
customarily 
applied 
and 
that 
the 
following 
would 
be 
appropriate for the Notes is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-
the-counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, where 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by 
the New Benchmark Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations 
will 
be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion]. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, 
hilfsweise, an den internationalen 
Swapmärkten) zur Bestimmung 
von Zinssätzen bzw. Mid-Swap-
Sätzen 
in 
Singapur 
Dollar 
angewendet 
wird, 
wobei 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
vorgenommen werden. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark 
or an alternative screen rate 
which is customarily applied in 
the international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, the 
international swap markets) for 
the purpose of determining rates 
of interest or mid swap rates, 
respectively in Singapore dollars, 
provided that all determinations 
will be made by the Independent 
Adviser. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt 
ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
die Emittentin oder die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwenden darf, oder 
(A) 
it becomes unlawful for the 
Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate, or 
(B) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
(B) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
ceases to calculate and

--- Page 193 ---
191 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt 
oder der Administrator oder 
die 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
eine 
Erklärung 
veröffentlicht, 
dass der Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, 
oder 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time or 
the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
publishes 
a 
statement which states that 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
will cease to calculate and 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time, or 
(C) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eine 
Erklärung oder Information 
veröffentlicht, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche Änderung der 
Methode zur Berechnung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingetreten 
ist 
oder 
innerhalb eines bestimmten 
Zeitraums eintreten wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass (falls 
zutreffend) dieser Zeitraum 
verstrichen ist, oder 
(C) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
publishes a statement or 
information that a material 
change in the methodology 
of calculating the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
has 
occurred or will occur within 
a specified period, provided 
that 
(where 
applicable) 
such period of time has 
lapsed, or 
(D) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder 
ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- 
oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator 
betreffend) 
durch den Administrator 
oder durch die Aufsichts- 
oder Regulierungsbehörde 
eingeleitet wurde, oder 
(D) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
becomes insolvent or an 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, 
restructuring 
or 
similar 
proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) 
is 
commenced 
by 
the 
administrator 
or 
its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority, or€ 
(E) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
(E) 
a public statement by the 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made

--- Page 194 ---
192 
Benchmarksatzes 
abgegeben wird, in der 
angekündigt wird, dass der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
die 
zugrundeliegende 
Markt- 
und Wirtschaftsrealität ist, 
die 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
messen 
soll, oder dies ab einem 
bestimmten 
künftigen 
Zeitpunkt nicht mehr sein 
wird, oder 
announcing 
that 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no 
longer be, capable of being 
representative, or is non-
representative, 
of 
the 
underlying 
market 
and 
economic reality which the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
intended to measure, or 
(F) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
anderweitig eingestellt ist 
oder auf andere Weise 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung 
gestellt wird. 
(F) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate is otherwise being 
discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell 
durch das Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" 
means 
a 
successor 
to 
or 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means 
the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined in accordance with 
this § 3(7). 
"Nominierungsgremium" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente davon): 
"Relevant Nominating Body" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
(or 
any 
component part thereof): 
(A) 
die Zentralbank für die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist; oder 
(A) 
the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(B) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder 
jeden Ausschuss gefördert 
durch, 
geführt 
oder 
(B) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or

--- Page 195 ---
193 
mitgeführt 
von 
oder 
gebildet 
von 
(a) 
der 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird, (b) einer Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist, (c) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) 
oder Teilen davon. 
constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (c) a group 
of 
the 
aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut mit internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution of international repute 
or other independent financial 
adviser 
experienced 
in 
the 
international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the 
Issuer. 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, 
der Anpassungsmarge und der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt 
oder diesem nachfolgt: 
(g) 
The 
effective 
date 
for 
the 
application 
of 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined 
under this § 3(7) (the "Effective 
Date") 
will 
be 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date falling on or 
after the earliest of the following 
dates: 
(A) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (D) oder (F) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (D) or (F) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or 
(B) 
den Tag, ab dem die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente 
davon) eingestellt wird oder 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (B), (C) or (E) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date 
from 
which 
the

--- Page 196 ---
194 
ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz (oder eine 
Teilkomponente 
davon) 
eingestellt wird oder nicht 
länger 
als 
repräsentativ 
angesehen wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze (B), 
(C) oder (E) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
(or any component part 
thereof) 
ceases 
to 
be 
published, is discontinued 
or 
ceases 
to 
be 
representative, as the case 
may be; or 
(C) 
den Tag, ab dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwendet 
werden 
darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (A)der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (A) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which 
the prohibition applies. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser 
§ 3(7) 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3(7) 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz 
als Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, this § 3(7) shall apply 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3(7) to the term 
Original Benchmark Rate shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the 
New Benchmark Rate that last 
applied. 
(i) 
Eine 
Anpassung 
des 
Referenzsatzes gemäß diesem 
§ 3(7) darf nicht durchgeführt 
werden, wenn und soweit diese 
Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass die Emittentin berechtigt 
wäre, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen 
gemäß § 5(3) zurückzuzahlen. 
(i) 
No adjustment to the Reference 
Rate will be made in accordance 
with this § 3(7) if and to the extent 
that 
as 
a 
result 
of 
such 
adjustment the Issuer would be 
entitled to redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons in accordance 
with § 5(3). 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) an einem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nach Beginn 
des 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraums 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
nächsten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on 
an Interest Determination Date 
falling after the commencement 
of the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original

--- Page 197 ---
195 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
Benchmark Rate determined on 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) bereits an 
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag für den 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
ersten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
Ursprünglichen Benchmark-Satz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on 
the Interest Determination Date 
for the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
first and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Reset 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
(8) 
Ausschluss der Zinszahlung. 
(8) 
Cancellation of Interest Payment. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat das Recht, 
jederzeit die Zinszahlung nach 
freiem 
Ermessen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise entfallen zu lassen. Sie 
teilt 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
spätestens 
am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 mit, 
wenn sie von diesem Recht 
Gebrauch 
macht. 
Ein 
Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit der Entscheidung 
über 
das 
Entfallen 
der 
Zinszahlungen, führt in keinem 
Fall 
zu 
einer 
Pflicht 
der 
Emittentin, 
eine 
entfallene 
Zinszahlung zu einem späteren 
Zeitpunkt nachzuholen, und stellt 
in 
keinem 
Fall 
eine 
Pflichtverletzung dar. Eine bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
(a) 
The Issuer has the right, in its 
sole discretion and at any time, to 
cancel all or part of any payment 
of interest. If the Issuer exercises 
such right, it shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 11 without undue delay but 
no later than on the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
Any 
failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the 
decision on the cancellation, shall 
in no event result in an obligation 
of the Issuer to make a cancelled 
interest payment at a later date 
and shall not constitute a default 
for any purpose. A notice which 
has not been given until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue 
delay thereafter. 
(b) 
Eine 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ist für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
ausgeschlossen 
und 
entfällt 
(ohne Einschränkung des Rechts 
der Emittentin nach § 3(8)(a)): 
(b) 
Payment of interest on the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be excluded and cancelled 
(without prejudice to the right of 
the Issuer pursuant to § 3(8)(a)): 
(i) 
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Zinszahlung zusammen mit 
(i) 
to the extent that such 
payment 
of 
interest

--- Page 198 ---
196 
together with 
(A) 
dem 
Betrag 
einer 
etwaigen 
Hochschreibung 
nach § 5(10), die zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
soll, 
(A) 
the amount of a write-
up, 
if 
any, 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 5(10) to be effected 
as of the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
(B) 
den an demselben 
Tag geplanten oder 
erfolgenden und den 
in 
dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
bereits 
erfolgten 
weiteren 
Ausschüttungen (wie 
in § 3(9) definiert) auf 
andere 
Kernkapitalinstrumen
te 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) und 
(B) 
any 
additional 
Distributions 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)) that 
are scheduled to be 
made or have been 
made on the same 
day or that have been 
made by the Issuer 
on 
other 
Tier 
1 
Instruments 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)) in 
the 
then 
current 
financial year of the 
Issuer and 
(C) 
dem 
Gesamtbetrag 
etwaiger 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
andere 
AT1 Instrumente, die 
zu dem betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
sollen oder in dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
durchgeführt wurden 
(C) 
the total amount of 
write-ups, if any, on 
any 
other 
AT1 Instruments 
to 
be effected as of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
or 
have been effected in 
the 
then 
current 
financial year of the 
Issuer 
die Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) 
übersteigen 
würde, 
wobei 
die 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten für diesen Zweck 
um einen Betrag erhöht 
werden, der bereits als 
Aufwand 
für 
Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(zur 
Klarstellung: 
einschließlich 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen) in 
die 
Ermittlung 
des 
Gewinns, 
der 
den 
would exceed the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)), provided 
that, for such purpose, the 
Available 
Distributable 
Items shall be increased by 
an amount equal to what 
has been accounted for as 
expenses for Distributions 
in 
respect 
of 
Tier 
1 
Instruments 
(for 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
including 
payments 
of 
interest on the Notes) in the 
determination of the profit 
on which the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
are

--- Page 199 ---
197 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
zugrunde 
liegt, 
eingegangen ist; oder 
based; or 
(ii) 
wenn 
und 
soweit 
eine 
zuständige 
Behörde 
anordnet, 
dass 
diese 
Zinszahlung 
insgesamt 
oder teilweise entfällt; oder  
(ii) 
if and to the extent that a 
competent authority orders 
that all or part of the 
relevant 
payment 
of 
interest be cancelled; or  
(iii)    ein anderes gesetzliches 
oder 
behördliches 
Ausschüttungsverbot oder 
irgendeine 
andere 
Beschränkung 
von 
Ausschüttungen unter den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
besteht 
(einschließlich, jedoch nicht 
ausschließlich, 
der 
Berechnung 
und 
der 
Einhaltung des Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrags); oder 
(iii) 
another 
prohibition 
of 
Distributions is imposed by 
law or an authority or any 
other restriction to make 
Distributions exists under 
the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations (including, but 
not 
limited 
to, 
the 
calculation of, and the 
compliance 
with, 
the 
Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount); or 
(iv) 
wenn die Emittentin am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 
InsO 
oder 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne 
von § 17 InsO ist, soweit 
diese Zinszahlung zu einer 
Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führen würde 
oder 
eine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 
18 InsO vorliegt. 
(iv) 
if 
the 
Issuer 
is 
over-
indebted 
within 
the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or 
illiquid within the meaning 
of § 17 InsO on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, to 
the extent that the relevant 
payment of interest would 
result 
in 
an 
over-
indebtedness or illiquidity of 
the Issuer or an imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the 
Issuer within the meaning 
of § 18 InsO exists. 
Die 
Emittentin 
teilt 
den 
Anleihegläubigern spätestens am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß § 11 mit, wenn und in 
welcher Höhe eine Zinszahlung 
nach § 3(8)(b) ausgeschlossen 
ist und entfällt. Ein Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit des Ausfalls der 
Zinszahlungen 
und 
stellt 
in 
keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. Eine bis zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
nicht erfolgte Benachrichtigung 
The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11 no later than on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date if, and to 
the extent, a payment of interest 
is 
excluded 
and 
cancelled 
pursuant to § 3(8)(b). Any failure 
to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the cancellation and 
shall not constitute a default of 
the Issuer for any purpose. A 
notice which has not been given 
until 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date shall be given

--- Page 200 ---
198 
ist unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
without undue delay thereafter. 
(c) 
Aufgelaufene aber nicht gezahlte 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bis 
(einschließlich) 
einem 
Auslöseereignis (wie in § 5(9)(a) 
definiert) (unabhängig davon, ob 
solche Zinsen fällig geworden 
sind) entfallen automatisch. Zur 
Klarstellung, aufgelaufene aber 
nicht gezahlte Zinsen ab dem 
Auslöseereignis 
bis 
zur 
Herabschreibung 
entfallen 
ebenfalls 
automatisch, 
selbst 
wenn 
keine 
entsprechende 
Mitteilung gemacht wurde. 
(c) 
Any accrued but unpaid interest 
on the Notes up to (and including) 
a Trigger Event (as defined in 
§ 5(9)(a)) (whether or not such 
interest has become due for 
payment) will be automatically 
cancelled. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any accrued but unpaid 
interest from the Trigger Event up 
to the write-down date will also be 
automatically cancelled even if no 
notice has been given to that 
effect. 
(d) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Mittel 
aus 
entfallenen 
Zinszahlungen uneingeschränkt 
zur 
Erfüllung 
ihrer 
eigenen 
Verpflichtungen 
zu 
nutzen. 
Soweit Zinszahlungen entfallen, 
schließt dies sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
ein. Entfallene Zinszahlungen 
werden nicht nachgezahlt. 
(d) 
The Issuer is entitled to use the 
funds from cancelled payments of 
interest without restrictions for the 
fulfilment of its own obligations. 
To the extent that payments of 
interest 
are 
cancelled, 
such 
cancellation 
includes 
all 
Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 7(1)) payable pursuant to § 7. 
Any payments of interest which 
have been cancelled will not be 
made at any later date. 
(e) 
Das Entfallen einer Zinszahlung 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
(e) 
The cancellation of any interest 
payment shall not entitle the 
Noteholders to terminate the 
Notes and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer for any 
purpose. 
(9) 
Bestimmte Definitionen. 
(9) 
Certain Definitions. 
"Anwendbare 
Aufsichtsrechtliche 
Vorschriften" bezeichnet die jeweils 
gültigen, 
sich 
auf 
die 
Kapitalanforderungen, die Solvabilität, 
andere 
Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder Abwicklung der Emittentin 
und/oder der jeweiligen Institutsgruppe, 
zu 
der 
die 
Emittentin 
gehört, 
beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankaufsichtsrechts und der darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, der jeweils geltenden 
Leitlinien 
und 
Empfehlungen 
der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, der Verwaltungspraxis 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" means the provisions of 
bank 
supervisory 
laws 
and 
any 
regulations and other rules thereunder 
applicable from time to time (including, 
but not limited to, the guidelines and 
recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority and/or the European 
Central 
Bank, 
the 
administrative 
practice of any competent authority, 
any applicable decision of a court and 
any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, 
other prudential requirements and/or 
resolution and applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the banking group to which the 
Issuer belongs from time to time.

--- Page 201 ---
199 
einer 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
den 
einschlägigen 
Entscheidungen 
der 
Gerichte 
und 
den 
anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
"Ausschüttung" bezeichnet jede Art 
der Auszahlung von Dividenden oder 
Zinsen. 
"Distribution" means any kind of 
payment of dividends or interest. 
"Ausschüttungsfähige 
Posten" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinszahlung die ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
wie 
jeweils 
in 
den 
im 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften, zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 128 CRR definiert; zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet 
dieser Begriff den Gewinn am Ende des 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftsjahres der Emittentin, für das 
ein testierter Jahresabschluss vorliegt, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Gewinne 
und 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
verfügbare 
Rücklagen, 
vor 
der 
Ausschüttung an die Eigner von 
Eigenmittelinstrumenten, 
jedoch 
abzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Verluste und gemäß anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften der Europäischen 
Union oder Deutschlands oder der 
Satzung 
der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähiger Gewinne und in 
die 
gemäß 
anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften Deutschlands oder 
der Satzung der Emittentin nicht 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Rücklagen 
eingestellter Beträge, jeweils in Bezug 
auf 
die 
spezifische 
Eigenmittelkategorie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente, 
auf 
die 
sich 
die 
anwendbaren Rechtsvorschriften der 
Europäischen 
Union 
oder 
Deutschlands oder die Satzung der 
Emittentin 
beziehen, 
wobei 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen Posten und die 
betreffenden Gewinne, Verluste und 
Rücklagen 
ausgehend 
von 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der Emittentin (und nicht auf der Basis 
eines etwaigen Konzernabschlusses) 
"Available 
Distributable 
Items" 
means, with respect to any payment of 
interest, the distributable items as 
defined in the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations from time to time, at the 
time of issuance of the Notes in 
Article 4(1) no. 128 CRR; at the time of 
the issuance of the Notes, such term 
refers to the profit as of the end of the 
financial year of the Issuer immediately 
preceding 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date, for which audited 
annual 
financial 
statements 
are 
available, plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that 
purpose, before distributions to holders 
of own funds instruments, less any 
losses brought forward and any profits 
which are non-distributable pursuant to 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
association of the Issuer and any sums 
placed in non-distributable reserves in 
accordance with the applicable laws of 
Germany or the articles of association 
of the Issuer, in each case with respect 
to the specific category of own funds of 
the Notes as AT1 Instruments to which 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
associations of the Issuer relate, 
provided that the distributable items 
and the relevant profits, losses and 
reserves shall be determined on the 
basis of the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with German commercial 
law (and not on the basis of its 
consolidated financial statements, if 
any).

--- Page 202 ---
200 
festgestellt werden. 
"CRD" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Richtlinie 
2013/36/EU 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013 über den Zugang zur 
Tätigkeit von Kreditinstituten und die 
Beaufsichtigung von Kreditinstituten 
und Wertpapierfirmen, zur Änderung 
der Richtlinie 2002/87/EG und zur 
Aufhebung der Richtlinien 2006/48/EG 
und 2006/49/EG, in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRD geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential 
supervision 
of 
credit 
institutions 
and 
investment 
firms, 
amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the CRD are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the CRD as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"Kernkapitalinstrumente" bezeichnet 
Kapitalinstrumente, die im Sinne der 
CRR zu den Instrumenten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
oder 
zu 
den 
AT1 
Instrumenten zählen. 
"Tier 1 Instruments" means capital 
instruments which, according to the 
CRR, qualify as common equity tier 1 
capital or AT1 Instruments. 
"Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähiger 
Betrag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
(in 
gegenwärtiger 
Umsetzung 
von 
Artikel 141(2) CRD in deutsches Recht) 
nach § 10 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Nr. 5 e) KWG 
i.V.m. § 37 SolvV ermittelten maximal 
ausschüttungsfähigen Betrag für die 
kombinierte 
Kapitalpufferanforderung 
nach § 10i KWG. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" 
means the maximum distributable 
amount determined in accordance with 
§ 10(1) sentence 1 no. 5 (e) KWG in 
connection with § 37 SolvV for the 
combined capital buffer requirement in 
accordance with § 10i KWG (currently 
transposing Article 141(2) CRD into 
German law). 
"SolvV" bezeichnet die Verordnung zur 
angemessenen Eigenmittelausstattung 
von 
Instituten, 
Institutsgruppen, 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
und 
gemischten 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der 
SolvV geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht 
sich 
der 
Verweis 
auf 
Bestimmungen der SolvV in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"SolvV" means the regulation on the 
capital adequacy of institutions, groups 
of institutions, financial holding groups 
and mixed financial holding groups 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
SolvV are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the SolvV as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1) 
Allgemeines. 
(1) 
General. 
(a) 
Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of the Notes

--- Page 203 ---
201 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
shall be made in accordance with 
§ 4(2) to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States. 
(b) 
Zahlungen 
von 
Zinsen. Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of 
interest on Notes shall be made 
in accordance with § 4(2) to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich 
geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
erfolgen zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung. 
(2) 
Manner 
of 
Payment. Subject 
to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des 
§ 4(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten 
und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) 
United States. For the purposes of § 4 
(1), "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Discharge. The 
Issuer 
shall 
be 
discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag. Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung von 
Kapital oder Zinsen in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahlungsgeschäftstag ist, 
dann 
haben 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahlungsgeschäftstag und 
sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verschiebung zu verlangen. 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any principal or interest in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Noteholders 
shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next Payment Business Day and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für 
diese 
Zwecke 
bezeichnet 
"Zahlungsgeschäftstag" jeden Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
For 
these 
purposes 
"Payment 
Business Day" means any day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which the

--- Page 204 ---
202 
an dem das Clearing System operativ 
ist und der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
Clearing System is operative and which 
is a Business Day. 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) ein. 
(6) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, the following amounts: 
the Current Nominal Amount of the 
Notes and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7 (as 
defined in § 7(1)). 
(7) 
Hinterlegung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht Stuttgart Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Anleihegläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von 
zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, auch wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
jeweiligen 
Ansprüche 
der 
Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(7) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The 
Issuer may deposit with the local court 
in Stuttgart amounts of interest or 
principal 
not 
claimed 
by 
the 
Noteholders within twelve months after 
the due date, even though such 
Noteholders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that such deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Noteholders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
Rückzahlung; Herabschreibungen; 
Hochschreibungen 
§ 5 
Redemption; Write-downs; Write-ups 
(1) 
Keine 
Endfälligkeit. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen haben keinen 
Endfälligkeitstag. 
(1) 
No Scheduled Maturity. The Notes 
have no scheduled maturity date. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
(außer im Falle einer Kündigung 
gemäß § 5(2)-(5)) nur im Fall der 
Liquidation der Emittentin vorbehaltlich 
§ 2 zur sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig. 
Other than in the event of a redemption 
in accordance with § 5(2)-(5) the Notes 
shall become immediately due and 
payable only in the event of the 
liquidation of the Issuer, subject to § 2. 
(2) 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
zu jedem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(2) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. The Issuer may, subject to the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, with effect as of any Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below).

--- Page 205 ---
203 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen und 
zurückzuzahlen. 
"Optionaler 
Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet:  
"Optional Redemption Date" means:  
[(i) 
jeden 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
während des Zeitraums ab dem [●]13 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
[und]] 
[(i) each Payment Business Day during 
the period from and including [●]14 up to 
and excluding the First Reset Date 
[and]] 
[(i)][(ii)] [den Ersten Zinsanpassungstag 
[und]]; 
[(i)][(ii)] [the First Reset Date [and]]; 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
jeden auf den Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
folgenden 
[Zinsanpassungstag] 
[Zinszahlungstag]. 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
each 
[Reset 
Date] 
[Interest Payment Date] after the First 
Reset Date. 
"Erster 
Zinsanpassungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag einfügen]. 
"First Reset Date" means [insert First 
Reset Date]. 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(2) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an dem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
Optionalen Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(vorbehaltlich eines Ausschlusses der 
Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(2), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date on the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
(3) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert, was 
(3) 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons. The Issuer may, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if there is a change 
in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes that 
 
13 
[●] Monate vor dem Ersten Zinsanpassungstag, jedenfalls nicht früher als vor Ablauf von 5 Jahren ab 
 
Valuta. 
14 
[●] months prior to the First Reset Date, and in no event earlier than 5 years from the date of issue.

--- Page 206 ---
204 
(a) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
zu 
bestimmen) 
auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde; oder 
(a) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
solo basis) would, on a solo basis 
of the Issuer, be likely to result in 
(i) their exclusion in full or in part 
from the Issuer’s own funds 
under 
the 
CRR 
or 
(ii) 
a 
reclassification as a lower quality 
form of the Issuer’s own funds 
than their classification as of the 
issue date; or 
(b) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
konsolidierter der Emittentin zu 
bestimmen) auf konsolidierter 
Ebene 
der 
Emittentin 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde, 
(b) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
consolidated basis) would, on a 
consolidated basis of the Issuer, 
be likely to result in (i) their 
exclusion in full or in part from the 
Issuer’s own funds under the 
CRR or (ii) a reclassification as a 
lower quality form of the Issuer’s 
own funds than their classification 
as of the issue date, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(a) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn (i) sie es für 
ausreichend sicher hält, dass eine 
Änderung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Einstufung 
stattfindet 
und 
(ii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen 
hat, 
dass 
die 
aufsichtsrechtliche Neueinstufung am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen 
war. 
provided that in respect of a redemption 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the Notes the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant 
to which the competent authority may 
approve such redemption only if (i) it 
considers the change in the regulatory 
classification to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrated to its 
satisfaction 
that 
the 
regulatory 
reclassification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der vollständige oder 
teilweise 
Ausschluss 
von 
den 
Eigenmitteln 
infolge 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
begründet kein Kündigungsrecht nach 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
exclusion in full or in part from the own 
funds due to a write-down pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b) does not constitute a right to 
redeem under § 5(3).

--- Page 207 ---
205 
§ 5(3). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(3) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag erfüllt sind, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (der 
ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein muss) 
zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(3), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption on the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(4) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Folge einer 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
eingetretenen 
Rechts- 
oder 
Rechtsprechungsänderung, 
einschließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Änderung von 
steuerrechtlichen 
Gesetzen, 
Regelungen oder Verfahrensweisen, 
ändert (d.h. im Hinblick auf die 
steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit der unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Zinsen 
oder 
die 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) 
definiert)) und, bei einer Rückzahlung 
vor dem fünften Jahrestag des Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(b) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn sich die geltende 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert und die 
(4) 
Redemption 
for 
Reasons 
of 
Taxation. The Issuer may, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if the tax treatment 
of the Notes, due to a change in 
applicable 
legislation 
or 
relevant 
jurisprudence, including (but not limited 
to) a change in any fiscal legislation, 
rules or practices, which takes effect 
after the Interest Commencement 
Date, changes (i.e. the tax deductibility 
of interest payable on the Notes or the 
obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1))) and, in respect of 
a 
redemption 
prior 
to 
the 
fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the 
Notes, the conditions in Article 78(4)(b) 
CRR are met, pursuant to which the 
competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if there is a change in 
the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes which the Issuer demonstrated 
to its satisfaction is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date.

--- Page 208 ---
206 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hat, dass die Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
wesentlich ist und am Begebungstag 
nicht vorherzusehen war. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, die zu einem 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern auf 
die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge führt, die jedoch zu 
keiner Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) führt, begründet 
kein Kündigungsrecht gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4). 
Any change in the tax treatment of the 
Notes resulting in a withholding or 
deduction of taxes on amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes which, however, 
do not create an obligation of the Issuer 
to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7(1)), will not constitute a right to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to this 
§ 5(4). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(der 
ein 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(4), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption on the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(5) 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin [75][●]% oder mehr des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft 
und 
jeweils 
entwertet hat, kann die Emittentin, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●], 
nachdem sie gemäß diesem § 5(5) die 
Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und wenn die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkauf-
bedingungen gemäß § 5(6) an dem für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(der ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
die 
übrigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
aber nicht teilweise an dem für die 
(5) 
Redemption for Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount. In case 
[75][●] per cent. or more of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased 
by the Issuer, and in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, upon [not 
less than 10 and not more than 30 
Business Days’] [●] prior notice, subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, 
exercise 
its 
call 
right 
in 
accordance with this § 5(5) and redeem 
the remaining Notes, in whole but not in 
part, on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day) at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a

--- Page 209 ---
207 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert), zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach § 
3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption. 
(6) 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen. Eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 5 und 
ein Rückkauf nach § 10(2) unterliegt 
den 
folgenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen"): 
(6) 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase. Any redemption pursuant 
to this § 5 and any repurchase pursuant 
to § 10(2) is subject to the following 
conditions 
(the 
"Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase"): 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat von der für die 
Emittentin 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde die vorherige 
Zustimmung nach Art. 77, 78 
CRR 
(oder 
einer 
Nachfolgebestimmung) für die 
Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf 
erhalten. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
setzt 
eine Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 
77, 78 CRR voraus, dass eine der 
folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt ist: 
(a) 
The Issuer has obtained the prior 
consent 
of 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority for the 
redemption or any repurchase in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
(or 
any 
successor 
provision). At the time of the 
issuance 
of 
the 
Notes, 
permission pursuant to Articles 
77, 78 CRR requires that either of 
the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor 
oder gleichzeitig mit der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest gleicher Qualität 
zu Bedingungen, die im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind; 
oder 
(i) 
before or at the same time 
as the redemption or the 
repurchase, 
the 
Issuer 
replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
die 
Emittentin 
hat 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
hinreichend nachgewiesen, 
dass ihre Eigenmittel und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten nach der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
die 
Anforderungen nach den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
um 
eine 
Spanne übersteigen, die 
(ii) 
the 
Issuer 
has 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
competent authority that 
the own funds and eligible 
liabilities 
of 
the 
Issuer 
would, 
following 
such 
redemption or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements 
laid down in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations by 
a 
margin 
that 
the 
competent 
authority

--- Page 210 ---
208 
die zuständige Behörde für 
erforderlich hält; 
considers necessary; 
wobei die zuständige Behörde 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
eine 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einen 
Rückkauf 
eine 
allgemeine 
vorherige Zustimmung für einen 
bestimmten Zeitraum, der auf ein 
Jahr begrenzt ist und danach 
verlängert werden kann, und 
einen vorab von der zuständigen 
Behörde 
festgelegten 
Betrag 
erteilen 
kann, 
die 
Kriterien 
unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass 
jede 
derartige 
künftige 
Rückzahlung bzw. jeder derartige 
künftige Rückkauf im Einklang 
mit den oben unter (i) und (ii) 
festgelegten 
Bedingungen 
vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende 
Vorkehrungen hinsichtlich ihrer 
Fähigkeit trifft, mit Eigenmitteln, 
die 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen 
Beträge 
übersteigen, tätig zu sein. 
provided that the competent 
authority may grant the Issuer a 
general prior permission to make 
a redemption or a repurchase for 
a specified period, which shall not 
exceed one year, after which it 
may be renewed, and for a 
certain predetermined amount as 
set by the competent authority, 
subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such future redemption or 
repurchase will be in accordance 
with the conditions set out in 
points (i) and (ii) above, if the 
Issuer 
provides 
sufficient 
safeguards as to its capacity to 
operate with own funds above the 
amounts 
required 
in 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. 
(b) 
Zusätzlich zu (a) gilt bei einer 
Rückzahlung 
bzw. 
einem 
Rückkauf 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen: (i) im 
Falle 
einer 
Kündigung 
aus 
regulatorischen oder steuerlichen 
Gründen müssen die in § 5(3) 
bzw. 
§ 5(4) 
genannten 
Bedingungen erfüllt sein, und (ii) 
Rückkäufe 
dürfen 
nur 
zum 
Zwecke der Marktpflege und 
innerhalb 
der 
von 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
genehmigten Grenzen erfolgen. 
(b) 
In addition to (a), in the event of a 
redemption or, as the case may 
be, a repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of 
the Notes (i) in case of a 
redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons or reasons of taxation 
the conditions in § 5(3) or, as the 
case may be, § 5(4) have to be 
met, and (ii) repurchases may be 
made only for market making 
purposes and within the limits 
permitted 
by 
the 
competent 
authority. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
Nichterteilung der Zustimmung 
gemäß Artikel 77, 78 CRR durch 
die 
zuständige 
Behörde 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any 
refusal of the competent authority 
to 
grant 
permission 
in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption 
and 
does 
not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purpose. 
(c) 
Es 
ist 
kein 
Auslöseereignis 
(c) 
Neither prior to the exercise of the

--- Page 211 ---
209 
eingetreten, und zwar weder vor 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
noch 
ab 
dem Tag, an dem die Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin (jeweils einschließlich). 
redemption right nor in the period 
from and including the date on 
which the notice to exercise the 
redemption right is given to and 
including the date fixed for 
redemption a Trigger Event has 
occurred. 
(d) 
(i) Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
am 
Rückzahlungstag 
weder 
überschuldet im Sinne von § 19 
InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages 
führt 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin und (iii) es liegt keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vor. 
(d) 
(i) The Issuer is neither over-
indebted within the meaning of 
§ 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of redemption, (ii) the payment of 
the Redemption Amount does not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists. 
Ungeachtet 
der 
oben 
genannten 
Bedingungen, falls die zum Zeitpunkt 
der Rückzahlung oder des Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften eine Rückzahlung oder 
einen Rückkauf nur zulassen, wenn 
eine solche Rückzahlung oder ein 
solcher Rückkauf im Einklang mit 
zumindest 
einer 
alternativen 
oder 
weiteren Voraussetzung steht, dann 
muss die Emittentin jeder dieser 
etwaigen 
anderen 
und/oder 
zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen (wie 
jeweils anwendbar) entsprechen. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, 
if, at the time of any redemption or 
repurchase, the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations permit the redemption or 
repurchase only after compliance with 
one or more alternative or additional 
pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, as applicable, additional pre-
conditions, if any. 
Eine Erklärung der Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) oder (5) hat gemäß § 11 
zu erfolgen. Sie muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin und 
im Falle einer Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(3), (4) oder (5) den Grund für die 
Rückzahlung nennen. 
A notice of redemption pursuant to 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) or (5) shall be given in 
accordance with § 11. Such notice shall 
state the date fixed for redemption and, 
in the case of a notice pursuant to 
§ 5(3), (4) or (5), the reason for the 
redemption. 
Falls zwischen dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem 
die Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, und dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin ein 
Auslöseereignis eintritt, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
zurückgezahlt 
und 
die 
Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts gilt 
automatisch als zurückgenommen und 
If a Trigger Event occurs in the period 
between the date on which notice to 
exercise the redemption right is given 
and the date fixed for redemption, the 
Notes must not be redeemed on the 
date fixed for redemption and the notice 
of redemption shall automatically be 
deemed revoked and shall be null and 
void.

--- Page 212 ---
210 
ist null und nichtig. 
§ 41 InsO bleibt unberührt. 
§ 41 InsO remains unaffected. 
(7) 
Kündigung 
nach 
erfolgter 
Hochschreibung; Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht nach § 5(2) nur 
ausüben, wenn etwaige Herabschrei-
bungen nach § 5(9)(b) wieder gemäß 
§ 5(10) 
vollständig 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrag 
hochgeschrieben worden sind. 
(7) 
Redemption 
after 
Write-Up; 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer may 
exercise its redemption right pursuant 
to § 5(2) only if any write-downs 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b) have been fully 
written up to the Original Nominal 
Amount in accordance with § 5(10). 
Die Emittentin ist nach Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses nicht zur Ausübung 
ihrer Rückzahlungsrechte nach § 5(2), 
(3), (4) oder (5) berechtigt, bis die 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9) 
vorgenommen wurde. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event 
the Issuer is not entitled to exercise its 
redemption rights pursuant to § 5(2), 
(3), (4) or (5) until the write-down 
pursuant to § 5(9) has been effected. 
Im Übrigen steht die Ausübung der 
Kündigungsrechte nach § 5(2), (3), (4) 
und (5) im alleinigen Ermessen der 
Emittentin. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
above, 
the 
exercise of the redemption rights 
pursuant to § 5(2), (3), (4) and (5) shall 
be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrem 
dann Aktuellen Nennbetrag, soweit 
nicht zuvor bereits zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet. 
"Redemption Amount" of each Note, 
unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, shall be 
the then Current Nominal Amount of 
such Note. 
(8) 
Kein 
Kündigungsrecht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger. Die Anleihegläubiger 
sind zur Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht berechtigt. 
(8) 
No Call Right of the Noteholders. The 
Noteholders shall have no right to call 
the Notes for redemption. 
(9) 
Herabschreibung. 
(9) 
Write-down. 
(a) 
Auslöseereignis. Bei Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung 
um 
den 
Betrag 
der 
betreffenden 
Herabschreibung zu reduzieren. 
(a) 
Trigger 
Event. 
Upon 
the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, 
the Current Nominal Amount of 
each Note shall be reduced by 
the amount of the relevant write-
down. 
Ein "Auslöseereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
die 
in 
Artikel 92 
Absatz 
1 
Buchstabe a CRR genannte 
harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
der 
Emittentin 
(die 
"Harte 
Kernkapitalquote"), 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at 
any time, the common equity tier 
1 
capital 
ratio 
pursuant 
to 
Article 92(1)(a) CRR of the Issuer 
(the "Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio"), determined 
(i) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
(i) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a solo basis, on a solo

--- Page 213 ---
211 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin zu bestimmen, 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin; und/oder 
basis; and/or 
(ii) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
auf konsolidierter Basis zu 
bestimmen, 
auf 
konsolidierter Basis, 
(ii) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a consolidated basis, on 
a consolidated basis, 
unter 
[Mindest-CET-1-Quote 
einfügen] %14 
(die 
"Mindest-
CET1-Quote") fällt. 
falls below [insert Minimum 
CET1 Ratio] per cent.15 (the 
"Minimum CET1 Ratio"). 
Ob zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt ein 
Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, 
wird von der Emittentin, der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder einer anderen von der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
für diesen Zweck ernannten 
Stelle 
bestimmt, 
und 
diese 
Bestimmung 
ist 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
Whether a Trigger Event has 
occurred at any time will be 
determined by the Issuer, the 
competent supervisory authority 
or any agent appointed for such 
purpose 
by 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority and such 
determination will be binding on 
the Noteholders. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Ein 
Auslöseereignis kann zu jeder 
Zeit 
festgestellt 
werden 
und 
mehrfach eintreten. 
For the avoidance of doubt: A 
Trigger Event may be determined 
at any time and may occur on 
more than one occasion. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
berechtigt 
die Anleihegläubiger nicht zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
shall not entitle the Noteholders 
to call the Notes for redemption 
and shall not constitute a default 
of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Herabschreibung. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
eine 
Herabschreibung pro rata mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten, 
die 
eine 
Herabschreibung (gleichviel ob 
permanent oder temporär) oder 
eine Wandlung in Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
bei 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses 
vorsehen, 
vorzunehmen. Wenn im Falle 
eines Auslöseereignisses auch 
(b) 
Write-down. Upon the occurrence 
of a Trigger Event, a write-down 
shall be effected pro rata with all 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
other 
AT1 
Instruments which provide for a 
write-down (whether permanent 
or temporary) or a conversion into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments upon the occurrence 
of such Trigger Event. If upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
other AT1 Instruments are also 
subject to a write-down or are 
 
14 
Die Mindest-CET-1-Quote darf nicht unter 5,125 % liegen. 
15 
The Minimum CET1 Ratio must not be below 5.125 per cent.

--- Page 214 ---
212 
andere 
AT1 
Instrumente 
herabzuschreiben 
oder 
in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals zu wandeln sind, die 
nach 
ihren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Auslöseereignis 
das Unterschreiten einer Harten 
Kernkapitalquote vorsehen, die 
auf oder über der Mindest-CET1-
Quote liegt (zusammen mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
"Relevanten AT1 Instrumente"), 
richtet sich das Verhältnis bzw. 
die Reihenfolge, in welcher für 
die jeweils herabzuschreibenden 
oder in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
zu 
wandelnden 
Instrumente 
eine 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften. 
Wird 
dieses 
Verhältnis 
bzw. 
diese 
Reihenfolge 
nicht 
durch 
die 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichts-
rechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorgegeben, so gilt Folgendes: 
subject 
to 
conversion 
into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments, 
where 
the 
respective conditions provide for 
a trigger event at a Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio level 
that is at or above the Minimum 
CET1 Ratio (together with the 
Notes 
the 
"Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments"), any such write-
down or conversion will occur in 
such order of application or ratio 
as required in accordance with 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. If no such order or 
ratio is required by the Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations, 
the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Eine 
Herabschreibung 
gemäß diesem § 5(9)(b) 
erfolgt, vorbehaltlich der 
Regelung 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes, pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen Relevanten AT1 
Instrumenten. 
(i) 
Any write-down pursuant to 
this § 5(9)(b) will, subject to 
the provision set out in the 
following 
sentence, 
be 
effected pro rata with all 
other 
Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments. 
Dabei 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
sämtliche 
andere 
Relevante AT1 Instrumente 
jeweils nur insoweit an 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
bzw. einer Wandlung in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals beteiligt, wie 
dies insgesamt erforderlich 
ist, 
damit 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
(i) auf 
konsolidierter Basis und 
(ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis 
(jeweils 
nur 
wenn 
und 
solange die Emittentin nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
The Notes and all other 
Relevant AT1 Instruments 
will in the aggregate only be 
written-down or (as the 
case may be) converted 
into common equity tier 1 
capital instruments to the 
extent required to restore 
the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital 
Ratio 
as 
determined 
on 
(i) a 
consolidated 
basis 
and 
(ii) a solo basis (in each 
case only if and as long as 
the 
Issuer 
is 
required 
pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations or 
an administrative order to

--- Page 215 ---
213 
Vorschriften oder aufgrund 
behördlicher 
Anordnung 
verpflichtet ist, die Harte 
Kernkapitalquote insoweit 
zu bestimmen) diejenige 
Quote wieder erreicht, die 
in 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Quote für 
das die Herabschreibung 
und/oder die Wandlung in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
auslösende 
Ereignis 
festgelegt 
ist; 
wobei 
die 
Summe 
der 
Herabschreibungen 
und 
Wandlungen insgesamt auf 
den 
gesamten, 
im 
Zeitpunkt des Eintritts des 
Auslöseereignisses ausste-
henden Nennbetrag der 
Relevanten 
AT1 
Instrumente beschränkt ist. 
determine the ratio on such 
level) to the ratio provided 
for in their respective terms 
as the ratio triggering the 
event resulting in such 
write-down 
and/or 
conversion into common 
equity 
tier 1 
capital 
instruments; provided that 
the total amount of the 
write-downs 
and 
conversions 
shall 
not 
exceed the sum of the 
outstanding 
principal 
amounts of the Relevant 
AT1 Instruments at the time 
of occurrence of the Trigger 
Event. 
(ii) 
Jedes andere Relevante 
AT1 
Instrument, 
das 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
herabgeschrieben 
oder 
gewandelt werden kann, 
wird für den Zweck der 
Bestimmung der relevanten 
pro rata-Beträge für eine 
Herabschreibung und die 
Berechnung des Betrags 
der Herabschreibung so 
behandelt, als ob seine 
Bedingungen eine teilweise 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
vorsehen 
würden. 
(ii) 
Any other Relevant AT1 
Instrument that may be 
written down or converted 
in full but not in part will, for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the relevant 
pro rata amounts for a 
write-down and calculation 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount, be treated as if its 
terms permit a partial write-
down or conversion. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
hängt nicht von der Wirksamkeit 
oder 
Durchführung 
einer 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
anderer Instrumente ab und ist 
unabhängig 
davon 
gemäß 
§ 5(9)(b) 
vorzunehmen. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Soweit 
die 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
die 
Wandlung in Instrumente des 
harten Kernkapitals unter einem 
oder mehreren der anderen AT1 
Instrumente der Emittentin aus 
(c) 
Effecting a write-down in respect 
of the Notes shall not be 
dependent on the effectiveness 
or implementation of a write-
down or conversion of other 
instruments and any such non-
effectiveness 
or 
non-
implementation 
shall 
not 
prejudice the effecting of a write-
down pursuant to § 5(9)(b). For 
the avoidance of doubt: to the 
extent that the write-down or the 
conversion into common equity 
tier 1 capital instruments of one or 
more 
of 
the 
other 
AT1

--- Page 216 ---
214 
irgendeinem Grund nicht wirksam 
ist oder nicht durchgeführt wird, 
wird diese unwirksame oder nicht 
durchgeführte Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
bei 
der 
Bestimmung des Betrags der 
Herabschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) nicht berücksichtigt. 
Instruments of the Issuer is not 
effective or is not implemented for 
any reason, such non-effective or 
non-implemented write-down or 
conversion will not be taken into 
account when determining the 
written-down amount in respect 
of the Notes under § 5(9)(b). 
Die Summe der in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmenden 
Herabschreibungen ist auf die 
Summe 
der 
Aktuellen 
Nennbeträge aller zum Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
jeweiligen 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beschränkt. 
The sum of the write-
downs to be effected with respect 
to the Notes shall be limited to the 
aggregate 
Current 
Nominal 
Amount of all Notes outstanding 
at the time of occurrence of the 
relevant Trigger Event. 
(d) 
Im Falle des Eintritts eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
wird 
die 
Emittentin: 
(d) 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event, the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
unverzüglich die für sie 
zuständige Behörde sowie 
gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Eintritt dieses 
Auslöseereignisses sowie 
des Umstandes, dass eine 
Herabschreibung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
unterrichten, und 
(i) 
inform 
the 
competent 
authority of the Issuer and, 
in accordance with § 11, 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes without undue delay 
about the occurrence of 
such Trigger Event and the 
fact that a write-down will 
have to be effected, and 
(ii) 
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
innerhalb 
eines 
Monats (soweit die für sie 
zuständige Behörde diese 
Frist nicht verkürzt) die 
bezogen auf die jeweilige 
Schuldverschreibung 
vorzunehmende 
Herabschreibung und den 
daraus 
resultierenden 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbe-
trag feststellen und (A) der 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
(B) den Anleihegläubigern 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 11, 
(C) der 
Berechnungsstelle und der 
Zahlstelle sowie (D) jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
(ii) 
determine the write-down 
to 
be 
effected 
without 
undue delay, but not later 
than within one month 
(unless 
the 
competent 
authority 
of 
the 
Issuer 
shortens such period), and 
notify such write-down in 
relation 
to 
each 
Note 
together with the resultant 
new 
Current 
Nominal 
Amount 
(A) to 
the 
competent authority, (B) to 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes in accordance with 
§ 11, (C) to the Calculation 
Agent 
and 
the 
Paying 
Agent and (D), if required 
by the rules of any stock

--- Page 217 ---
215 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung 
der 
Emittentin 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren 
Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, mitteilen. 
exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time 
to time at the request of the 
Issuer, 
to 
such 
stock 
exchange. 
(e) 
Die Herabschreibung ist vorge-
nommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen ist reduziert wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
wenn 
die 
Abgabe 
der 
Mitteilungen an die Anleihe-
gläubiger gemäß § 11 erfolgt ist. 
(e) 
The write-down shall be deemed 
effected at the time when the 
notice to the Noteholders is given 
in accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be reduced at such 
time in the amount as specified in 
the notice. 
Ein Unterlassen der Mitteilungen 
nach § 5(9)(d)(i) und/oder (ii) 
berührt nicht die Wirksamkeit 
einer Herabschreibung und diese 
gilt jedenfalls spätestens ein 
Monat (soweit die zuständige 
Behörde 
diese 
Frist 
nicht 
verkürzt) 
nach 
Eintritt 
des 
betreffenden Auslöseereignisses 
in 
der 
Höhe 
des 
von 
der 
Emittentin festgestellten Betrags 
als vorgenommen. Eine nicht 
erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
Any 
failure 
to 
give 
notices 
pursuant to § 5(9)(d)(i) and/or (ii) 
will not affect the effectiveness of, 
or otherwise invalidate, any write-
down and such write-down shall 
be deemed effected, on the basis 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount 
determined by the Issuer, in any 
event no later than one month 
(unless the competent authority 
of the Issuer shortens such 
period) after the occurrence of 
the relevant Trigger Event. A 
notice which has not been given 
shall be given without undue 
delay. 
(10) Hochschreibung. 
(10) Write-up. 
(a) 
Nach 
der 
Vornahme 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
kann 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung in jedem 
der Geschäftsjahre der Emittentin 
nach der Herabschreibung bis 
zur 
vollständigen 
Höhe 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
(soweit nicht zuvor zurückgezahlt 
oder angekauft und entwertet) 
nach Maßgabe der folgenden 
Regelungen 
dieses 
§ 5(10) 
wieder hochgeschrieben werden, 
soweit 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss 
nach 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss der Emittentin 
zur Verfügung steht und mithin 
hierdurch kein Jahresfehlbetrag 
entsteht oder erhöht würde. Die 
(a) 
After a write-down has been 
effected, the Current Nominal 
Amount of each Note, unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, may 
be written up in accordance with 
the following provisions of § 5(10) 
in each of the financial years of 
the Issuer subsequent to the 
occurrence of such write-down 
until the full Original Nominal 
Amount has been reached, to the 
extent 
that 
a 
corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is calculated on the basis of the 
financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with 
German commercial law and the 
write-up will not give rise to or 
increase 
an 
annual 
loss

--- Page 218 ---
216 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
mit 
Wirkung 
ab 
dem 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
das 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
folgt, für das der zuvor genannte 
Jahresüberschuss 
festgestellt 
wurde. 
(Jahresfehlbetrag). The write-up 
will occur with effect as of the first 
Interest Payment Date (including) 
immediately 
following 
the 
financial year of the Issuer for 
which 
the 
above-mentioned 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
was determined. 
(b) 
Die 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
gleichrangig 
mit 
der 
Hochschreibung 
anderer 
AT1 
Instrumente. 
(b) 
The write-up shall be effected 
pari passu with write-ups of other 
AT1 Instruments. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
einer 
Hochschreibung 
steht 
vorbehaltlich der nachfolgenden 
Vorgaben der nachstehenden 
Ziffern (i) bis (v) im Ermessen der 
Emittentin. Insbesondere kann 
die Emittentin auch dann ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
von 
einer 
Hochschreibung absehen, wenn 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss zur Verfügung 
steht und die Vorgaben der 
nachstehenden Ziffern (i) bis (v) 
erfüllt wären. 
(c) 
Subject to the conditions set out 
in clauses (i) to (v) below, it shall 
be at the discretion of the Issuer 
to effect a write-up. In particular, 
the Issuer may effect a write-up 
only in part or effect no write-up 
at all even if a corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is recorded and the conditions set 
out in clauses (i) to (v) below are 
fulfilled. 
(i) 
Soweit 
der 
festgestellte 
bzw. 
festzustellende 
Jahresüberschuss für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und anderer, mit einem 
vergleichbaren 
Auslöseereignis (ggf. mit 
einer abweichenden harten 
Kernkapitalquote 
als 
Auslöser) 
ausgestatteter 
AT1 Instrumente 
(einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen die 
"Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 
Instrumente")verwendet 
werden 
soll 
und 
nach 
Maßgabe von (ii) und (iii) 
zur Verfügung steht, erfolgt 
die Hochschreibung pro 
rata nach Maßgabe der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente. 
(i) 
To the extent that the 
annual 
profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined is to be used for 
a write-up of the Notes and 
of other AT1 Instruments, 
the terms of which provide 
for a similar Trigger Event 
(also if such terms provide 
for a different common 
equity tier 1 capital ratio as 
trigger) (together with the 
Notes, the "Written Down 
AT1 Instruments"), and is 
available 
in 
accordance 
with (ii) and (iii) below, such 
write-up shall be effected 
pro rata in proportion to the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments. 
(ii) 
Der 
Höchstbetrag, 
der 
(ii) 
The maximum total amount

--- Page 219 ---
217 
insgesamt 
für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
anderer, 
Herabgeschriebener 
AT1 
Instrumente 
sowie 
die 
Zahlung von Zinsen und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente 
verwendet werden kann, 
errechnet sich nach den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Berechnung 
des 
Höchstbetrags 
für 
Hochschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt für die Berechnung 
folgende Formel: 
that may be used for a 
write-up of the Notes and of 
other Written Down AT1 
Instruments and for the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
calculated in accordance 
with 
the 
regulatory 
technical standards and the 
other 
requirements 
applicable at the time of the 
calculation of the maximum 
total amount for write-ups. 
At the time of the issuance 
of the Notes, the calculation 
is based on the following 
formula: 
H = J × S
T1  
H = J × S
T1  
‘H’ bezeichnet den für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zur Verfügung 
stehenden Höchstbetrag; 
‘H’ means the maximum 
amount available for the 
write-up of the Written 
Down AT1 Instruments and 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down AT1 Instruments; 
‘J’ 
bezeichnet 
den 
festgestellten 
bzw. 
festzustellenden 
Jahresüberschuss 
des 
Vorjahres aus dem nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
oder, 
falls 
niedriger, 
aus 
dem 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin; 
‘J’ means the annual profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined for the previous 
year on the basis of the 
unconsolidated 
annual 
financial statements of the 
Issuer or, if lower, the 
consolidated 
annual 
financial statements of the 
Issuer; 
‘S’ bezeichnet die Summe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
(d.h. 
vor 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen infolge 
‘S’ means the sum of the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments 
(i.e. 
before 
write-downs 
due 
to 
a 
Trigger Event have been

--- Page 220 ---
218 
eines Auslöseereignisses); 
effected); 
‘T1’ bezeichnet den Betrag 
des 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin unmittelbar vor 
Vornahme 
der 
Hochschreibung. 
‘T1’ means the amount of 
the tier 1 capital of the 
Issuer immediately before 
the write-up is effected. 
Der Höchstbetrag ‘H’ ist 
von der Emittentin nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen 
zu 
bestimmen und der so 
bestimmte 
Betrag 
der 
Hochschreibung zugrunde 
zu legen, ohne dass es 
einer 
Änderung 
dieser 
Ziffer (ii) bedürfte. 
The maximum amount ‘H’ 
shall be determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with 
the 
regulatory 
technical 
standards and the other 
requirements applicable at 
the time of determination, 
and the write-up shall be 
based on the amount so 
determined 
without 
requiring any amendment 
to this clause (ii). 
(iii) 
Insgesamt darf die Summe 
der 
Beträge 
der 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zusammen mit 
etwaigen Dividenden und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
(einschließlich 
auch der Zinszahlungen 
und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen auf Herab-
geschriebene AT1 Instru-
mente) in Bezug auf das 
betreffende Geschäftsjahr 
den 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag oder einen anderen 
nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
vorgeschriebenen 
Höchstbetrag 
nicht 
überschreiten. 
(iii) 
In total, the sum of the 
amounts of the write-ups of 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments together with 
the 
amounts 
of 
any 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the 
Issuer 
(including 
the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments) 
for 
the 
relevant financial year must 
not exceed the Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount 
or 
any 
other 
maximum 
amount prescribed by the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations 
for 
this 
purpose. 
(iv) 
Hochschreibungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gehen 
Dividenden 
und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
(iv) 
Write-ups of the Notes do 
not 
have 
priority 
over 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on

--- Page 221 ---
219 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin nicht vor, d.h. 
diese können auch dann 
vorgenommen 
werden, 
solange keine vollständige 
Hochschreibung erfolgt ist. 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the 
Issuer, i.e. such payments 
and 
Distributions 
are 
permitted even if no full 
write-up has been effected. 
(v) 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
Hochschreibung darf kein 
Auslöseereignis 
fortbestehen. 
Eine 
Hochschreibung ist zudem 
ausgeschlossen, 
soweit 
diese zu dem Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses führen 
würde. 
(v) 
At the time of a write-up, 
there must not exist any 
Trigger 
Event 
that 
is 
continuing. A write-up is 
also excluded if such write-
up would give rise to the 
occurrence of a Trigger 
Event. 
(d) 
Wenn sich die Emittentin für die 
Vornahme einer Hochschreibung 
nach den Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 5(10) entscheidet, wird sie bis 
spätestens 10 Kalendertage vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag, an dem die 
Hochschreibung bewirkt werden 
soll (der "Hochschreibungstag") 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 
11, die Berechnungsstelle, die 
Zahlstelle sowie jede Börse, an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, von der 
Vornahme der Hochschreibung 
unterrichten 
und 
den 
Hochschreibungsbetrag 
als 
Prozentsatz des Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
den 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbetrag und 
den 
Hochschreibungstag 
benennen. Die Hochschreibung 
ist 
vorgenommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige Aktuelle Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist mit 
Wirkung 
zum 
Hochschreibungstag erhöht wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
(d) 
If the Issuer elects to effect a 
write-up in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 5(10), it shall 
give notice no later than 10 
calendar days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date on which the write-
up will become effective (the 
"Write-Up 
Date"), 
to 
the 
Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11, to the 
Calculation Agent, to the Paying 
Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed from time to 
time at the request of the Issuer, 
to such stock exchange, of the 
write-up specifying the amount of 
the write-up as a percentage of 
the Original Nominal Amount of 
the Notes, the new Current 
Nominal Amount and the Write-
Up Date. The write-up shall be 
deemed to be effected at the time 
when 
the 
notice 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
is 
given 
in 
accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be increased in the 
amount as specified in the notice 
with effect as of the Write-up 
Date.

--- Page 222 ---
220 
wenn die Abgabe der Mitteilung 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 11 erfolgt ist. 
§ 6 
Die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle 
§ 6 
Paying Agent(s) and Calculation Agent 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte Zahlstelle, die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren 
jeweilige 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The 
initial Paying Agent and the initial 
Calculation Agent and their respective 
initial specified offices are: 
"Zahlstelle": 
"Paying Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
"Calculation Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified office 
to some other specified offices in the 
same jurisdiction. 
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
einer 
Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
zusätzliche 
oder 
andere 
Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von [mindestens 30 und 
nicht mehr als 45 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
informiert wurden. 
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Calculation Agent or 
the Paying Agent and to appoint 
another Calculation Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain a Paying 
Agent and a Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after [not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 Business 
Days’] [●] prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
(3) 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle und die Zahlstelle 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Calculation 
Agent and the Paying Agent act solely

--- Page 223 ---
221 
handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, und es wird 
kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
as agents of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards, or relationship 
of agency or trust for, any of the 
Noteholders. 
§ 7 
Steuern 
§ 7 
Taxation 
(1) 
Quellensteuern 
und 
Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
von 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung 
einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, dieser Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. Im Fall des Einbehalts 
oder 
Abzugs 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zinszahlungen (nicht jedoch Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital) 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
diejenigen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern empfangen worden 
wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher zusätzlichen Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
(1) 
Withholding 
Taxes 
and 
Additional 
Amounts. All amounts payable in 
respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding 
or deduction by or in or for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or 
any 
political 
subdivision 
or 
any 
authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In the 
event of such withholding or deduction 
on payments of interest (but not in 
respect of the payment of any principal 
in respect of the Notes), the Issuer shall 
(subject to § 3(8)) pay such additional 
amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders, 
after such withholding or deduction, 
shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been 
receivable by the Noteholders in the 
absence 
of 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction; 
except 
that 
no 
such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) 
von einer als depotführende 
Stelle oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten 
sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden 
Zahlungen 
einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; 
oder 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from 
payments made by it; or

--- Page 224 ---
222 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in Deutschland stammen 
(oder 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
Besteuerung 
so 
behandelt 
werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having 
had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes 
are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, 
Germany; or 
(c) 
denen der Anleihegläubiger nicht 
unterläge, 
wenn 
er 
seine 
Anleihegläubigerstellung binnen 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit oder, 
falls die notwendigen Beträge der 
Zahlstelle bei Fälligkeit nicht zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
binnen 30 Tagen nach dem Tag, 
an dem diese Mittel der Zahlstelle 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind und dies gemäß § 11 
bekannt gemacht wurde, der 
Zahlstelle 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hätte; oder 
(c) 
to which the Noteholder would 
not be subject if it had sufficiently 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
Paying 
Agent its status as a Noteholder 
within 30 days from the due date 
for payment, or, if the necessary 
funds were not provided to the 
Paying Agent when due, within 
30 days from the date on which 
such funds are provided to the 
Paying Agent and a notice to that 
effect has been published in 
accordance with § 11; or 
(d) 
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen 
oder einbehalten werden, wenn 
die Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle ohne den Abzug oder 
Einbehalt hätte vorgenommen 
werden können; oder 
(d) 
are deducted or withheld by a 
Paying Agent from a payment if 
the payment could have been 
made by another Paying Agent 
without 
such 
deduction 
or 
withholding; or 
(e) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
einem Kreditinstitut verwahrt und 
die 
Zahlungen 
von 
diesem 
eingezogen worden wären, oder 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Notes 
had been kept in safe custody 
with, and the payments had been 
collected by, a banking institution; 
or 
(f) 
wegen 
einer 
Rechtsänderung 
oder einer Änderung in der 
Rechtsanwendung 
zu 
zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
wirksam wird; oder 
(f) 
are payable by reason of a 
change in a law or administrative 
practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, 
or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof 
is 
published 
in 
accordance with § 11, whichever 
occurs later; or 
(g) 
durch 
die 
Erfüllung 
von 
gesetzlichen Anforderungen oder 
(g) 
are avoidable or would have been 
avoidable through compliance

--- Page 225 ---
223 
durch 
die 
Vorlage 
einer 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder 
durch 
die 
sonstige 
Geltendmachung 
eines 
Anspruchs 
auf 
Befreiung 
gegenüber 
der 
betreffenden 
Steuerbehörde vermeidbar sind 
oder gewesen wären; oder 
with statutory requirements or 
through the submission of a 
declaration of non-residence or 
by otherwise enforcing a claim for 
exemption at the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(h) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden, weil der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
selbst 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist und 
der Abzug oder Einbehalt bei 
Zahlungen 
an 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer nicht 
erfolgt wäre oder eine Zahlung 
zusätzlicher Beträge bei einer 
Zahlung an den wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer nach Maßgabe der 
vorstehenden Regelungen hätte 
vermieden werden können, wenn 
dieser 
zugleich 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gewesen wäre. 
(h) 
are 
deducted 
or 
withheld 
because the beneficial owner of 
the Notes is not itself their legal 
owner 
(Noteholder) 
and 
the 
deduction 
or 
withholding 
in 
respect of payments to the 
beneficial owner would not have 
been made or the payment of 
Additional Amounts in respect of 
a payment to the beneficial owner 
in accordance with the above 
provisions 
could 
have 
been 
avoided if the latter had also been 
the legal owner (Noteholder) of 
the Notes. 
(2) 
FATCA. 
Die 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
soll 
keine 
Anwendung finden auf Steuern oder 
Abgaben, die nur zu zahlen sind auf 
Grund 
einer 
Nichteinhaltung 
von 
Anforderungen 
durch 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer (oder ein 
Finanzinstitut, 
durch 
das 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält oder durch 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten ist) 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zertifizierung, 
Information, 
Identifikation, 
Dokumentation 
oder 
andere 
Mitteilungen 
(einschließlich 
dem 
Abschluss und der Einhaltung von 
Vereinbarungen mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service) gemäß (a) den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (in der am Tag 
der 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
(2) 
FATCA. The obligation of the Issuer to 
pay Additional Amounts shall not apply 
to any taxes or duties that would not 
have been imposed but for a failure by 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner (or 
any financial institution through which 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner 
holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made) to 
comply 
with 
any 
certification, 
information, 
identification, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirements (including entering into 
and complying with an agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service) 
imposed (a) pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code as in effect on the date 
of issuance of the Notes or any 
successor or amended version of these 
provisions, 
to 
the 
extent 
such 
successor or amended version is not 
materially more onerous than these 
provisions as enacted on such date or 
any current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof, (b) under

--- Page 226 ---
224 
Fassung oder gemäß geänderter oder 
nachfolgender Bestimmungen, soweit 
diese geänderten oder nachfolgenden 
Bestimmungen 
nicht 
wesentlich 
beschwerlicher sind als jene am Tag 
der Ausgabe geltenden Fassung) oder 
aktuellen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
offiziellen 
Auslegungen 
hiervon, 
(b) 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und 
einem anderen Staat zur Umsetzung 
der Anforderungen aus diesen Normen 
oder 
(c) 
einem 
Gesetz, 
einer 
Verordnung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
offiziellen Richtlinie, das bzw. die in 
einem anderen Staat erlassen wurde. 
an 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
entered into between the United States 
and the government of another country 
in order to implement the requirements 
of these provisions or (c) any law, 
regulation or other official written 
guidance enacted in any other country. 
§ 8 
Vorlegungsfrist 
§ 8 
Term of presentation 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
zehn 
Jahre 
verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801(1) 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen, 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
§ 9 
Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions, 
Noteholders’ Representative 
(1) 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Einhaltung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Voraussetzungen 
für 
die 
Anerkennung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
(falls 
aufsichtsrechtlich 
erforderlich) 
der 
Zustimmung der zuständigen Behörde 
entsprechend den Bestimmungen des 
Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
"SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit 
der in § 9(2) bestimmten Mehrheit über 
einen 
im 
SchVG 
zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin 
vereinbaren. Die Emittentin wird die 
zuständige Behörde vor Durchführung 
der 
Abstimmung 
von 
den 
zur 
Abstimmung 
vorzulegenden 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
unterrichten. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
können 
nicht 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
(1) 
Amendment 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions. In accordance with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), the 
Noteholders 
may, 
subject 
to 
compliance with the requirements of 
regulatory law for the recognition of the 
Notes as AT1 Instruments and (if 
necessary under applicable regulatory 
laws) the permission of the competent 
authority, agree with the Issuer on 
amendments 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution 
with the majority specified in § 9(2). The 
Issuer 
will 
notify 
the 
competent 
authority of changes to the Terms and 
Conditions to be submitted for voting 
prior to the voting. For the avoidance of 
doubt: The Terms and Conditions may 
not be amended without the consent of 
the Issuer.

--- Page 227 ---
225 
geändert werden. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
sind 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Anleihegläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Anleihegläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die 
benachteiligten 
Anleihegläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on 
all Noteholders. A majority resolution 
which does not provide for identical 
conditions for all Noteholders is void, 
unless 
Noteholders 
who 
are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented to 
their being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger entscheiden mit einer 
Mehrheit 
von 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des 
§ 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG 
betreffen, 
bedürfen 
zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit 
der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed 
by a majority of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters 
listed in § 5(3) nos. 1 to 9 SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes 
cast. 
(3) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle 
Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
und 
eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine 
solche 
Versammlung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall 
des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
(3) 
Vote without a meeting. All votes will be 
taken exclusively by vote taken without 
a meeting. A meeting of Noteholders 
and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18(4) 
sentence 2 SchVG. 
(4) 
Leitung 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Die 
Abstimmung wird von einem von der 
Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, 
falls der gemeinsame Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie gemäß § 9(6) 
bestellt) zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger geleitet. 
(4) 
Chair of the vote. The vote will be 
chaired by a notary appointed by the 
Issuer 
or, 
if 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative (as appointed pursuant 
to § 9(6)) has convened the vote, by the 
Noteholders’ Representative. 
(5) 
Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
nimmt 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen 
Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin 
oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) 
zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
(5) 
Voting 
rights. 
Each 
Noteholder 
participating in any vote shall cast votes 
in accordance with the principal amount 
or the notional share of its entitlement 
to the outstanding Notes. The voting 
right is suspended as long as the Notes 
of the Issuer or an affiliate (within the 
meaning 
of 
§ 271(2) 
German 
Commercial Code (HGB)) or are held 
for the account of the Issuer or an 
affiliate.

--- Page 228 ---
226 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen gehalten 
werden. 
(6) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter für alle Anleihegläubiger 
bestellen. Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, 
welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit 
er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten 
der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser 
Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
(6) 
Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
The 
Noteholders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative to 
exercise the Noteholders’ rights on 
behalf 
of 
each 
Noteholder. 
The 
Noteholders’ Representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by law 
or granted by majority resolution of the 
Noteholders. 
The 
Noteholders’ 
Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent 
that 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative has been authorised to 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Noteholders’ 
Representative shall provide reports to 
the Noteholders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the recall and the other rights 
and obligations of the Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
Rückkauf und Entwertung 
§ 10 
Further Issues, Repurchases 
and Cancellation 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabekurses und/oder des ersten 
Zinszahlungstags) in der Weise zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or issue price 
and/or the first interest payment date) 
so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
(2) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
mit der vorherigen Zustimmung der 
zuständigen Behörde und vorbehaltlich 
§ 5(6) Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen 
Kurs zurückzukaufen. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses darf die Emittentin 
keine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may, with the 
prior permission of the competent 
authority 
and 
subject 
to 
§ 5(6), 
repurchase Notes in the market or 
otherwise at any price. Upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, the 
Issuer may not repurchase any Notes 
pursuant to this § 10(2) if and so long

--- Page 229 ---
227 
diesem § 10(2) zurückkaufen, solange 
eine hieraus folgende Herabschreibung 
noch nicht erfolgt ist. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks 
Entwertung 
eingereicht 
werden.  
as a write-down resulting herefrom has 
not been effected. Notes repurchased 
by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Paying Agent for cancellation.  
Zur Klarstellung: Die Nichterteilung der 
Zustimmung durch die zuständige 
Behörde zu einem Rückkauf nach 
§ 10(2) berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt: Any refusal 
of the competent authority to grant 
permission for a repurchase pursuant 
to 
§ 10(2) 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer. 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht 
wiederbegeben 
oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen, 
außer 
den 
in 
§ 9 
vorgesehenen Bekanntmachungen, die 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG erfolgen, 
sind 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com (oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeseite zu der angegebenen 
Seite)) 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Eine 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag ihrer 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Mitteilungen mit dem Tage der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als erfolgt.  
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the 
Notes, other than any notices stipulated 
in § 9 which shall be made exclusively 
pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG, shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com (or 
any 
successor page to this page)). Any 
notice shall be deemed to be effected 
on the day of its publication (or in the 
case of more than one publication on 
the day of the first publication). 
(2) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System. Sofern die Regularien der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(oder 
einer 
anderen 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen notieren) dies 
zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
Bekanntmachungen auch durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
oder durch eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
direkt an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
bewirken. Bekanntmachungen über 
das Clearing System gelten sieben 
(2) 
Notices to the Clearing System. The 
Issuer shall also be entitled to make 
notices to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders or directly to the 
Noteholders provided this complies 
with the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(or 
any 
other 
Stock 
Exchange on which the Notes are 
listed). Notices to the Clearing System 
shall be deemed to be effected seven 
days after the notification to the 
Clearing System, direct notices to the

--- Page 230 ---
228 
Tage nach der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System, direkte Mitteilungen 
an die Anleihegläubiger mit ihrem 
Zugang als bewirkt. 
Noteholders shall be deemed to be 
effected upon their receipt. 
§ 12 
Fremdwährungen 
§ 12 
Other Currencies 
Sofern Beträge für ein Instrument nicht in der 
funktionalen 
Währung 
der 
Emittentin 
ausgedrückt sind, erfolgt für die Anwendung 
dieser Bedingungen eine Umrechnung in 
diese funktionale Währung zu dem zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt geltenden vorherrschenden und 
durch die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
festgestellten Wechselkurs oder gemäß 
einem anderen Verfahren, das in den für die 
Emittentin 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Eigenkapitalvorschriften vorgesehen ist. 
If any amounts with respect to any instrument 
are not expressed in the functional currency 
of the Issuer, for the application of these 
Terms and Conditions such amounts will be 
converted into such functional currency at the 
then-prevailing exchange rate, as determined 
by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion, or 
such other procedure as provided by capital 
regulations applicable to the Issuer from time 
to time. 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
§ 13 
Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form 
and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Noteholders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German 
law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist 
das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
nicht 
ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. Subject to any 
mandatory 
jurisdiction 
for 
specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the 
regional court (Landgericht) Stuttgart, 
Federal Republic of Germany, shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
(3) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, 
in dem der Anleihegläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(i) 
indem 
er 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) beibringt, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Noteholder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce 
in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as 
defined 
below) 
with 
whom 
such 
Noteholder 
maintains 
a 
securities 
account in respect of the Notes (a) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, 
(b) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given

--- Page 231 ---
229 
Anleihegläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, 
die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind 
und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vorlegt, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearing Systems bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, 
die 
im 
Land 
der 
Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to 
(a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes 
of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of 
recognized standing authorized to 
engage in securities custody business 
with which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the 
Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect or 
enforce its rights under the Notes also 
in any other way which is admitted in 
the country of the Proceedings. 
§ 14 
Sprache 
§ 14 
Language 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
beigefügt. 
Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German 
text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.

--- Page 232 ---
230 
OPTION IV: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
FÜR IN AUSTRALISCHE DOLLAR 
BEGEBENE 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
OPTION IV: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR NOTES ISSUED IN AUSTRALIAN 
DOLLARS 
 
§ 1 
Währung, Stückelung,  
zusätzliches Kernkapital, Form 
§ 1 
Currency, Denomination,  
AT1 Capital, Form 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie von 
nachrangigen Schuldverschreibungen 
(die "Schuldverschreibungen") der 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(die "Emittentin") wird in Australischen 
Dollar  
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung" 
oder 
"AUD") im Gesamtnennbetrag von 
AUD [Gesamtnennbetrag einfügen] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten einfügen] Australische Dollar) 
in 
einer 
Stückelung 
von 
jeweils 
AUD [●]15  
(die "festgelegte Stückelung" oder 
der 
"Ursprüngliche 
Nennbetrag") 
begeben. 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. This series of 
subordinated notes (the "Notes") of 
Landesbank 
Baden-Württemberg 
(the "Issuer") is being issued in 
Australian dollars (the "Specified Cur-
rency" or "AUD") in the aggregate 
nominal 
amount 
of 
AUD 
[insert 
aggregate 
nominal 
amount] 
(in 
words: [insert amount in words] 
Australian dollars) in a denomination of 
AUD [●]16 
(the 
"Specified 
Denomination" 
or 
the 
"Original 
Nominal Amount") each. 
Zweck der Schuldverschreibungen ist 
die Überlassung von Eigenmitteln auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
in 
Form 
von 
zusätzlichem 
Kernkapital 
an 
die 
Emittentin. 
The purpose of the Notes is to furnish 
the Issuer with own funds in the form of 
additional tier 1 capital for an indefinite 
period of time. 
(2) 
Form. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) 
Form. The Notes are being issued in 
bearer form. 
(3) 
Globalurkunde. 
(3) 
Global Note. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine 
auf 
den 
Inhaber 
lautende 
Globalurkunde 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft  
(die 
"Globalurkunde"). 
Die 
Globalurkunde trägt die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift von zwei 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten 
Vertretern 
der 
Emittentin. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben. Ein Recht 
der Anleihegläubiger auf Ausgabe und 
Lieferung von Einzelurkunden oder 
Zinsscheinen besteht nicht. 
The Notes are represented by one 
global note payable to bearer without 
interest coupons (the "Global Note"). 
The Global Note bears the manual or 
facsimile signatures of two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer. Definitive 
notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued. The right of the Noteholders to 
require the issue and delivery of 
definitive notes or interest coupons is 
excluded. 
(4) 
Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde 
wird bei Clearstream Banking AG, 
Frankfurt (das "Clearing System") hin-
(4) 
Clearing System. The Global Note will 
be deposited with Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt (the "Clearing System"), 
 
15 
Mindestens AUD 200.000. 
16 
At least AUD 200,000.

--- Page 233 ---
231 
terlegt, bis sämtliche Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen erfüllt sind. 
until the Issuer has satisfied and 
discharged all of its obligations under 
the Notes. 
(5) 
Anleihegläubiger. "Anleihegläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigen-
tumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) 
Noteholder. "Noteholder" means any 
holder of a proportionate co-ownership 
or other right in the Notes. 
§ 2 
Status 
§ 2 
Status 
(1) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht 
besicherte, 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
untereinander 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
stehen. 
(1) 
The Notes constitute unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
ranking pari passu among themselves. 
(2) 
Im Fall von Abwicklungsmaßnahmen in 
Bezug auf die Emittentin und im Fall der 
Insolvenz, 
der 
Auflösung, 
der 
Liquidation der Emittentin oder eines 
Vergleichs oder eines anderen der 
Abwendung der Insolvenz dienenden 
Verfahrens gegen die Emittentin 
(2) 
If resolution measures are imposed on 
the Issuer, or in the event of the 
insolvency, dissolution, liquidation or 
composition of the Issuer, or if other 
proceedings 
are 
opened 
for 
the 
avoidance of insolvency of the Issuer or 
against the Issuer, the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Notes 
(a) 
stehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
wie 
die 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
aus anderen AT1 Instrumenten 
sowie aus anderen Instrumenten, 
die nach zwingendem Recht mit 
AT1 Instrumenten gleichrangig 
sind; und 
(a) 
rank 
pari 
passu 
with 
the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
other 
AT1 
Instruments 
and 
obligations 
under 
other 
instruments which pursuant to 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with AT1 Instruments; 
and 
(b) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
hinsichtlich Posten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
gemäß Artikel 26 CRR und 
etwaigen 
Instrumenten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
nach 
ihren 
Bedingungen oder zwingendem 
Recht gleichrangig mit Posten 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin sind, im Rang vor; und 
(b) 
rank senior to the obligations in 
respect of common equity tier 1 
items of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 26 CRR and any instru-
ments 
of 
the 
Issuer 
which 
pursuant 
to 
their 
terms 
or 
mandatory provisions of law rank 
pari passu with common equity 
tier 1 items; and 
(c) 
gehen die Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
den 
Vorrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
im 
Rang 
vollständig 
nach, 
so 
dass 
(c) 
shall be fully subordinated to the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the 
Issuer, so that in any such event 
no amounts shall be payable in 
respect of the Notes until the 
Senior Ranking Obligations of the

--- Page 234 ---
232 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in einem 
solchen Fall so lange nicht 
erfolgen, bis die Vorrangigen Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin voll-
ständig befriedigt sind. 
Issuer have been satisfied in full. 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
oder 
andere 
Eigenmittelinstrumente der Emittentin 
im Sinne von Artikel 4 Absatz 1 Nr. 119 
CRR qualifizieren, gehen gemäß § 46f 
Absatz 7a KWG die Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
Eigenmitteln vor. 
If the Notes in their entirety no longer 
qualify as AT1 Instruments or other 
own funds instruments within the 
meaning of Article 4(1) no. 119 CRR, 
the obligations under the Notes will, 
pursuant to § 46f(7a) KWG, rank in 
priority to all obligations under own 
funds instruments. 
(3) 
Definitionen. In 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
haben 
die 
folgenden 
Begriffe 
die 
folgenden 
Bedeutungen: 
(3) 
Definitions. In 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions the following terms shall 
have the following meanings: 
"AT1 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument der Emittentin, das 
zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als Instrument 
des zusätzlichen Kernkapitals gemäß 
Artikel 52 CRR qualifiziert. 
"AT1 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
an additional tier 1 instrument pursuant 
to Article 52 CRR at the relevant time. 
"CRR" bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) 
Nr. 
575/2013 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013, in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRR geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRR in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
CRR are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the CRR as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
"InsO" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Insolvenzordnung 
(InsO), 
in 
der 
Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der InsO 
geändert oder ersetzt werden, bezieht 
sich der Verweis auf Bestimmungen 
der InsO in diesen Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. 
die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"InsO" means the German Insolvency 
Statute (InsO), as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the InsO are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the InsO as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"KWG" bezeichnet das Gesetz über 
das Kreditwesen (Kreditwesengesetz – 
KWG), in der Fassung wie jeweils 
geändert 
oder 
ersetzt; 
soweit 
Bestimmungen des KWG geändert 
oder ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
"KWG" means the German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz 
– 
KWG), 
as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
KWG are amended or replaced, the 
reference to provisions of the KWG as

--- Page 235 ---
233 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen des KWG 
in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" bezeichnet jedes 
Kapitalinstrument oder nachrangige 
Darlehensinstrument der Emittentin, 
das zum jeweiligen Zeitpunkt als 
Ergänzungskapitalinstrument 
gemäß 
Artikel 63 CRR qualifiziert. 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any capital 
instrument 
or 
subordinated 
loan 
instrument of the Issuer that qualifies as 
a Tier 2 instrument pursuant to Article 
63 CRR at the relevant time. 
"Vorrangige Verbindlichkeiten" der 
Emittentin 
bezeichnet 
sämtliche 
folgenden 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin: 
"Senior Ranking Obligations" of the 
Issuer means any and all of the 
following obligations of the Issuer: 
(i) 
die 
nicht-nachrangigen 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin aus deren nicht 
bevorrechtigten, nicht nachran-
gigen Schuldtiteln im Sinne von 
§ 46f Absatz 6 Satz 1 KWG (auch 
in Verbindung mit § 46f Absatz 9 
KWG)); 
(i) 
the unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (including, but not 
limited to, obligations of the 
Issuer under its non-preferred 
senior debt instruments within the 
meaning of § 46f(6) sentence 1 
KWG (also in conjunction with 
§ 46f(9) KWG)); 
(ii) 
die in § 39 Absatz 1 Nr. 1 bis 5 
InsO 
bezeichneten 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin; 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer 
specified in § 39(1) nos. 1 to 5 
InsO; 
(iii) 
die 
nachrangigen 
Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die 
nicht gemäß § 2(2)(a) und (b) im 
gleichen Rang zu den Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
stehen oder diesen im Rang 
nachgehen;  
(iii) 
the subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not, pursuant 
to § 2(2)(a) and (b), rank pari 
passu with, or junior to, the 
obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes;  
(iv) 
andere 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, die nicht bereits von 
(i) bis (iii) erfasst sind und die 
gesetzlich (einschließlich gemäß 
§ 46f Absatz 7a Satz 3 KWG) 
vorrangig 
gegenüber 
AT1 
Instrumenten zu begleichen sind; 
und 
(iv) 
other obligations of the Issuer 
which pursuant to mandatory law 
(including pursuant to § 46f(7a) 
sentence 3 KWG) have to be 
satisfied with priority to AT1 
Instruments 
unless 
already 
captured in (i) through (iii); and 
(v)  
die 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin 
aus 
deren 
Tier 2 
Instrumenten. 
(v)  
the obligations of the Issuer 
under Tier 2 Instruments. 
(4) 
Unter Beachtung von § 2(2) bleibt es 
der 
Emittentin 
unbenommen, 
ihre 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch aus dem 
sonstigen 
freien 
Vermögen 
zu 
(4) 
Subject to § 2(2), the Issuer may satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes also 
from 
other 
distributable 
assets 
(sonstiges freies Vermögen) of the

--- Page 236 ---
234 
bedienen. 
Issuer. 
(5) 
Die Aufrechnung von Forderungen aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gegen 
Forderungen 
der 
Emittentin 
ist 
ausgeschlossen. 
Den 
Anleihegläubigern wird für ihre Rechte 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen keine 
Sicherheit oder Garantie gestellt; eine 
solche Sicherheit oder Garantie wird 
auch zu keinem späteren Zeitpunkt 
gestellt werden. Bereits gestellte oder 
zukünftig gestellte Sicherheiten oder 
Garantien 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
anderen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin haften nicht für Forderungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) 
No Noteholder may set off his claims 
arising under the Notes against any 
claims of the Issuer. No collateral or 
guarantee is, or shall at any time be, 
provided 
securing 
claims 
of 
the 
Noteholders under the Notes. Any 
collateral or guarantee already pro-
vided or granted in the future (as the 
case may be) in connection with other 
liabilities of the Issuer may not be used 
for claims under the Notes. 
(6) 
Zahlungsbedingungen, (vorinsolvenzli-
ches) Zahlungsverbot. 
(6) 
Payment Conditions, (Pre-Insolvency) 
Payment Prohibition. 
(a) 
Nachträglich 
können 
der 
Nachrang gemäß § 2(2) nicht 
beschränkt sowie die Laufzeit der 
Schuldverschreibungen und jede 
anwendbare 
Kündigungsfrist 
nicht verkürzt werden. Bereits vor 
der Vornahme von Abwicklungs-
maßnahmen in Bezug auf die 
Emittentin oder der Einleitung 
eines 
Insolvenz- 
oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin steht 
jede Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
dem Vorbehalt der Erfüllung der 
Bedingungen gemäß § 3(8) und 
jede Rückzahlung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nach Maßgabe von 
§ 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) oder § 5(5) 
und 
jeder 
Rückkauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
Maßgabe von § 10(2) unter dem 
Vorbehalt 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6). 
(a) 
No subsequent agreement may 
limit the subordination pursuant 
to § 2(2) or shorten the term of 
the Notes or any applicable 
notice period. Even prior to the 
imposition 
of 
any 
resolution 
measures upon the Issuer, or the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer, any payment of 
interest on the Notes will be 
subject to the conditions set forth 
in § 3(8) being fulfilled, and any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant 
to § 5(2), § 5(3), § 5(4) or § 5(5) 
and any repurchase of the Notes 
pursuant to § 10(2) will be subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption 
and Repurchase set forth in 
§ 5(6) being fulfilled. 
Zu den Bedingungen gemäß 
§ 3(8) und zu den Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen 
gemäß 
§ 5(6) 
gehört 
die 
Bedingung, dass an dem Tag, an 
dem der betreffende Betrag von 
Kapital oder Zinsen zur Zahlung 
vorgesehen 
ist, 
kein 
Eröff-
nungsgrund 
für 
ein 
The conditions set forth in § 3(8) 
and 
the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase set 
forth 
in 
§ 5(6) 
include 
the 
condition that, on the date on 
which the relevant amount of 
principal or interest is scheduled 
to be paid, no reason for the 
opening 
of 
insolvency

--- Page 237 ---
235 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
anwendbaren 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt (also (i) die Emittentin am 
Tag 
der relevanten Zahlung 
weder überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 InsO noch zahlungsunfähig 
im Sinne von § 17 InsO ist, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
betreffenden 
Betrages von Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führt und (iii) keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vorliegt). 
proceedings in respect of the 
Issuer in accordance with the 
applicable insolvency regulations 
exists (i.e. (i) the Issuer is neither 
over-indebted within the meaning 
of § 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of the relevant payment, (ii) the 
payment of the relevant amount 
of principal or interest would not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists). 
Das 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
bereits 
vor 
Einleitung eines Insolvenz- oder 
Liquidationsverfahrens über das 
Vermögen der Emittentin nur 
dann einen fälligen Anspruch auf 
die 
betreffende 
vorgesehene 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
oder 
Rückzahlung haben, sofern kein 
Eröffnungsgrund 
für 
ein 
Insolvenzverfahren im Sinne der 
anwendbaren 
insolvenzrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorliegt und die Zahlung des 
betreffenden Betrages nicht die 
Insolvenz 
der 
Emittentin 
verursachen oder den Prozess 
der Insolvenz der Emittentin 
beschleunigen würde. 
This means that already prior to 
the 
commencement 
of 
any 
insolvency 
or 
liquidation 
proceedings over the assets of 
the Issuer the Noteholders will 
only have a due (fällig) claim for 
the relevant scheduled payment 
of interest or for redemption if no 
reason 
for 
the 
opening 
of 
insolvency 
proceedings 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Issuer 
in 
accordance with the applicable 
insolvency regulations exists and 
if the payment of the relevant 
amount would not cause the 
insolvency of the Issuer or 
accelerate the process of the 
Issuer becoming insolvent. 
(b) 
Werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unter 
anderen als den in § 2(2) und 
§ 2(6)(a) 
beschriebenen 
Umständen zurückgezahlt oder 
von 
der 
Emittentin 
zurückerworben, 
so 
ist 
der 
zurückgezahlte 
oder 
gezahlte 
Betrag 
der 
Emittentin 
ohne 
Rücksicht auf entgegenstehende 
Vereinbarungen 
zurückzugewähren, sofern nicht 
die für die Emittentin zuständige 
Behörde der Rückzahlung oder 
dem Rückkauf zuvor zugestimmt 
hat. 
(b) 
If the Notes are redeemed or 
repurchased 
by 
the 
Issuer 
otherwise 
than 
in 
the 
circumstances 
described 
in 
§ 2(2) and § 2(6)(a), then the 
amounts redeemed or paid must 
be 
returned 
to 
the 
Issuer 
irrespective of any agreement to 
the 
contrary 
unless 
the 
competent authority of the Issuer 
has given its prior consent to 
such redemption or repurchase. 
(7) 
Hinweis 
auf 
die 
Möglichkeit 
von 
gesetzlichen 
Abwicklungsmaßnah-
(7) 
Note on the possibility of statutory 
resolution 
measures. Prior 
to 
any

--- Page 238 ---
236 
men. Die 
zuständige 
Abwicklungsbehörde kann nach den für 
die 
Emittentin 
geltenden 
Abwicklungsvorschriften 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen vor einer 
Insolvenz 
oder 
Liquidation 
der 
Emittentin 
herabschreiben 
(bis 
einschließlich 
auf 
null), 
in 
Geschäftsanteile, Aktien (soweit zum 
relevanten Zeitpunkt einschlägig) oder 
andere Eigentumstitel der Emittentin 
umwandeln 
oder 
sonstige 
Abwicklungsmaßnahmen treffen, ein-
schließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Übertragung der 
Verbindlichkeiten auf einen anderen 
Rechtsträger, 
einer 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
einer 
Löschung der Schuldverschreibungen. 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, 
under bank resolution laws applicable 
to the Issuer from time to time, the 
competent resolution authority may 
write down (including to zero) the 
obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes, convert them into company 
shares, shares (if existing at the 
relevant point of time) or other 
instruments of ownership of the Issuer 
or apply any other resolution measure, 
including (but not limited to) any 
transfer of the obligations to another 
entity, an amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions or a cancellation of the 
Notes. 
§ 3 
Zinsen 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1) 
Verzinsung, Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) 
Interest Calculation, Interest Payment 
Dates. 
(a) 
Vorbehaltlich des Ausschlusses 
der Zinszahlung nach § 3(8) wird 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ihren 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag 
ab 
dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn einfügen] 
(der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
verzinst. 
(a) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), each Note shall bear 
interest on its Current Nominal 
Amount 
from 
and 
including 
[insert 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date] 
(the 
"Interest 
Commencement 
Date") to but excluding the first 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
and 
thereafter from and including 
each Interest Payment Date to 
but excluding the next following 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Aktueller 
Nennbetrag" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung: 
(i) am 
Begebungstag 
den 
Ursprünglichen Nennbetrag und 
(ii) anschließend ihren ggf. um 
Herabschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) verminderten (soweit 
nicht durch Hochschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(10) 
kompensiert) 
ausstehenden Nennbetrag. 
"Current 
Nominal 
Amount" 
means, with respect to any Note: 
(i) at the issue date, the Original 
Nominal Amount of such Note 
and 
(ii) thereafter, 
the 
then 
outstanding nominal amount of 
such Note as reduced by any 
write-downs pursuant to § 5(9)(b) 
(to the extent not reinstated for by 
write-ups pursuant to § 5(10)). 
b) 
Zinsen sind vorbehaltlich des 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung 
nach 
§ 3(8) 
nachträglich 
an 
(b) 
Subject to a cancellation of 
interest payments pursuant to 
§ 3(8), 
interest 
shall 
be

--- Page 239 ---
237 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
zur 
Zahlung vorgesehen. 
scheduled to be paid in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinszahlungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstag 
einfügen] 
[und] 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage 
einfügen] 
eines 
jeden 
Jahres. 
Erster 
Zinszahlungstag ist der [ersten 
Zinszahlungstag einfügen] [im 
Fall 
einer 
kurzen 
ersten 
Zinsperiode 
einfügen: 
(kurze][im Fall einer langen 
ersten Zinsperiode einfügen: 
(lange] erste Zinsperiode). 
"Interest Payment Date" means 
[insert 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Date] [and] [insert 
further 
specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year. 
The first Interest Payment Date is 
[insert first Interest Payment 
Date] [in the case of a short first 
interest period, insert: (short][in 
the case of a long first interest 
period, insert: (long] first interest 
period). 
(c) 
Der zur Zahlung vorgesehene 
Zinsbetrag wird gemäß § 3(4)(a) 
berechnet. 
(c) 
The amount of interest scheduled 
to be paid will be determined in 
accordance with § 3(4)(a). 
(2) 
Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie in § 3(3) 
definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. The rate of interest 
(the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined in § 3(3)) 
will, except as otherwise provided 
below, be 
(a) 
für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag (wie in § 5(2) 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
ein 
fester Zinssatz in Höhe von 
[Zinssatz 
einfügen] % 
per 
annum, und 
(a) 
for the period from and including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date to but excluding the First 
Reset Date (as defined in § 5(2)) 
a fixed rate of [insert rate of 
interest] per cent. per annum, 
and 
(b) 
für den Zeitraum ab dem Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) und danach für 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
jedem 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Reset-Zeitraum") 
der 
betreffende Referenzsatz (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich 
der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge 
in Höhe von [ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge einfügen] % per 
annum16, 
(b) 
for the period from and including 
the First Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Reset Date 
and thereafter from and including 
each Reset Date to but excluding 
the next Reset Date (each a 
"Reset Period") the applicable 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
below) plus the initial credit 
spread of [insert initial credit 
spread] per cent. per annum17, 
wobei 
für 
die 
Bestimmung 
des 
provided that, for purposes of the 
 
16 
Dies entspricht der ursprünglichen Kreditmarge im Zeitpunkt der Preisfindung. 
17 
This equals the initial credit spread at the time of pricing.

--- Page 240 ---
238 
Zinssatzes ein Benchmarksatz, der 
nicht 
als 
halbjährlicher 
Satz 
ausgedrückt 
wird, 
zuzüglich 
der 
ursprünglichen Kreditmarge in Höhe 
von 
[ursprüngliche 
Kreditmarge 
einfügen] % per annum von einem 
Unabhängigen Berater in wirtschaftlich 
vernünftiger 
Weise 
in 
einen 
halbjährlichen Satz umgerechnet wird.] 
determination of a Rate of Interest that 
is based upon a Reference Rate 
determined 
on 
the 
basis 
of 
a 
benchmark rate that is not expressed 
as a semi-annual rate, the sum of such 
Reference Rate and the initial credit 
spread of [insert initial credit spread] 
per cent. will be converted by an 
Independent Advisor to a semi-annual 
rate in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(3) 
Referenzsatz. Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) bestimmt für jeden 
Zinsanpassungstag 
an 
dem 
betreffenden Zinsfestsetzungstag den 
jeweiligen 
Referenzsatz 
nach 
Maßgabe dieses § 3(3). 
(3) 
Reference Rate. The Calculation Agent 
(as defined in § 6) will determine the 
relevant Reference Rate in accordance 
with this § 3(3) for each Reset Date on 
the respective Interest Determination 
Date. 
Der "Referenzsatz" zu jedem Zins-
anpassungstag 
The "Reference Rate" for each Reset 
Date will be, 
(a) 
entspricht, 
solange 
kein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(f) definiert) eingetreten ist, 
(a) 
as long as no Benchmark Event 
(as defined in § 3(7)(f)) has 
occurred, 
(i) 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag; oder 
(i) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date; or 
(ii) 
dem Referenzbankensatz 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
falls 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
dem 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
nicht 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
angezeigt wird; 
(ii) 
the Reference Bank Rate 
on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date if the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
does not appear on the 
Screen Page as at such 
time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
wird, 
wenn 
ein 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
vorbehaltlich § 3 (7)(i) für jeden 
Reset-Zeitraum, der an oder 
nach 
dem 
Stichtag (wie 
in 
§ 3(7)(g) 
definiert) 
beginnt, 
gemäß § 3(7) bestimmt. 
(b) 
if 
a 
Benchmark 
Event 
has 
occurred, 
determined 
in 
accordance with § 3(7) for each 
Reset Period commencing on or 
after the Effective Date (as 
defined in § 3(7)(g)), subject to § 
3 (7) (i). 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"[5][●]-Jahres-Mid-Market-Swapsatz-
Angebotssätze" 
bezeichnet 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
von 
der 
jeweiligen Referenzbank zur Verfügung 
gestellten Geld – und Briefkurse, zu 
denen fixed-for-floating Swaps auf dem 
AUD –Swap – Markt angeboten und 
"[5][●]-year-Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations" means the arithmetic 
mean of the bid and offered rates 
provided by the relevant Reference 
Bank at which fixed-for-floating swaps 
in the AUD swap market are offered 
and bid by it at approximately 10:30 am

--- Page 241 ---
239 
von dieser um ca. 10:30 Uhr (Ortszeit 
in Sydney) am Zinsfestsetzungstag an 
Teilnehmer des AUD – Swap – Markts 
für einen Zeitraum von 5 Jahren 
angeboten 
werden, 
mit 
einer 
halbjährlichen 
festen 
und 
einer 
vierteljährlichen variablen Zinsseite. 
(local time in Sydney) on the Interest 
Determination Date to participants in 
the AUD swap market for a period of 5 
years, with a semi-annual fixed leg and 
a quarterly floating leg. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
Hauptniederlassung 
jeder 
Referenzbank 
bitten, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle ihre [5][●]-Jahres-
Mid-Market-Swapsatz-Angebotssätze 
mitzuteilen. 
The Issuer will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks 
to provide to the Calculation Agent a 
quotation of its [5][●]-year-Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnet 
fünf 
führende 
Swap-Händler 
im 
Interbankenmarkt. 
"Reference Banks" means five leading 
swap dealers in the interbank market. 
"Referenzbankensatz" 
bezeichnet 
den Prozentsatz, der auf der Grundlage 
der 
[5][●]-Jahres-Mid-Market-
Swapsatz-Angebotssätze 
ermittelt 
wird, die der Berechnungsstelle (wie in 
§ 6 definiert) um ca. 10:30 Uhr (Ortszeit 
Sydney) am Zinsfestsetzungstag von 
den Referenzbanken zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden. 
Falls mehr als drei Angebotssätze zur 
Verfügung gestellt werden, ist der Satz 
für 
den 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag das arithmetische 
Mittel dieser Angebotssätze, wobei der 
höchste 
Angebotssatz 
(bzw. 
bei 
mehreren 
gleich 
hohen 
Angebotssätzen einer dieser höchsten 
Sätze) und der niedrigste Angebotssatz 
(bzw. bei mehreren gleich niedrigen 
Angebotssätzen 
einer 
dieser 
niedrigsten 
Sätze) 
unberücksichtigt 
bleiben. 
Falls 
drei 
oder 
zwei 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
zur 
Verfügung gestellten Angebotssätze. 
Falls 
nur 
ein 
Angebotssatz 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
wird, 
ist 
der 
Referenzbankensatz der zur Verfügung 
gestellte Angebotssatz. Falls keine 
Angebotssätze zur Verfügung gestellt 
werden, ist der Referenzbankensatz 
der 
letzte 
jährliche 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz, 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Prozentsatz, 
der 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite verfügbar war. 
"Reference Bank Rate" means the 
percentage rate determined on the 
basis of the [5][●]-year-Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations provided by the 
Reference Banks to the Calculation 
Agent at approximately 10:30 a.m. 
(local time in Sydney) on the Interest 
Determination Date.  
If more than three quotations are 
provided, the rate for that Interest 
Determination 
Date 
will 
be 
the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If three or two quotations are provided, 
the Reference Bank Rate will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations 
provided. If only one quotation is 
provided, the Reference Bank Rate will 
be the quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Reference 
Bank Rate will be equal to the last 
available Original Benchmark Rate, 
expressed as a percentage, on the 
Screen Page.

--- Page 242 ---
240 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet jeden Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
das 
vom 
Eurosystem 
betriebene 
Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem oder jedes 
Nachfolgesystem 
geöffnet 
ist 
und 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte 
in Frankfurt am Main und Sydney für 
allgemeine Geschäfte geöffnet sind, 
einschließlich 
des 
Handels 
mit 
Devisen- 
und 
Fremdwährungseinlagen, 
und 
das 
Clearing System Zahlungen in AUD 
abwickelt. 
"Business Day" means any day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor 
system 
is 
open 
and 
commercial 
banks 
and 
foreign 
exchange markets in Frankfurt am Main 
and Sydney are open for general 
business, including dealing in foreign 
exchange 
and 
foreign 
currency 
deposits and the Clearing System 
settles payments in AUD. 
"Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet den vorherrschenden 5-
Jahres-AUD 
Semi-Semi Mid-Swap-
Referenzsatz um 10:30 Uhr (Ortszeit 
Sydney), welcher quartalsweise, unter 
Bezugnahme auf das arithmetische 
Mittel des 3-Monats-Swaps und des 6-
Monats-Swaps für einen Zeitraum von 
5 Jahren auf der Vierteljährlichen 
Basis-Bildschirmseite 
am 
maßgeblichen 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
angepasst wird. 
"Original Benchmark Rate" means 
the prevailing 5-Year AUD Semi-Semi 
Mid-Swap Reference Rate, at 10:30 am 
(local time in Sydney), adjusted on a 
quarterly basis by referencing the 
arithmetic mean of the 3-month vs 6-
month basis swap for a period of 5 
years on the Quarterly Basis Screen 
Page, on the Interest Determination 
Date. 
"5-Jahres-AUD 
Semi-Semi 
Mid-
Swap-Referenzsatz" bezeichnet den 
arithmetischen Mittelwert des Bid- und 
Offersatzes ausgedrückt in Prozent 
und erforderlichenfalls gerundet auf die 
nächsten 0,001 Prozent (wobei 0,0005 
Prozent aufgerundet werden), der 
Geld- 
und 
Briefkurse 
für 
AUD-
Swapgeschäfte mit einer Laufzeit von 5 
Jahren, die auf der Bildschirmseite um 
10:30 Uhr (Ortszeit in Sydney) am 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
angezeigt werden. 
"5-Year AUD Semi-Semi Mid-Swap 
Reference Rate" means the arithmetic 
mean of the Bid and Offer rate, 
expressed 
as 
a 
percentage 
and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards) of bid and offered 
swap rates for AUD swap transactions 
with a maturity of 5 years displayed on 
the Screen Page at 10:30 am (local 
time in Sydney) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. 
"Vierteljährliche 
Basis-
Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Bloomberg-Seite IAUS15 oder eine 
andere Seite, die diese auf dem 
genannten 
Informationsdienst 
oder 
einem 
anderen 
gleichwertigen 
Informationsdienst 
ersetzen 
kann, 
welcher von der Person benannt 
werden kann, die diese Informationen 
bereitstellt oder sponsert, um einen 
gleichwertigen 
oder 
vergleichbaren 
Basis-Swap auf dem AUD-Swap-Markt 
anzuzeigen. 
"Quarterly 
Basis 
Screen 
Page" 
means Bloomberg Page IAUS15 or 
such other page as it may replace it on 
that information service, or on such 
other equivalent information service as 
may be nominated by the person 
providing 
or 
sponsoring 
such 
information, 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
displaying equivalent or comparable 
basis swap in the AUD swap market. 
"Bildschirmseite" 
bezeichnet 
die 
"Screen Page" means Bloomberg

--- Page 243 ---
241 
Bloomberg-Bildschirmseite IAUS 10 
oder einer anderen Seite, die diese auf 
Bloomberg, oder gegebenenfalls auf 
einem 
anderen 
Informationsdienst 
ersetzen kann, in jedem Fall aber, wie 
diese von der Person benannt werden 
kann, welche die dort erscheinenden 
Informationen 
bereitstellt 
oder 
sponsert, um mit dem 5-Jahres-AUD 
Semi-Semi 
Mid-Swap-Referenzsatz 
vergleichbare Zinssätze anzuzeigen. 
page IAUS 10 or such other page as 
may replace it on Bloomberg or, as the 
case may be, on such other information 
service that may replace Bloomberg, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the 
person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates comparable 
to the 5-Year AUD Semi-Semi Mid-
Swap Reference Rate; 
"Zinsanpassungstag" bezeichnet den 
Ersten Zinsanpassungstag und jeden 
[fünften] [●] Jahrestag des jeweils 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Zinsanpassungstages. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset 
Date and any [fifth] [●] anniversary of 
the immediately preceding Reset Date. 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den [zweiten][●] Geschäftstag vor dem 
jeweiligen Zinsanpassungstag. 
"Interest Determination Date" means 
the [second][●] Business Day prior to 
the relevant Reset Date. 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
jeweiligen 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each period 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and 
from and including each Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
(4) 
Zinsbetrag. 
(4) 
Interest Amount. 
(a) 
Unverzüglich nach Bestimmung 
des Referenzsatzes wird die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
anwendbaren 
Zinssatz 
bestimmen und den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug 
auf den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechenden Zinsperioden bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag berechnen. 
Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, 
indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
auf 
den 
Aktuellen 
Nennbetrag angewendet werden. 
Der resultierende Betrag wird auf 
die 
kleinste 
Einheit 
der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder 
abgerundet, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
(a) 
The 
Calculation 
Agent 
will, 
without undue delay after the 
determination of the Reference 
Rate, determine the applicable 
Rate of Interest and calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes 
in respect of the Current Nominal 
Amount (subject to § 3(8)) for the 
relevant Interest Periods until the 
next Reset Date. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest and 
the Day Count Fraction (subject 
to § 3(8)) to the Current Nominal 
Amount 
and 
rounding 
the 
resultant figure to the nearest unit 
of the Specified Currency, with 
0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
Im Falle einer Herabschreibung 
In the event of a write-down

--- Page 244 ---
242 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für die 
gesamte 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode, in welcher diese 
Herabschreibung erfolgt, jeweils 
nur bezogen auf den dann 
Aktuellen Nennbetrag verzinst, 
der 
entsprechend 
reduziert 
wurde, wobei eine etwaige an 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß 
§ 5(10) 
erfolgende 
Hochschreibung 
für 
diese 
Zinsperiode 
unberücksichtigt 
bleibt und sich erst ab der 
Zinsperiode auswirkt, die an dem 
Hochschreibungstag gemäß § 
5(10)(d) beginnt, zu welchem die 
Hochschreibung erfolgt. 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b), each of the 
Notes shall for the full respective 
Interest Period in which such 
write-down occurs only bear 
interest on the then Current 
Nominal Amount which has been 
reduced accordingly; a potential 
write-up 
pursuant 
to 
§ 5(10) 
which may occur on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date will not be 
taken into account for such 
Interest Period and will only 
become 
effective 
from 
the 
Interest Period commencing on 
the Write-Up Date pursuant to § 5 
(10)(d) on which the write-up 
occurs. 
"Zinstagequotient" 
bezeichnet 
im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrages für einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"), 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an 
Interest Amount for any period of 
time (the "Interest Calculation 
Period"), 
(i) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
der 
Feststellungsperiode 
entspricht, in die er fällt, 
oder kürzer als diese ist, die 
Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert durch das Produkt 
aus (x) der Anzahl von 
Tagen in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und 
(y) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperioden, die 
üblicherweise 
in 
einem 
Jahr enden; und 
(i) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is equal to or shorter 
than 
the 
Determination 
Period during which it falls, 
the number of days in the 
Interest Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such 
Determination Period and 
(y) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally ending in any 
year; and 
(ii) 
wenn 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum länger als 
eine Feststellungsperiode 
ist, die Summe aus 
(ii) 
if the Interest Calculation 
Period is longer than one 
Determination Period, the 
sum of: 
(A) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
berechnungszeitrau
m, die in die Feststel-
lungsperiode 
fallen, 
in 
der 
der 
Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum 
beginnt, 
dividiert 
durch das Produkt 
(A) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
falling 
in 
the 
Determination Period 
in which the Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
begins divided by the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination

--- Page 245 ---
243 
aus (x) der Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperiode
n, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden; 
und 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year; 
and 
(B) 
die Anzahl der Tage 
in dem betreffenden 
Zins-
berechnungszeitrau
m, 
die 
in 
die 
nachfolgende 
Fest-
stellungsperiode 
fallen, dividiert durch 
das Produkt aus (x) 
der Anzahl der Tage 
in der betreffenden 
Feststellungsperiode 
und (y) der Anzahl 
der 
Feststellungsperiode
n, die üblicherweise 
in einem Jahr enden. 
(B) 
the number of days in 
such 
Interest 
Calculation 
Period 
falling in the next 
Determination Period 
divided 
by 
the 
product of (x) the 
number of days in 
such 
Determination 
Period and (y) the 
number 
of 
Determination 
Periods 
normally 
ending in any year. 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
Where: 
"Feststellungsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jede 
Periode 
ab 
einem 
Feststellungstermin 
(einschließlich), 
der 
in 
ein 
beliebiges Jahr fällt, bis zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich). 
"Determination Period" means 
each period from and including a 
Determination Date in any year to 
but 
excluding 
the 
next 
Determination Date. 
"Feststellungstermin" 
bezeichnet jeden [festgelegten 
Feststellungstermin einfügen] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
weiteren 
festgelegten 
Feststellungsterminen 
einfügen: 
und 
[weitere 
festgelegte 
Feststellungstermine 
einfügen]]. 
"Determination Date" means 
each 
[insert 
specified 
Determination Date] [in the 
case 
of 
further 
specified 
Determination Dates, insert: 
and [insert further specified 
Determination Dates]]. 
(b) 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz 
und 
der 
Zinsbetrag für 
die 
Zinsperioden bis zum nächsten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
der 
(i) 
Emittentin, der Zahlstelle und den 
Anleihegläubigern gemäß § 11 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount for the Interest 
Periods up to the next Reset Date 
to be notified (i) to the Issuer, to 
the Paying Agent and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with

--- Page 246 ---
244 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
Geschäftstag und (ii) jeder Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die 
Börse 
verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später 
als 
zu 
Beginn 
der 
Zinsperiode, 
für 
die 
der 
betreffende Zinssatz und der 
betreffende 
Zinsbetrag 
gilt, 
mitgeteilt werden. 
§ 11 as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no 
event 
later 
than 
the 
fourth 
Business Day thereafter and (ii), 
if required by the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time to time 
at the request of the Issuer, to 
such stock exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination, 
but in no event later than the first 
day of the Interest Period in 
relation to which the relevant 
Rate of Interest and the relevant 
Interest Amount applies. 
(c) 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Höhe der 
Zinszahlung wird nicht aufgrund 
der Bonität der Emittentin oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen 
Unternehmens angepasst. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
amount of the interest payment is 
not adjusted on the basis of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates. 
(5) 
Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Quotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke 
dieses 
§ 3 
gemacht, 
abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum 
vorliegt) 
für 
die 
Emittentin, 
die 
Zahlstelle und die Anleihegläubiger 
bindend. 
(5) 
Determinations Binding. All certificates, 
communications, 
opinions, 
determinations, 
calculations, 
quotations 
and 
decisions 
given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by 
the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(6) 
Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
endet 
mit 
Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum 
Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich 
festgelegten 
Zinssatzes 
für 
Verzugszinsen zu verzinsen.17 
(6) 
Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall 
cease to bear interest from the 
beginning of the day on which they 
become due for redemption. If the 
Issuer fails to make the relevant 
redemption payment under the Notes 
when due, each of the Notes will bear 
interest on its Current Nominal Amount 
from and including the due date to but 
excluding the day of actual redemption 
of the Notes at the statutory default rate 
of interest.18 
(7) 
Benchmark-Ereignis. Wenn ein Bench-
mark-Ereignis 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
(7) 
Benchmark Event. If a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to the Original 
 
17 
Der gesetzliche Zinssatz für Verzugszinsen liegt fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutschen Bundesbank jeweils 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB). 
18 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (BGB)).

--- Page 247 ---
245 
Ursprünglichen Benchmarksatz (oder 
eine Teilkomponente davon) eintritt, gilt 
für die Bestimmung des jeweiligen 
Referenzsatzes und den Reset des 
Zinssatzes 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
Folgendes: 
Benchmark Rate (or any component 
part thereof), the relevant Reference 
Rate and the reset of the Rate of 
Interest in accordance with this § 3(7) 
will be determined as follows: 
(a) 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
sich 
bemühen, sobald dies (nach 
Ansicht der Emittentin) nach 
Eintritt 
des 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses 
und 
vor 
dem 
nächsten 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
erforderlich 
ist, 
einen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
zu 
benennen, 
der 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen festlegt. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, as soon as this 
is (in the Issuer’s view) required 
following the occurrence of the 
Benchmark Event and prior to the 
next Interest Determination Date, 
endeavour 
to 
appoint 
an 
Independent Adviser who will 
determine a New Benchmark 
Rate, the Adjustment Spread and 
any Benchmark Amendments. 
(b) 
Wenn 
vor 
[dem 
zehnten 
Geschäftstag 
vor] 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
(b) 
If prior to the [tenth Business Day 
prior to the] relevant Interest 
Determination Date, 
(i) 
die 
Emittentin 
keinen 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
ernennt; oder 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to appoint 
an Independent Adviser; or 
(ii) 
der ernannte Unabhängige 
Berater 
keinen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festlegt, 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it has not 
determined 
a 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), 
dann entspricht der Referenzsatz 
für 
den 
unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
then 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
applicable to the immediately 
following Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate 
determined on the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(b) bereits im 
Hinblick 
auf 
den 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag angewendet 
werden muss, entspricht der 
"Referenzsatz" für den ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If this § 3(7)(b) is to be applied in 
respect of the First Reset Date, 
the "Reference Rate" applicable 
to the first Reset Period shall be 
the Original Benchmark Rate on 
the Reset Screen Page on the 
last day preceding the Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
Falls der gemäß diesem § 3(7)(b) 
If the fallback rate determined in

--- Page 248 ---
246 
bestimmte 
Ausweichsatz 
zur 
Anwendung kommt, wird § 3(7) 
erneut angewendet, um den 
Referenzsatz für den nächsten 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
(und, sofern notwendig, weitere 
nachfolgende Reset-Zeiträume) 
zu bestimmen. 
accordance with this § 3(7)(b) is 
to be applied, § 3(7) will be 
operated again to determine the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next subsequent Reset Period 
(and, 
if 
required, 
further 
subsequent Reset Periods). 
(c) 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz oder 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. Falls 
der Unabhängige Berater nach 
billigem Ermessen feststellt, 
(c) 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate. If 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines in its reasonable 
discretion that: 
(i) 
dass es einen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz gibt, dann 
ist 
dieser 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz der Neue 
Benchmarksatz; oder 
(i) 
there 
is 
a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate shall be 
the New Benchmark Rate; 
or 
(ii) 
dass es keinen Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz aber einen 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
gibt, 
dann 
ist 
dieser 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz 
der Neue Benchmarksatz, 
(ii) 
there 
is 
no 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate but that 
there 
is 
an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
then 
such 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
shall 
subsequently be the New 
Benchmark Rate, 
und 
dann 
entspricht 
der 
Referenzsatz für den unmittelbar 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
und 
alle 
folgenden 
Reset-
Zeiträume vorbehaltlich § 3(7)(i) 
dem Neuen Benchmarksatz an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
zuzüglich 
der Anpassungsmarge. 
and then the Reference Rate for 
the immediately following Reset 
Period and all following Reset 
Periods, subject to § 3(7)(i), will 
be the New Benchmark Rate on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date plus the 
Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark-Änderungen. Wenn 
ein Neuer Benchmarksatz und 
die 
entsprechende 
Anpassungsmarge 
gemäß 
diesem § 3(7) festgelegt werden, 
und 
wenn 
der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
feststellt, 
dass 
Änderungen hinsichtlich dieser 
Anleihebedingungen notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes 
und 
der 
entsprechenden 
Anpassungsmarge 
zu 
gewährleisten 
(diese 
Änderungen, die "Benchmark-
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments. If any 
relevant New Benchmark Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread 
are 
determined 
in 
accordance with this § 3(7), and if 
the 
Independent 
Adviser 
determines that amendments to 
these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper 
operation 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark 
Rate 
and 
the 
applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
"Benchmark 
Amendments"), 
then the Independent Adviser will 
determine 
the 
Benchmark

--- Page 249 ---
247 
Änderungen"), dann wird der 
Unabhängige 
Berater 
die 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
feststellen und die Emittentin wird 
diese 
durch 
eine 
Mitteilung 
gemäß 
§ 3(7)(e) 
bekanntmachen. 
Amendments and the Issuer will 
give notice thereof in accordance 
with § 3(7)(e). 
Diese 
Benchmark-Änderungen 
können insbesondere folgende 
Regelungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen erfassen: 
The Benchmark Amendments 
may comprise, in particular, the 
following conditions of these 
Terms and Conditions: 
(A) 
den 
Referenzsatz 
einschließlich 
der 
"Bildschirmseite" und/oder 
die 
Methode 
zur 
Bestimmung 
des 
Ausweichsatzes 
(sog. 
fallback) 
für 
den 
Referenzsatz einschließlich 
des 
Referenzbankensatzes; 
und/oder 
(A) 
the 
Reference 
Rate 
including 
the 
"Screen 
Page" and/or the method 
for determining the fallback 
rate in relation to the 
Reference Rate, including 
the Reference Bank Rate; 
and/or 
(B) 
die 
Definitionen 
der 
Begriffe 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Reset-Zeitraum", 
"Zahlungsgeschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsanpassungstag", 
"Zinsfestsetzungstag", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsperiode" 
(einschließlich 
der 
Festlegung 
ob 
der 
Referenzsatz 
vorausschauend vor oder 
zu Beginn der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
oder 
zurückblickend vor oder 
zum 
Ablauf 
der 
betreffenden 
Zinsperiode 
bestimmt wird); und/oder 
(B) 
the definitions of the terms 
"Business 
Day", 
"Reset 
Period", 
"Payment 
Business Day", "Interest 
Payment 
Date", 
"Reset 
Date", 
"Interest 
Determination Date", "Day 
Count 
Fraction" 
and/or 
"Interest Period" (including 
the determination whether 
the Reference Rate will be 
determined in advance on 
or prior to the relevant 
Interest Period or in arrear 
on or prior to the end of the 
relevant Interest Period); 
and/or 
(C) 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention 
gemäß § 4(5). 
(C) 
the 
business 
day 
convention in § 4(5). 
(e) 
Mitteilungen, etc. Die Emittentin 
hat einen Neuen Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
etwaige Benchmark-Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
der 
Zahlstelle 
und 
der 
Berechnungsstelle sowie gemäß 
§ 11 
den 
Anleihegläubigern
(e) 
Notices, etc. The Issuer will notify 
any New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
determined under this § 3(7) to 
the 
Paying 
Agent 
und 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
and, 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 11, 
the

--- Page 250 ---
248 
mitzuteilen, und zwar sobald eine 
solche Mitteilung (nach billigem 
Ermessen der Emittentin) nach 
deren Feststellung praktikabel 
ist[, spätestens jedoch an dem 
zehnten Geschäftstag vor dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfest-
setzungstag]. 
Eine 
solche 
Mitteilung ist unwiderruflich und 
hat den Stichtag zu benennen. 
Noteholders as soon as such 
notification is (in the Issuer’s 
reasonable 
discretion) 
practicable 
following 
the 
determination thereof[, but in any 
event no later than on the tenth 
Business Day prior to the relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date]. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the Effective 
Date. 
Der Neue Benchmarksatz, die 
Anpassungsmarge und etwaige 
Benchmark-Änderungen, 
die 
jeweils in der Mitteilung benannt 
werden, sind für die Emittentin, 
die 
Berechnungsstelle, 
die 
Zahlstelle, 
eventuelle 
weitere 
Zahlstellen 
und 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten ab 
dem Stichtag als durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz, 
die 
Anpassungsmarge 
und 
die 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen geändert. 
The New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any), 
each as specified in such notice, 
will be binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agent, any additional paying 
agents and the Noteholders. The 
Terms and Conditions shall be 
deemed to have been amended 
by the New Benchmark Rate, the 
Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any, 
with effect from the Effective 
Date. 
(f) 
Definitionen. Zur Verwendung in 
diesem § 3(7): 
(f) 
Definitions. As used in this § 3(7): 
Die "Anpassungsmarge", die 
positiv, negativ oder gleich Null 
sein kann, wird in Basispunkten 
ausgedrückt 
und 
bezeichnet 
entweder (a) die Spanne oder 
(b) das Ergebnis der Anwendung 
der Formel oder Methode zur 
Berechnung der Spanne, 
The 
"Adjustment 
Spread", 
which may be positive, negative 
or zero, will be expressed in basis 
points and means either (a) the 
spread or (b) the result of the 
operation of the formula or 
methodology for calculating the 
spread, 
(A) 
die im Fall eines Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatzes 
formell 
im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ersetzung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
durch 
den 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz von dem 
Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wird; oder 
(A) 
which in the case of a 
Successor 
Benchmark 
Rate, 
is 
formally 
recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
with 
the 
Successor 
Benchmark Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
or 
(B) 
die 
(sofern 
keine 
Empfehlung 
abgegeben 
wurde oder im Fall eines 
Alternativ-
Benchmarksatzes) an den 
internationalen 
(B) 
which 
(if 
no 
such 
recommendation has been 
made, or in the case of an 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate) is customarily applied 
to the New Benchmark

--- Page 251 ---
249 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, hilfsweise, an den 
internationalen 
Swapmärkten) 
auf 
den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
(oder eine Teilkomponente 
davon) 
üblicherweise 
angewendet wird, um einen 
industrieweit 
akzeptierten 
Ersatz-Benchmarksatz für 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz 
zu 
erzeugen, wobei sämtliche 
Feststellungen durch den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach billigem Ermessen 
vorgenommen werden. 
Rate (or any component 
part 
thereof) 
in 
the 
international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, 
the 
international 
swap 
markets) to produce an 
industry-accepted 
replacement 
benchmark 
rate 
for 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, provided 
that all determinations will 
be 
made 
by 
the 
Independent Adviser in its 
reasonable discretion. 
(C) 
sofern der Unabhängige 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen feststellt, dass 
keine 
solche 
Spanne 
üblicherweise angewendet 
wird, 
und 
dass 
das 
Folgende 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
angemessen 
ist 
als 
industrieweiter Standard für 
Over-the-Counter 
Derivatetransaktionen, die 
sich 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz beziehen, 
anerkannt und bestätigt ist, 
wenn der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz durch den 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz 
ersetzt worden ist, wobei 
sämtliche 
Feststellungen 
durch den Unabhängigen 
Berater 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
vorgenommen 
werden]. 
(C) 
if the Independent Adviser 
in its reasonable discretion 
determines that no such 
spread 
is 
customarily 
applied 
and 
that 
the 
following 
would 
be 
appropriate for the Notes is 
recognised 
or 
acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-
the-counter 
derivative 
transactions 
which 
reference 
the 
Original 
Benchmark Rate, where 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate has been replaced by 
the New Benchmark Rate, 
provided 
that 
all 
determinations 
will 
be 
made by the Independent 
Adviser in its reasonable 
discretion]. 
"Alternativ-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
alternative 
Benchmark 
oder 
einen 
alternativen Bildschirmsatz, die 
bzw. der üblicherweise an den 
internationalen 
Anleihekapitalmärkten 
(oder, 
hilfsweise, an den internationalen 
Swapmärkten) zur Bestimmung 
von Zinssätzen bzw. Mid-Swap-
Sätzen in Australischen Dollar 
angewendet 
wird, 
wobei 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" 
means an alternative benchmark 
or an alternative screen rate 
which is customarily applied in 
the international debt capital 
markets (or, alternatively, the 
international swap markets) for 
the purpose of determining rates 
of interest or mid swap rates, 
respectively in Australian dollars, 
provided that all determinations 
will be made by the Independent

--- Page 252 ---
250 
sämtliche Feststellungen durch 
den 
Unabhängigen 
Berater 
vorgenommen werden. 
Adviser. 
Ein "Benchmark-Ereignis" tritt 
ein, wenn: 
A "Benchmark Event" occurs if: 
(A) 
die Emittentin oder die 
Berechnungsstelle 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwenden darf, oder 
(A) 
it becomes unlawful for the 
Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to use the Original 
Benchmark Rate, or 
(B) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt 
oder der Administrator oder 
die 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
eine 
Erklärung 
veröffentlicht, 
dass der Administrator des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
die 
Berechnung 
und 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
dauerhaft oder für eine 
unbestimmte Zeit einstellt, 
oder 
(B) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
ceases to calculate and 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time or 
the administrator or its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
publishes 
a 
statement which states that 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
will cease to calculate and 
publish 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
for 
an 
indefinite period of time, or 
(C) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eine 
Erklärung oder Information 
veröffentlicht, 
dass 
eine 
wesentliche Änderung der 
Methode zur Berechnung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
eingetreten 
ist 
oder 
innerhalb eines bestimmten 
Zeitraums eintreten wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass (falls 
zutreffend) dieser Zeitraum 
verstrichen ist, oder 
(C) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
publishes a statement or 
information that a material 
change in the methodology 
of calculating the Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
has 
occurred or will occur within 
a specified period, provided 
that 
(where 
applicable) 
such period of time has 
lapsed, or 
(D) 
der 
Administrator 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(D) 
the administrator of the 
Original Benchmark Rate 
becomes insolvent or an

--- Page 253 ---
251 
zahlungsunfähig wird oder 
ein Insolvenz-, Konkurs-, 
Restrukturierungs- 
oder 
ähnliches Verfahren (den 
Administrator 
betreffend) 
durch den Administrator 
oder durch die Aufsichts- 
oder Regulierungsbehörde 
eingeleitet wurde, oder 
insolvency, a bankruptcy, 
restructuring 
or 
similar 
proceeding (affecting the 
administrator) 
is 
commenced 
by 
the 
administrator 
or 
its 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority, or 
(E) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Regulierungsbehörde des 
Administrators 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
abgegeben wird, in der 
angekündigt wird, dass der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
repräsentativ 
für 
die 
zugrundeliegende 
Markt- 
und Wirtschaftsrealität ist, 
die 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
messen 
soll, oder dies ab einem 
bestimmten 
künftigen 
Zeitpunkt nicht mehr sein 
wird, oder 
(E) 
a public statement by the 
supervisory or regulatory 
authority 
of 
the 
administrator of the Original 
Benchmark Rate is made 
announcing 
that 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no 
longer be, capable of being 
representative, or is non-
representative, 
of 
the 
underlying 
market 
and 
economic reality which the 
Original Benchmark Rate is 
intended to measure, or 
(F) 
der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz 
anderweitig eingestellt ist 
oder auf andere Weise 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung 
gestellt wird. 
(F) 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate is otherwise being 
discontinued or otherwise 
ceases to be provided. 
"Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet 
einen 
Nachfolger 
oder Ersatz des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes, der formell 
durch das Nominierungsgremium 
empfohlen wurde. 
"Successor Benchmark Rate" 
means 
a 
successor 
to 
or 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
which 
is 
formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
"Neuer 
Benchmarksatz" 
bezeichnet den jeweils gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) 
bestimmten 
Nachfolge-Benchmarksatz bzw. 
Alternativ-Benchmarksatz. 
"New Benchmark Rate" means 
the Successor Benchmark Rate 
or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Benchmark 
Rate 
determined in accordance with 
this § 3(7). 
"Nominierungsgremium" 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf die 
Ersetzung des Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente davon): 
"Relevant Nominating Body" 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
replacement 
of 
the 
Original 
Benchmark 
Rate 
(or 
any 
component part thereof): 
(A)
die Zentralbank für die 
(A)
the central bank for the

--- Page 254 ---
252 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird oder eine Zentralbank 
oder 
andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist; oder 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(B) 
jede Arbeitsgruppe oder 
jeden Ausschuss gefördert 
durch, 
geführt 
oder 
mitgeführt 
von 
oder 
gebildet 
von 
(a) 
der 
Zentralbank 
für 
die 
Währung 
in 
der 
die 
Benchmark 
oder 
der 
Bildschirmsatz dargestellt 
wird, (b) einer Zentralbank 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für 
die 
Aufsicht 
des 
Administrators 
der 
Benchmark 
oder 
des 
Bildschirmsatzes zuständig 
ist, (c) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderer Aufsichtsbehörden 
oder 
(d) 
dem 
Finanzstabilitätsrat 
(Financial Stability Board) 
oder Teilen davon. 
(B) 
any 
working 
group 
or 
committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of 
(a) the central bank for the 
currency 
to 
which 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which 
is 
responsible 
for 
supervising 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (c) a group 
of 
the 
aforementioned 
central 
banks 
or 
other 
supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof. 
"Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet ein von der Emittentin 
ernanntes 
unabhängiges 
Finanzinstitut mit internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen 
unabhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung 
in 
internationalen 
Kapitalmärkten. 
"Independent Adviser" means 
an 
independent 
financial 
institution of international repute 
or other independent financial 
adviser 
experienced 
in 
the 
international capital markets, in 
each case appointed by the 
Issuer. 
(g) 
Der Stichtag für die Anwendung 
des Neuen Benchmarksatzes, 
der Anpassungsmarge und der 
etwaigen 
Benchmark-
Änderungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 3(7) (der "Stichtag") ist der 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, der auf den 
frühesten der folgenden Tage fällt 
oder diesem nachfolgt: 
(g) 
The 
effective 
date 
for 
the 
application 
of 
the 
New 
Benchmark Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) determined 
under this § 3(7) (the "Effective 
Date") 
will 
be 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date falling on or 
after the earliest of the following 
dates:

--- Page 255 ---
253 
(A) 
den Tag des Eintritts des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (D) oder (F) der 
Definition 
des 
Begriffs 
"Benchmark-Ereignis" 
eingetreten ist; oder 
(A) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (D) or (F) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date of the occurrence of 
the Benchmark Event; or 
(B) 
den Tag, ab dem die 
Veröffentlichung 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatzes 
(oder 
einer 
Teilkomponente 
davon) eingestellt wird oder 
ab dem der Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz (oder eine 
Teilkomponente 
davon) 
eingestellt wird oder nicht 
länger 
als 
repräsentativ 
angesehen wird, wenn das 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
aufgrund der Absätze (B), 
(C) oder (E) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(B) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (B), (C) or (E) of the 
definition 
of 
the 
term 
"Benchmark Event", the 
date 
from 
which 
the 
Original Benchmark Rate, 
(or any component part 
thereof) 
ceases 
to 
be 
published, is discontinued 
or 
ceases 
to 
be 
representative, as the case 
may be; or 
(C) 
den Tag, ab dem der 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz nicht mehr 
verwendet 
werden 
darf, 
wenn 
das 
Benchmark-
Ereignis 
aufgrund 
des 
Absatzes (A) der Definition 
des Begriffs "Benchmark-
Ereignis" eingetreten ist; 
oder 
(C) 
if the Benchmark Event has 
occurred as a result of 
clause (A) of the definition 
of the term "Benchmark 
Event", the date from which 
the prohibition applies. 
(h) 
Wenn ein Benchmark-Ereignis in 
Bezug 
auf 
einen 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz eintritt, gilt dieser 
§ 3(7) 
entsprechend 
für 
die 
Ersetzung 
des 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatzes durch einen 
neuen 
Nachfolge-
Benchmarksatz bzw. Alternativ-
Benchmarksatz. In diesem Fall 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesem 
§ 3(7) 
auf 
den 
Begriff 
Ursprünglicher 
Benchmarksatz 
als Bezugnahme auf den zuletzt 
verwendeten 
Neuen 
Benchmarksatz. 
(h) 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to any New Benchmark 
Rate, this § 3(7) shall apply 
mutatis 
mutandis 
to 
the 
replacement 
of 
such 
New 
Benchmark Rate by any new 
Successor Benchmark Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, as 
the case may be. In this case, any 
reference in this § 3(7) to the term 
Original Benchmark Rate shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the 
New Benchmark Rate that last 
applied. 
(i) 
Eine 
Anpassung 
des 
Referenzsatzes gemäß diesem 
(i) 
No adjustment to the Reference 
Rate will be made in accordance

--- Page 256 ---
254 
§ 3(7) darf nicht durchgeführt 
werden, wenn und soweit diese 
Anpassung dazu führen würde, 
dass die Emittentin berechtigt 
wäre, die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen 
gemäß § 5(3) zurückzuzahlen. 
with this § 3(7) if and to the extent 
that 
as 
a 
result 
of 
such 
adjustment the Issuer would be 
entitled to redeem the Notes for 
regulatory reasons in accordance 
with § 5(3). 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) an einem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag nach Beginn 
des 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraums 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
nächsten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
dem 
an 
dem 
letzten 
zurückliegenden 
Zinsfestsetzungstag 
festgestellten 
Ursprünglichen 
Benchmarksatz. 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on 
an Interest Determination Date 
falling after the commencement 
of the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
next and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate determined on 
the 
last 
preceding 
Interest 
Determination Date. 
Falls dieser § 3(7)(i) bereits an 
dem Zinsfestsetzungstag für den 
ersten 
Reset-Zeitraum 
angewendet 
werden 
muss, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz für 
den 
ersten 
und 
jeden 
nachfolgenden 
Reset-Zeitraum 
Ursprünglichen Benchmark-Satz 
auf der Reset-Bildschirmseite an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestsetzungstag, 
an 
dem 
dieser 
Ursprüngliche 
Benchmarksatz angezeigt wurde. 
If this § 3(7)(i) is to be applied on 
the Interest Determination Date 
for the first Reset Period, the 
Reference Rate applicable to the 
first and each subsequent Reset 
Period shall be the Original 
Benchmark Rate on the Reset 
Screen Page on the last day 
preceding 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date on which 
such Original Benchmark Rate 
was displayed. 
(8) 
Ausschluss der Zinszahlung. 
(8) 
Cancellation of Interest Payment. 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat das Recht, 
jederzeit die Zinszahlung nach 
freiem 
Ermessen 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise entfallen zu lassen. Sie 
teilt 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
spätestens 
am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag gemäß § 11 mit, 
wenn sie von diesem Recht 
Gebrauch 
macht. 
Ein 
Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit der Entscheidung 
über 
das 
Entfallen 
der 
Zinszahlungen, führt in keinem 
Fall 
zu 
einer 
Pflicht 
der 
Emittentin, 
eine 
entfallene 
Zinszahlung zu einem späteren 
Zeitpunkt nachzuholen, und stellt 
in 
keinem 
Fall 
eine 
(a) 
The Issuer has the right, in its 
sole discretion and at any time, to 
cancel all or part of any payment 
of interest. If the Issuer exercises 
such right, it shall give notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance 
with § 11 without undue delay but 
no later than on the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date. 
Any 
failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the 
decision on the cancellation, shall 
in no event result in an obligation 
of the Issuer to make a cancelled 
interest payment at a later date 
and shall not constitute a default 
for any purpose. A notice which 
has not been given until the 
relevant Interest Payment Date 
shall be given without undue

--- Page 257 ---
255 
Pflichtverletzung dar. Eine bis 
zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag nicht erfolgte 
Benachrichtigung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
delay thereafter. 
(b) 
Eine 
Zinszahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen ist für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
ausgeschlossen 
und 
entfällt 
(ohne Einschränkung des Rechts 
der Emittentin nach § 3(8)(a)): 
(b) 
Payment of interest on the Notes 
for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be excluded and cancelled 
(without prejudice to the right of 
the Issuer pursuant to § 3(8)(a)): 
(i) 
soweit 
eine 
solche 
Zinszahlung zusammen mit 
(i) 
to the extent that such 
payment 
of 
interest 
together with 
(A) 
dem 
Betrag 
einer 
etwaigen 
Hochschreibung 
nach § 5(10), die zu 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
soll, 
(A) 
the amount of a write-
up, 
if 
any, 
in 
accordance 
with 
§ 5(10) to be effected 
as of the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, 
(B) 
den an dem selben 
Tag geplanten oder 
erfolgenden und den 
in 
dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
bereits 
erfolgten 
weiteren 
Ausschüttungen (wie 
in § 3(9) definiert) auf 
andere 
Kernkapitalinstrumen
te 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) und 
(B) 
any 
additional 
Distributions 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)) that 
are scheduled to be 
made or have been 
made on the same 
day or that have been 
made by the Issuer 
on 
other 
Tier 
1 
Instruments 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)) in 
the 
then 
current 
financial year of the 
Issuer and 
(C) 
dem 
Gesamtbetrag 
etwaiger 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
andere 
AT1 Instrumente, die 
zu dem betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
durchgeführt werden 
sollen oder in dem 
laufenden 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
durchgeführt wurden 
(C) 
the total amount of 
write-ups, if any, on 
any 
other 
AT1 Instruments 
to 
be effected as of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
or 
have been effected in 
the 
then 
current 
financial year of the 
Issuer 
die Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(9) 
definiert) 
übersteigen 
would exceed the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
(as 
defined in § 3(9)), provided

--- Page 258 ---
256 
würde, 
wobei 
die 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten für diesen Zweck 
um einen Betrag erhöht 
werden, der bereits als 
Aufwand 
für 
Ausschüttungen in Bezug 
auf Kernkapitalinstrumente 
(zur 
Klarstellung: 
einschließlich 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen) in 
die 
Ermittlung 
des 
Gewinns, 
der 
den 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
zugrunde 
liegt, 
eingegangen ist; oder 
that, for such purpose, the 
Available 
Distributable 
Items shall be increased by 
an amount equal to what 
has been accounted for as 
expenses for Distributions 
in 
respect 
of 
Tier 
1 
Instruments 
(for 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
including 
payments 
of 
interest on the Notes) in the 
determination of the profit 
on which the Available 
Distributable 
Items 
are 
based; or 
(ii) 
wenn 
und 
soweit 
eine 
zuständige 
Behörde 
anordnet, 
dass 
diese 
Zinszahlung 
insgesamt 
oder teilweise entfällt; oder 
(ii) 
if and to the extent that a 
competent authority orders 
that all or part of the 
relevant 
payment 
of 
interest be cancelled; or  
(iii)  ein anderes gesetzliches 
oder 
behördliches 
Ausschüttungsverbot oder 
irgendeine 
andere 
Beschränkung 
von 
Ausschüttungen unter den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
besteht 
(einschließlich, jedoch nicht 
ausschließlich, 
der 
Berechnung 
und 
der 
Einhaltung des Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrags); oder 
(iii) 
another 
prohibition 
of 
Distributions is imposed by 
law or an authority or any 
other restriction to make 
Distributions exists under 
the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations (including, but 
not 
limited 
to, 
the 
calculation of, and the 
compliance 
with, 
the 
Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount); or 
(iv) 
wenn die Emittentin am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
überschuldet im Sinne von 
§ 19 
InsO 
oder 
zahlungsunfähig im Sinne 
von § 17 InsO ist, soweit 
diese Zinszahlung zu einer 
Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin führen würde 
oder 
eine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin im Sinne von § 
18 InsO vorliegt. 
(iv) 
if 
the 
Issuer 
is 
over-
indebted 
within 
the 
meaning of § 19 InsO or 
illiquid within the meaning 
of § 17 InsO on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, to 
the extent that the relevant 
payment of interest would 
result 
in 
an 
over-
indebtedness or illiquidity of 
the Issuer or an imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the 
Issuer within the meaning 
of § 18 InsO exists. 
Die 
Emittentin 
teilt 
den 
The Issuer shall give notice to the

--- Page 259 ---
257 
Anleihegläubigern spätestens am 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
gemäß § 11 mit, wenn und in 
welcher Höhe eine Zinszahlung 
nach § 3(8)(b) ausgeschlossen 
ist und entfällt. Ein Unterlassen 
der 
Benachrichtigung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger berührt nicht die 
Wirksamkeit des Ausfalls der 
Zinszahlungen 
und 
stellt 
in 
keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. Eine bis zum 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
nicht erfolgte Benachrichtigung 
ist unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 11 no later than on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date if, and to 
the extent, a payment of interest 
is 
excluded 
and 
cancelled 
pursuant to § 3(8)(b). Any failure 
to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of the cancellation and 
shall not constitute a default of 
the Issuer for any purpose. A 
notice which has not been given 
until 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date shall be given 
without undue delay thereafter. 
(c) 
Aufgelaufene aber nicht gezahlte 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bis 
(einschließlich) 
einem 
Auslöseereignis (wie in § 5(9)(a) 
definiert) (unabhängig davon, ob 
solche Zinsen fällig geworden 
sind) entfallen automatisch. Zur 
Klarstellung, aufgelaufene aber 
nicht gezahlte Zinsen ab dem 
Auslöseereignis 
bis 
zur 
Herabschreibung 
entfallen 
ebenfalls 
automatisch, 
selbst 
wenn 
keine 
entsprechende 
Mitteilung gemacht wurde. 
(c) 
Any accrued but unpaid interest 
on the Notes up to (and including) 
a Trigger Event (as defined in 
§ 5(9)(a)) (whether or not such 
interest has become due for 
payment) will be automatically 
cancelled. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any accrued but unpaid 
interest from the Trigger Event up 
to the write-down date will also be 
automatically cancelled even if no 
notice has been given to that 
effect. 
(d) 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, die 
Mittel 
aus 
entfallenen 
Zinszahlungen uneingeschränkt 
zur 
Erfüllung 
ihrer 
eigenen 
Verpflichtungen 
zu 
nutzen. 
Soweit Zinszahlungen entfallen, 
schließt dies sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge (wie in § 7(1) definiert) 
ein. Entfallene Zinszahlungen 
werden nicht nachgezahlt. 
(d) 
The Issuer is entitled to use the 
funds from cancelled payments of 
interest without restrictions for the 
fulfilment of its own obligations. 
To the extent that payments of 
interest 
are 
cancelled, 
such 
cancellation 
includes 
all 
Additional Amounts (as defined in 
§ 7(1)) payable pursuant to § 7. 
Any payments of interest which 
have been cancelled will not be 
made at any later date. 
(e) 
Das Entfallen einer Zinszahlung 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
(e) 
The cancellation of any interest 
payment shall not entitle the 
Noteholders to terminate the 
Notes and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer for any 
purpose. 
(9) 
Bestimmte Definitionen. 
(9) 
Certain Definitions. 
"Anwendbare 
Aufsichtsrechtliche 
Vorschriften" bezeichnet die jeweils 
gültigen, 
sich 
auf 
die 
"Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations" means the provisions of 
bank 
supervisory 
laws 
and 
any

--- Page 260 ---
258 
Kapitalanforderungen, die Solvabilität, 
andere 
Aufsichtsanforderungen 
und/oder Abwicklung der Emittentin 
und/oder der jeweiligen Institutsgruppe, 
zu 
der 
die 
Emittentin 
gehört, 
beziehenden 
Vorschriften 
des 
Bankaufsichtsrechts und der darunter 
fallenden 
Verordnungen 
(einschließlich, 
jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich, der jeweils geltenden 
Leitlinien 
und 
Empfehlungen 
der 
Europäischen 
Bankaufsichtsbehörde 
und/oder 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank, der Verwaltungspraxis 
einer 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
den 
einschlägigen 
Entscheidungen 
der 
Gerichte 
und 
den 
anwendbaren 
Übergangsbestimmungen). 
regulations and other rules thereunder 
applicable from time to time (including, 
but not limited to, the guidelines and 
recommendations of the European 
Banking Authority and/or the European 
Central 
Bank, 
the 
administrative 
practice of any competent authority, 
any applicable decision of a court and 
any applicable transitional provisions) 
relating to capital adequacy, solvency, 
other prudential requirements and/or 
resolution and applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the banking group to which the 
Issuer belongs from time to time. 
"Ausschüttung" bezeichnet jede Art 
der Auszahlung von Dividenden oder 
Zinsen. 
"Distribution" means any kind of 
payment of dividends or interest. 
"Ausschüttungsfähige 
Posten" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinszahlung die ausschüttungsfähigen 
Posten 
wie 
jeweils 
in 
den 
im 
betreffenden Zeitpunkt Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften, zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Artikel 4 
Absatz 1 Nr. 128 CRR definiert; zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet 
dieser Begriff den Gewinn am Ende des 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftsjahres der Emittentin, für das 
ein testierter Jahresabschluss vorliegt, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Gewinne 
und 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
verfügbare 
Rücklagen, 
vor 
der 
Ausschüttung an die Eigner von 
Eigenmittelinstrumenten, 
jedoch 
abzüglich 
etwaiger 
vorgetragener 
Verluste und gemäß anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften der Europäischen 
Union oder Deutschlands oder der 
Satzung 
der 
Emittentin 
nicht 
ausschüttungsfähiger Gewinne und in 
die 
gemäß 
anwendbarer 
Rechtsvorschriften Deutschlands oder 
der Satzung der Emittentin nicht 
ausschüttungsfähigen 
Rücklagen 
eingestellter Beträge, jeweils in Bezug 
auf 
die 
spezifische 
"Available 
Distributable 
Items" 
means, with respect to any payment of 
interest, the distributable items as 
defined in the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations from time to time, at the 
time of issuance of the Notes in 
Article 4(1) no. 128 CRR; at the time of 
the issuance of the Notes, such term 
refers to the profit as of the end of the 
financial year of the Issuer immediately 
preceding 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date, for which audited 
annual 
financial 
statements 
are 
available, plus any profits brought 
forward and reserves available for that 
purpose, before distributions to holders 
of own funds instruments, less any 
losses brought forward and any profits 
which are non-distributable pursuant to 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
association of the Issuer and any sums 
placed in non-distributable reserves in 
accordance with the applicable laws of 
Germany or the articles of association 
of the Issuer, in each case with respect 
to the specific category of own funds of 
the Notes as AT1 Instruments to which 
the applicable laws of the European 
Union or Germany or the articles of 
associations of the Issuer relate, 
provided that the distributable items 
and the relevant profits, losses and

--- Page 261 ---
259 
Eigenmittelkategorie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente, 
auf 
die 
sich 
die 
anwendbaren Rechtsvorschriften der 
Europäischen 
Union 
oder 
Deutschlands oder die Satzung der 
Emittentin 
beziehen, 
wobei 
die 
ausschüttungsfähigen Posten und die 
betreffenden Gewinne, Verluste und 
Rücklagen 
ausgehend 
von 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss 
der Emittentin (und nicht auf der Basis 
eines etwaigen Konzernabschlusses) 
festgestellt werden. 
reserves shall be determined on the 
basis of the unconsolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with German commercial 
law (and not on the basis of its 
consolidated financial statements, if 
any). 
"CRD" 
bezeichnet 
die 
Richtlinie 
2013/36/EU 
des 
Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 26. 
Juni 2013 über den Zugang zur 
Tätigkeit von Kreditinstituten und die 
Beaufsichtigung von Kreditinstituten 
und Wertpapierfirmen, zur Änderung 
der Richtlinie 2002/87/EG und zur 
Aufhebung der Richtlinien 2006/48/EG 
und 2006/49/EG, in der Fassung wie 
jeweils geändert oder ersetzt; soweit 
Bestimmungen der CRD geändert oder 
ersetzt werden, bezieht sich der 
Verweis auf Bestimmungen der CRD in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die 
jeweils 
geänderten 
Bestimmungen 
bzw. die Nachfolgeregelungen. 
"CRD" means Directive 2013/36/EU of 
the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential 
supervision 
of 
credit 
institutions 
and 
investment 
firms, 
amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced 
from time to time; to the extent that any 
provisions of the CRD are amended or 
replaced, the reference to provisions of 
the CRD as used in these Terms and 
Conditions shall refer to such amended 
provisions or successor provisions from 
time to time. 
"Kernkapitalinstrumente" bezeichnet 
Kapitalinstrumente, die im Sinne der 
CRR zu den Instrumenten des harten 
Kernkapitals 
oder 
zu 
den 
AT1 
Instrumenten zählen. 
"Tier 1 Instruments" means capital 
instruments which, according to the 
CRR, qualify as common equity tier 1 
capital or AT1 Instruments. 
"Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähiger 
Betrag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
(in 
gegenwärtiger 
Umsetzung 
von 
Artikel 141(2) CRD in deutsches Recht) 
nach § 10 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Nr. 5 e) KWG 
i.V.m. § 37 SolvV ermittelten maximal 
ausschüttungsfähigen Betrag für die 
kombinierte 
Kapitalpufferanforderung 
nach § 10i KWG. 
"Maximum Distributable Amount" 
means the maximum distributable 
amount determined in accordance with 
§ 10(1) sentence 1 no. 5 (e) KWG in 
connection with § 37 SolvV for the 
combined capital buffer requirement in 
accordance with § 10i KWG (currently 
transposing Article 141(2) CRD into 
German law). 
"SolvV" bezeichnet die Verordnung zur 
angemessenen Eigenmittelausstattung 
von 
Instituten, 
Institutsgruppen, 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
und 
gemischten 
Finanzholding-Gruppen 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), in 
der Fassung wie jeweils geändert oder 
ersetzt; soweit Bestimmungen der 
"SolvV" means the regulation on the 
capital adequacy of institutions, groups 
of institutions, financial holding groups 
and mixed financial holding groups 
(Solvabilitätsverordnung – SolvV), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
to the extent that any provisions of the 
SolvV are amended or replaced, the

--- Page 262 ---
260 
SolvV geändert oder ersetzt werden, 
bezieht 
sich 
der 
Verweis 
auf 
Bestimmungen der SolvV in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die jeweils 
geänderten Bestimmungen bzw. die 
Nachfolgeregelungen. 
reference to provisions of the SolvV as 
used in these Terms and Conditions 
shall refer to such amended provisions 
or successor provisions from time to 
time. 
§ 4 
Zahlungen 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1) 
Allgemeines. 
(1) 
General. 
(a) 
Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems 
außerhalb 
der 
Vereinigten Staaten. 
(a) 
Payment of Principal. Payment of 
principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in accordance with 
§ 4(2) to the Clearing System or 
to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System 
outside the United States. 
(b) 
Zahlungen 
von 
Zinsen. Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten 
der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearing 
Systems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest. Payment of 
interest on Notes shall be made 
in accordance with § 4(2) to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the 
relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich 
geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften 
erfolgen zu 
leistende 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
in 
der 
festgelegten Währung. 
(2) 
Manner 
of 
Payment. Subject 
to 
applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due 
in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
(3) 
Vereinigte Staaten. Für die Zwecke des 
§ 4(1) bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten 
und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(3) 
United States. For the purposes of § 4 
(1), "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) 
and its possessions (including Puerto 
Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
(4) 
Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch 
Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) 
Discharge. The 
Issuer 
shall 
be 
discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the Clearing System. 
(5) 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag. Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag für eine Zahlung von 
(5) 
Payment Business Day. If the date for 
payment of any principal or interest in

--- Page 263 ---
261 
Kapital oder Zinsen in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, 
der kein Zahlungsgeschäftstag ist, 
dann 
haben 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem 
nächsten Zahlungsgeschäftstag und 
sind nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen 
oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verschiebung zu verlangen. 
respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Noteholders 
shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next Payment Business Day and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
Für 
diese 
Zwecke 
bezeichnet 
"Zahlungsgeschäftstag" jeden Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
an dem das Clearing System operativ 
ist und der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
For 
these 
purposes 
"Payment 
Business Day" means any day (other 
than Saturday or Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System is operative and which 
is a Business Day. 
(6) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge ein: den Aktuellen Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sowie 
sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, 
soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß 
§ 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) ein. 
(6) 
References 
to 
Principal 
and 
Interest. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, the following amounts: 
the Current Nominal Amount of the 
Notes and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of 
the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7 (as 
defined in § 7(1)). 
(7) 
Hinterlegung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
beim Amtsgericht Stuttgart Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Anleihegläubigern nicht innerhalb 
von 
zwölf 
Monaten 
nach 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht 
worden 
sind, auch wenn die Anleihegläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt 
und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet 
wird, 
erlöschen 
die 
jeweiligen 
Ansprüche 
der 
Anleihegläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(7) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. The 
Issuer may deposit with the local court 
in Stuttgart amounts of interest or 
principal 
not 
claimed 
by 
the 
Noteholders within twelve months after 
the due date, even though such 
Noteholders may not be in default of 
acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that such deposit is effected and 
the right of withdrawal is waived, the 
respective claims of such Noteholders 
against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
Rückzahlung; Herabschreibungen; 
Hochschreibungen 
§ 5 
Redemption; Write-downs; Write-ups 
(1) 
Keine 
Endfälligkeit. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen haben keinen 
Endfälligkeitstag. 
(1) 
No Scheduled Maturity. The Notes 
have no scheduled maturity date. 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
(außer im Falle einer Kündigung 
gemäß § 5(2)-(5))
nur im Fall der 
Other than in the event of a redemption 
in accordance with § 5(2)-(5) the Notes 
shall become immediately due and

--- Page 264 ---
262 
Liquidation der Emittentin vorbehaltlich 
§ 2 zur sofortigen Rückzahlung fällig. 
payable only in the event of the 
liquidation of the Issuer, subject to § 2. 
(2) 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
zu jedem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
zur 
Rückzahlung fällig zu stellen und 
zurückzuzahlen. 
(2) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. The Issuer may, subject to the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, with effect as of any Optional 
Redemption Date (as defined below). 
"Optionaler 
Rückzahlungstag" 
bezeichnet:  
"Optional Redemption Date" means:  
[(i) 
jeden 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
während des Zeitraums ab dem [●]18 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
[und]] 
[(i) each Payment Business Day during 
the period from and including [●]19 up to 
and excluding the First Reset Date 
[and]] 
[(i)][(ii)] [den Ersten Zinsanpassungstag 
[und]]; 
[(i)][(ii)] [the First Reset Date [and]]; 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
jeden auf den Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag 
folgenden 
[Zinsanpassungstag] 
[Zinszahlungstag]. 
[(i)][(ii)][(iii)] 
each 
[Reset 
Date] 
[Interest Payment Date] after the First 
Reset Date. 
"Erster 
Zinsanpassungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[Ersten 
Zinsanpassungstag einfügen]. 
"First Reset Date" means [insert First 
Reset Date]. 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(2) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an dem Optionalen Rückzahlungstag 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dem 
Optionalen Rückzahlungstag zu ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum Optionalen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
(vorbehaltlich eines Ausschlusses der 
Zinszahlung nach § 3(8)) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(2), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the Optional Redemption 
Date, the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
Optional Redemption Date on the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
(3) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
regulatorischen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
(3) 
Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons. The Issuer may, subject to 
 
18 
[●] Monate vor dem Ersten Zinsanpassungstag, jedenfalls nicht früher als vor Ablauf von 5 Jahren ab  Valuta. 
19 
[●] months prior to the First Reset Date, and in no event earlier than 5 years from the date of issue.

--- Page 265 ---
263 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die aufsichtsrechtliche Einstufung der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert, was 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if there is a change 
in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes that 
(a) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
zu 
bestimmen) 
auf 
Einzelinstitutsbasis 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde; oder 
(a) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
solo basis) would, on a solo basis 
of the Issuer, be likely to result in 
(i) their exclusion in full or in part 
from the Issuer’s own funds 
under 
the 
CRR 
or 
(ii) 
a 
reclassification as a lower quality 
form of the Issuer’s own funds 
than their classification as of the 
issue date; or 
(b) 
(wenn und solange die Emittentin 
durch Gesetz oder durch eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
auf 
konsolidierter der Emittentin zu 
bestimmen) auf konsolidierter 
Ebene 
der 
Emittentin 
wahrscheinlich 
zu 
(i) 
ihrem 
vollständigen 
oder 
teilweisen 
Ausschluss von den Eigenmitteln 
der Emittentin im Sinne der CRR 
oder (ii) ihrer Neueinstufung als 
Eigenmittel geringerer Qualität 
als am Begebungstag führen 
würde, 
(b) 
(if and as long as the Issuer is 
obliged by law or administrative 
order to determine the Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio on a 
consolidated basis) would, on a 
consolidated basis of the Issuer, 
be likely to result in (i) their 
exclusion in full or in part from the 
Issuer’s own funds under the 
CRR or (ii) a reclassification as a 
lower quality form of the Issuer’s 
own funds than their classification 
as of the issue date, 
vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
bei 
einer 
Rückzahlung 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag des Tags der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(a) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn (i) sie es für 
ausreichend sicher hält, dass eine 
Änderung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen 
provided that in respect of a redemption 
prior to the fifth anniversary of the issue 
date of the Notes the conditions in 
Article 78(4)(a) CRR are met, pursuant 
to which the competent authority may 
approve such redemption only if (i) it 
considers the change in the regulatory 
classification to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrated to its 
satisfaction 
that 
the 
regulatory

--- Page 266 ---
264 
Einstufung 
stattfindet 
und 
(ii) die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen 
hat, 
dass 
die 
aufsichtsrechtliche Neueinstufung am 
Begebungstag nicht vorherzusehen 
war. 
reclassification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der vollständige oder 
teilweise 
Ausschluss 
von 
den 
Eigenmitteln 
infolge 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) 
begründet kein Kündigungsrecht nach 
§ 5(3). 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
exclusion in full or in part from the own 
funds due to a write-down pursuant to 
§ 5(9)(b) does not constitute a right to 
redeem under § 5(3). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(3) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag erfüllt sind, ist die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (der 
ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein muss) 
zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(3), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption on the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(4) 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Erfüllung 
der 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
berechtigt, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
jederzeit zur Rückzahlung fällig zu 
stellen und zurückzuzahlen, falls sich 
die 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in Folge einer 
nach 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
eingetretenen 
Rechts- 
oder 
Rechtsprechungsänderung, 
einschließlich 
(jedoch 
nicht 
ausschließlich) einer Änderung von 
steuerrechtlichen 
Gesetzen, 
Regelungen oder Verfahrensweisen, 
ändert (d.h. im Hinblick auf die 
steuerliche Abzugsfähigkeit der unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Zinsen 
oder 
die 
(4) 
Redemption 
for 
Reasons 
of 
Taxation. The Issuer may, subject to 
the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, redeem the Notes, in whole but not 
in part, upon [not less than 10 and not 
more than 30 Business Days’] [●] prior 
notice, at any time if the tax treatment 
of the Notes, due to a change in 
applicable 
legislation 
or 
relevant 
jurisprudence, including (but not limited 
to) a change in any fiscal legislation, 
rules or practices, which takes effect 
after the Interest Commencement 
Date, changes (i.e. the tax deductibility 
of interest payable on the Notes or the 
obligation to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7(1))) and, in respect of 
a 
redemption 
prior 
to 
the 
fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of the 
Notes, the conditions in Article 78(4)(b) 
CRR are met, pursuant to which the 
competent authority may approve such 
redemption only if there is a change in

--- Page 267 ---
265 
Verpflichtung 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7(1) 
definiert)) und, bei einer Rückzahlung 
vor dem fünften Jahrestag des Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
die 
Bedingungen in Artikel 78(4)(b) CRR 
erfüllt sind, nach denen die zuständige 
Behörde eine solche Rückzahlung nur 
gestatten kann, wenn sich die geltende 
steuerliche 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ändert und die 
Emittentin 
ihr 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hat, dass die Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
wesentlich ist und am Begebungstag 
nicht vorherzusehen war. 
the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes which the Issuer demonstrated 
to its satisfaction is material and was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the issue 
date. 
Eine 
Änderung 
der 
steuerlichen 
Behandlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, die zu einem 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Steuern auf 
die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
zahlenden Beträge führt, die jedoch zu 
keiner Verpflichtung der Emittentin zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7(1) definiert) führt, begründet 
kein Kündigungsrecht gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4). 
Any change in the tax treatment of the 
Notes resulting in a withholding or 
deduction of taxes on amounts payable 
in respect of the Notes which, however, 
do not create an obligation of the Issuer 
to pay Additional Amounts (as defined 
in § 7(1)), will not constitute a right to 
redeem the Notes pursuant to this 
§ 5(4). 
Wenn die Emittentin gemäß diesem 
§ 5(4) die Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und 
wenn 
die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen gemäß § 5(6) 
an 
dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(der 
ein 
Zahlungsgeschäftstag 
sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
ist 
die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in 
§ 5(7) definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach 
§ 3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
If the Issuer exercises its call right in 
accordance with this § 5(4), and if the 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) are 
fulfilled on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day), the Issuer will redeem the Notes 
at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption on the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(5) 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin [75][●]% oder mehr des 
Gesamtnennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückgekauft 
und 
jeweils 
(5) 
Redemption for Minimal Outstanding 
Aggregate Principal Amount. In case 
[75][●] per cent. or more of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
have been redeemed or repurchased 
by the Issuer, and in each case, 
cancelled, the Issuer may, upon [not

--- Page 268 ---
266 
entwertet hat, kann die Emittentin, mit 
einer Frist von [nicht weniger als 10 und 
nicht mehr als 30 Geschäftstagen] [●], 
nachdem sie gemäß diesem § 5(5) die 
Rückzahlung erklärt hat, und wenn die 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkauf-
bedingungen gemäß § 5(6) an dem für 
die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(der ein Zahlungsgeschäftstag sein 
muss) 
erfüllt 
sind, 
die 
übrigen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, 
aber nicht teilweise an dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie in § 5(7) 
definiert), zuzüglich bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten 
Tag 
(ausschließlich) (vorbehaltlich eines 
Ausschlusses der Zinszahlung nach § 
3(8)) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
less than 10 and not more than 30 
Business Days’] [●] prior notice, subject 
to the Conditions to Redemption and 
Repurchase pursuant to § 5(6) being 
met, 
exercise 
its 
call 
right 
in 
accordance with this § 5(5) and redeem 
the remaining Notes, in whole but not in 
part, on the date fixed for redemption 
(which must be a Payment Business 
Day) at their Redemption Amount (as 
defined in § 5(7)) together with interest 
(if 
any) 
accrued 
(subject 
to 
a 
cancellation 
of 
interest 
payment 
pursuant to § 3(8)) to but excluding the 
date fixed for redemption. 
(6) 
Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen. Eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesem § 5 und 
ein Rückkauf nach § 10(2) unterliegt 
den 
folgenden 
Bedingungen 
(die 
"Rückzahlungs- 
und 
Rückkaufbedingungen"): 
(6) 
Conditions 
to 
Redemption 
and 
Repurchase. Any redemption pursuant 
to this § 5 and any repurchase pursuant 
to § 10(2) is subject to the following 
conditions 
(the 
"Conditions 
to 
Redemption and Repurchase"): 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat von der für die 
Emittentin 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde die vorherige 
Zustimmung nach Art. 77, 78 
CRR 
(oder 
einer 
Nachfolgebestimmung) für die 
Rückzahlung oder den Rückkauf 
erhalten. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
setzt 
eine Zustimmung gemäß Artikel 
77, 78 CRR voraus, dass eine der 
folgenden Bedingungen erfüllt ist: 
(a) 
The Issuer has obtained the prior 
consent 
of 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority for the 
redemption or any repurchase in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
(or 
any 
successor 
provision). At the time of the 
issuance 
of 
the 
Notes, 
permission pursuant to Articles 
77, 78 CRR requires that either of 
the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
die Emittentin ersetzt die 
Schuldverschreibungen vor 
oder gleichzeitig mit der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
durch 
Eigenmittelinstrumente 
zumindest gleicher Qualität 
zu Bedingungen, die im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Ertragsmöglichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin nachhaltig sind; 
oder 
(i) 
before or at the same time 
as the redemption or the 
repurchase, 
the 
Issuer 
replaces the Notes with 
own funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of 
the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
die 
Emittentin 
hat 
der 
(ii) 
the 
Issuer 
has

--- Page 269 ---
267 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
hinreichend nachgewiesen, 
dass ihre Eigenmittel und 
berücksichtigungsfähigen 
Verbindlichkeiten nach der 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
dem 
Rückkauf 
die 
Anforderungen nach den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
um 
eine 
Spanne übersteigen, die 
die zuständige Behörde für 
erforderlich hält; 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
competent authority that 
the own funds and eligible 
liabilities 
of 
the 
Issuer 
would, 
following 
such 
redemption or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements 
laid down in the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations by 
a 
margin 
that 
the 
competent 
authority 
considers necessary; 
wobei die zuständige Behörde 
der 
Emittentin 
für 
eine 
Rückzahlung 
oder 
einen 
Rückkauf 
eine 
allgemeine 
vorherige Zustimmung für einen 
bestimmten Zeitraum, der auf ein 
Jahr begrenzt ist und danach 
verlängert werden kann, und 
einen vorab von der zuständigen 
Behörde 
festgelegten 
Betrag 
erteilen 
kann, 
die 
Kriterien 
unterliegt, die sicherstellen, dass 
jede 
derartige 
künftige 
Rückzahlung bzw. jeder derartige 
künftige Rückkauf im Einklang 
mit den oben unter (i) und (ii) 
festgelegten 
Bedingungen 
vonstattengeht, 
wenn 
die 
Emittentin 
ausreichende 
Vorkehrungen hinsichtlich ihrer 
Fähigkeit trifft, mit Eigenmitteln, 
die 
in 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften 
vorgeschriebenen 
Beträge 
übersteigen, tätig zu sein. 
provided that the competent 
authority may grant the Issuer a 
general prior permission to make 
a redemption or a repurchase for 
a specified period, which shall not 
exceed one year, after which it 
may be renewed, and for a 
certain predetermined amount as 
set by the competent authority, 
subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such future redemption or 
repurchase will be in accordance 
with the conditions set out in 
points (i) and (ii) above, if the 
Issuer 
provides 
sufficient 
safeguards as to its capacity to 
operate with own funds above the 
amounts 
required 
in 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. 
(b) 
Zusätzlich zu (a) gilt bei einer 
Rückzahlung 
bzw. 
einem 
Rückkauf 
vor 
dem 
fünften 
Jahrestag 
des 
Tags 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen: (i) im 
Falle 
einer 
Kündigung 
aus 
regulatorischen oder steuerlichen 
Gründen müssen die in § 5(3) 
bzw. 
§ 5(4) 
genannten 
Bedingungen erfüllt sein, und (ii) 
Rückkäufe 
dürfen 
nur 
zum 
Zwecke der Marktpflege und 
innerhalb 
der 
von 
der 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
(b) 
In addition to (a), in the event of a 
redemption or, as the case may 
be, a repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the issue date of 
the Notes (i) in case of a 
redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons or reasons of taxation 
the conditions in § 5(3) or, as the 
case may be, § 5(4) have to be 
met, and (ii) repurchases may be 
made only for market making 
purposes and within the limits 
permitted 
by 
the 
competent 
authority.

--- Page 270 ---
268 
genehmigten Grenzen erfolgen. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Die 
Nichterteilung der Zustimmung 
gemäß Artikel 77, 78 CRR durch 
die 
zuständige 
Behörde 
berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
in keinem Fall einen Ausfall der 
Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any 
refusal of the competent authority 
to 
grant 
permission 
in 
accordance with Articles 77, 78 
CRR 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption 
and 
does 
not 
constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purpose. 
(c) 
Es 
ist 
kein 
Auslöseereignis 
eingetreten, und zwar weder vor 
der 
Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
noch 
ab 
dem Tag, an dem die Ausübung 
des 
Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, bis zu dem für die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin (jeweils einschließlich). 
(c) 
Neither prior to the exercise of the 
redemption right nor in the period 
from and including the date on 
which the notice to exercise the 
redemption right is given to and 
including the date fixed for 
redemption a Trigger Event has 
occurred. 
(d) 
(i) Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
am 
Rückzahlungstag 
weder 
überschuldet im Sinne von § 19 
InsO noch zahlungsunfähig im 
Sinne von § 17 InsO, (ii) die 
Zahlung 
des 
Rückzahlungsbetrages 
führt 
nicht zu einer Überschuldung 
oder 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der 
Emittentin und (iii) es liegt keine 
drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin im Sinne von § 18 
InsO vor. 
(d) 
(i) The Issuer is neither over-
indebted within the meaning of 
§ 19 InsO nor illiquid within the 
meaning of § 17 InsO on the date 
of redemption, (ii) the payment of 
the Redemption Amount does not 
result in an over-indebtedness or 
illiquidity of the Issuer and (iii) no 
imminent 
illiquidity 
(drohende 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit) 
of 
the 
Issuer within the meaning of § 18 
InsO exists. 
Ungeachtet 
der 
oben 
genannten 
Bedingungen, falls die zum Zeitpunkt 
der Rückzahlung oder des Rückkaufs 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften eine Rückzahlung oder 
einen Rückkauf nur zulassen, wenn 
eine solche Rückzahlung oder ein 
solcher Rückkauf im Einklang mit 
zumindest 
einer 
alternativen 
oder 
weiteren Voraussetzung steht, dann 
muss die Emittentin jeder dieser 
etwaigen 
anderen 
und/oder 
zusätzlichen Voraussetzungen (wie 
jeweils anwendbar) entsprechen. 
Notwithstanding the above conditions, 
if, at the time of any redemption or 
repurchase, the Applicable Supervisory 
Regulations permit the redemption or 
repurchase only after compliance with 
one or more alternative or additional 
pre-conditions to those set out above, 
the Issuer shall comply with such other 
and/or, as applicable, additional pre-
conditions, if any. 
Eine Erklärung der Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) oder (5) hat gemäß § 11 
zu erfolgen. Sie muss den für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin und 
im Falle einer Rückzahlung nach 
§ 5(3), (4) oder (5) den Grund für die 
A notice of redemption pursuant to 
§ 5(2), (3), (4) or (5) shall be given in 
accordance with § 11. Such notice shall 
state the date fixed for redemption and, 
in the case of a notice pursuant to 
§ 5(3), (4) or (5), the reason for the

--- Page 271 ---
269 
Rückzahlung nennen. 
redemption. 
Falls zwischen dem Zeitpunkt, zu dem 
die Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts 
mitgeteilt wird, und dem für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin ein 
Auslöseereignis eintritt, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
festgelegten 
Termin 
zurückgezahlt 
und 
die 
Ausübung des Rückzahlungsrechts gilt 
automatisch als zurückgenommen und 
ist null und nichtig. 
If a Trigger Event occurs in the period 
between the date on which notice to 
exercise the redemption right is given 
and the date fixed for redemption, the 
Notes must not be redeemed on the 
date fixed for redemption and the notice 
of redemption shall automatically be 
deemed revoked and shall be null and 
void. 
§ 41 InsO bleibt unberührt. 
§ 41 InsO remains unaffected. 
(7) 
Kündigung 
nach 
erfolgter 
Hochschreibung; Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Die 
Emittentin 
kann 
ihr 
Rückzahlungsrecht nach § 5(2) nur 
ausüben, wenn etwaige Herabschrei-
bungen nach § 5(9)(b) wieder gemäß 
§ 5(10) 
vollständig 
auf 
den 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrag 
hochgeschrieben worden sind. 
(7) 
Redemption 
after 
Write-Up; 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer may 
exercise its redemption right pursuant 
to § 5(2) only if any write-downs 
pursuant to § 5(9)(b) have been fully 
written up to the Original Nominal 
Amount in accordance with § 5(10). 
Die Emittentin ist nach Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses nicht zur Ausübung 
ihrer Rückzahlungsrechte nach § 5(2), 
(3), (4) oder (5) berechtigt, bis die 
Herabschreibung 
nach 
§ 5(9) 
vorgenommen wurde. 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event 
the Issuer is not entitled to exercise its 
redemption rights pursuant to § 5(2), 
(3), (4) or (5) until the write-down 
pursuant to § 5(9) has been effected. 
Im Übrigen steht die Ausübung der 
Kündigungsrechte nach § 5(2), (3), (4) 
und (5) im alleinigen Ermessen der 
Emittentin. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
above, 
the 
exercise of the redemption rights 
pursuant to § 5(2), (3), (4) and (5) shall 
be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
Der 
"Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht ihrem 
dann Aktuellen Nennbetrag, soweit 
nicht zuvor bereits zurückgezahlt oder 
angekauft und entwertet. 
"Redemption Amount" of each Note, 
unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, shall be 
the then Current Nominal Amount of 
such Note. 
(8) 
Kein 
Kündigungsrecht 
der 
Anleihegläubiger. Die Anleihegläubiger 
sind zur Kündigung der Schuldver-
schreibungen nicht berechtigt. 
(8) 
No Call Right of the Noteholders. The 
Noteholders shall have no right to call 
the Notes for redemption. 
(9) 
Herabschreibung. 
(9) 
Write-down. 
(a) 
Auslöseereignis. Bei Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung 
um 
den 
Betrag 
der 
betreffenden 
Herabschreibung zu reduzieren. 
(a) 
Trigger 
Event. 
Upon 
the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, 
the Current Nominal Amount of 
each Note shall be reduced by 
the amount of the relevant write-
down. 
Ein "Auslöseereignis" tritt ein, 
wenn zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt 
A "Trigger Event" occurs if, at 
any time, the common equity tier

--- Page 272 ---
270 
die 
in 
Artikel 92 
Absatz 
1 
Buchstabe a CRR genannte 
harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
der 
Emittentin 
(die 
"Harte 
Kernkapitalquote"), 
1 
capital 
ratio 
pursuant 
to 
Article 92(1)(a) CRR of the Issuer 
(the "Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital Ratio"), determined 
(i) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin zu bestimmen, 
auf Einzelinstitutsbasis der 
Emittentin; und/oder 
(i) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a solo basis, on a solo 
basis; and/or 
(ii) 
wenn und solange die 
Emittentin durch Gesetz 
oder 
durch 
eine 
verwaltungsrechtliche 
Anweisung verpflichtet ist, 
die Harte Kernkapitalquote 
auf konsolidierter Basis zu 
bestimmen, 
auf 
konsolidierter Basis, 
(ii) 
if and as long as the Issuer 
is 
obliged 
by 
law 
or 
administrative 
order 
to 
determine 
the 
Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 
on a consolidated basis, on 
a consolidated basis, 
unter 
[Mindest-CET-1-Quote 
einfügen] %19 
(die 
"Mindest-
CET1-Quote") fällt. 
falls below [insert Minimum 
CET1 Ratio] per cent.20 (the 
"Minimum CET1 Ratio"). 
Ob zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt ein 
Auslöseereignis eingetreten ist, 
wird von der Emittentin, der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
oder einer anderen von der 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde 
für diesen Zweck ernannten 
Stelle 
bestimmt, 
und 
diese 
Bestimmung 
ist 
für 
die 
Anleihegläubiger bindend. 
Whether a Trigger Event has 
occurred at any time will be 
determined by the Issuer, the 
competent supervisory authority 
or any agent appointed for such 
purpose 
by 
the 
competent 
supervisory authority and such 
determination will be binding on 
the Noteholders. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Ein 
Auslöseereignis kann zu jeder 
Zeit 
festgestellt 
werden 
und 
mehrfach eintreten. 
For the avoidance of doubt: A 
Trigger Event may be determined 
at any time and may occur on 
more than one occasion. 
Zur Klarstellung: Der Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
berechtigt 
die Anleihegläubiger nicht zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen und stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt: The 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
shall not entitle the Noteholders 
to call the Notes for redemption 
and shall not constitute a default 
of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Herabschreibung. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
ist 
eine 
(b) 
Write-down. Upon the occurrence 
of a Trigger Event, a write-down 
 
19 
Die Mindest-CET-1-Quote darf nicht unter 5,125 % liegen. 
20 
The Minimum CET1 Ratio must not be below 5.125 per cent.

--- Page 273 ---
271 
Herabschreibung pro rata mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen 
AT1 
Instrumenten, 
die 
eine 
Herabschreibung (gleichviel ob 
permanent oder temporär) oder 
eine Wandlung in Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
bei 
Eintritt 
dieses 
Auslöseereignisses 
vorsehen, 
vorzunehmen. Wenn im Falle 
eines Auslöseereignisses auch 
andere 
AT1 
Instrumente 
herabzuschreiben 
oder 
in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals zu wandeln sind, die 
nach 
ihren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Auslöseereignis 
das Unterschreiten einer Harten 
Kernkapitalquote vorsehen, die 
auf oder über der Mindest-CET1-
Quote liegt (zusammen mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
die 
"Relevanten AT1 Instrumente"), 
richtet sich das Verhältnis bzw. 
die Reihenfolge, in welcher für 
die jeweils herabzuschreibenden 
oder in Instrumente des harten 
Kernkapitals 
zu 
wandelnden 
Instrumente 
eine 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften. 
Wird 
dieses 
Verhältnis 
bzw. 
diese 
Reihenfolge 
nicht 
durch 
die 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichts-
rechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
vorgegeben, so gilt Folgendes: 
shall be effected pro rata with all 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
other 
AT1 
Instruments which provide for a 
write-down (whether permanent 
or temporary) or a conversion into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments upon the occurrence 
of such Trigger Event. If upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event 
other AT1 Instruments are also 
subject to a write-down or are 
subject 
to 
conversion 
into 
common equity tier 1 capital 
instruments, 
where 
the 
respective conditions provide for 
a trigger event at a Common 
Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio level 
that is at or above the Minimum 
CET1 Ratio (together with the 
Notes 
the 
"Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments"), any such write-
down or conversion will occur in 
such order of application or ratio 
as required in accordance with 
the 
Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations. If no such order or 
ratio is required by the Applicable 
Supervisory 
Regulations, 
the 
following applies: 
(i) 
Eine 
Herabschreibung 
gemäß diesem § 5(9)(b) 
erfolgt, vorbehaltlich der 
Regelung 
des 
nachstehenden Satzes, pro 
rata 
mit 
sämtlichen 
anderen Relevanten AT1 
Instrumenten. 
(i) 
Any write-down pursuant to 
this § 5(9)(b) will, subject to 
the provision set out in the 
following 
sentence, 
be 
effected pro rata with all 
other 
Relevant 
AT1 
Instruments. 
Dabei 
werden 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
sämtliche 
andere 
Relevante AT1 Instrumente 
jeweils nur insoweit an 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
bzw. einer Wandlung in 
The Notes and all other 
Relevant AT1 Instruments 
will in the aggregate only be 
written-down or (as the 
case may be) converted 
into common equity tier 1 
capital instruments to the

--- Page 274 ---
272 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals beteiligt, wie 
dies insgesamt erforderlich 
ist, 
damit 
die 
Harte 
Kernkapitalquote 
(i) auf 
konsolidierter Basis und 
(ii) auf Einzelinstitutsbasis 
(jeweils 
nur 
wenn 
und 
solange die Emittentin nach 
den 
Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften oder aufgrund 
behördlicher 
Anordnung 
verpflichtet ist, die Harte 
Kernkapitalquote insoweit 
zu bestimmen) diejenige 
Quote wieder erreicht, die 
in 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Bedingungen als Quote für 
das die Herabschreibung 
und/oder die Wandlung in 
Instrumente 
des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
auslösende 
Ereignis 
festgelegt 
ist; 
wobei 
die 
Summe 
der 
Herabschreibungen 
und 
Wandlungen insgesamt auf 
den 
gesamten, 
im 
Zeitpunkt des Eintritts des 
Auslöseereignisses ausste-
henden Nennbetrag der 
Relevanten 
AT1 
Instrumente beschränkt ist. 
extent required to restore 
the Common Equity Tier 1 
Capital 
Ratio 
as 
determined 
on 
(i) a 
consolidated 
basis 
and 
(ii) a solo basis (in each 
case only if and as long as 
the 
Issuer 
is 
required 
pursuant to the Applicable 
Supervisory Regulations or 
an administrative order to 
determine the ratio on such 
level) to the ratio provided 
for in their respective terms 
as the ratio triggering the 
event resulting in such 
write-down 
and/or 
conversion into common 
equity 
tier 1 
capital 
instruments; provided that 
the total amount of the 
write-downs 
and 
conversions 
shall 
not 
exceed the sum of the 
outstanding 
principal 
amounts of the Relevant 
AT1 Instruments at the time 
of occurrence of the Trigger 
Event. 
(ii) 
Jedes andere Relevante 
AT1 
Instrument, 
das 
insgesamt, 
jedoch 
nicht 
teilweise, 
herabgeschrieben 
oder 
gewandelt werden kann, 
wird für den Zweck der 
Bestimmung der relevanten 
pro rata-Beträge für eine 
Herabschreibung und die 
Berechnung des Betrags 
der Herabschreibung so 
behandelt, als ob seine 
Bedingungen eine teilweise 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
vorsehen 
würden. 
(ii) 
Any other Relevant AT1 
Instrument that may be 
written down or converted 
in full but not in part will, for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the relevant 
pro rata amounts for a 
write-down and calculation 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount, be treated as if its 
terms permit a partial write-
down or conversion. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
hängt nicht von der Wirksamkeit 
(c) 
Effecting a write-down in respect 
of the Notes shall not be 
dependent on the effectiveness 
or implementation of a write-

--- Page 275 ---
273 
oder 
Durchführung 
einer 
Herabschreibung oder Wandlung 
anderer Instrumente ab und ist 
unabhängig 
davon 
gemäß 
§ 5(9)(b) 
vorzunehmen. 
Zur 
Klarstellung: 
Soweit 
die 
Herabschreibung 
oder 
die 
Wandlung in Instrumente des 
harten Kernkapitals unter einem 
oder mehreren der anderen AT1 
Instrumente der Emittentin aus 
irgendeinem Grund nicht wirksam 
ist oder nicht durchgeführt wird, 
wird diese unwirksame oder nicht 
durchgeführte Herabschreibung 
oder 
Wandlung 
bei 
der 
Bestimmung des Betrags der 
Herabschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
§ 5(9)(b) nicht berücksichtigt. 
down or conversion of other 
instruments and any such non-
effectiveness 
or 
non-
implementation 
shall 
not 
prejudice the effecting of a write-
down pursuant to § 5(9)(b). For 
the avoidance of doubt: to the 
extent that the write-down or the 
conversion into common equity 
tier 1 capital instruments of one or 
more 
of 
the 
other 
AT1 
Instruments of the Issuer is not 
effective or is not implemented for 
any reason, such non-effective or 
non-implemented write-down or 
conversion will not be taken into 
account when determining the 
written-down amount in respect 
of the Notes under § 5(9)(b). 
Die Summe der in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzunehmenden 
Herabschreibungen ist auf die 
Summe 
der 
Aktuellen 
Nennbeträge aller zum Zeitpunkt 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
jeweiligen 
Auslöseereignisses 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
beschränkt. 
The sum of the write-
downs to be effected with respect 
to the Notes shall be limited to the 
aggregate 
Current 
Nominal 
Amount of all Notes outstanding 
at the time of occurrence of the 
relevant Trigger Event. 
(d) 
Im Falle des Eintritts eines 
Auslöseereignisses 
wird 
die 
Emittentin: 
(d) 
Upon the occurrence of a Trigger 
Event, the Issuer shall: 
(i) 
unverzüglich die für sie 
zuständige Behörde sowie 
gemäß 
§ 11 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Eintritt dieses 
Auslöseereignisses sowie 
des Umstandes, dass eine 
Herabschreibung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
unterrichten, und 
(i) 
inform 
the 
competent 
authority of the Issuer and, 
in accordance with § 11, 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes without undue delay 
about the occurrence of 
such Trigger Event and the 
fact that a write-down will 
have to be effected, and 
(ii) 
unverzüglich, 
spätestens 
jedoch 
innerhalb 
eines 
Monats (soweit die für sie 
zuständige Behörde diese 
Frist nicht verkürzt) die 
bezogen auf die jeweilige 
Schuldverschreibung 
vorzunehmende 
(ii) 
determine the write-down 
to 
be 
effected 
without 
undue delay, but not later 
than within one month 
(unless 
the 
competent 
authority 
of 
the 
Issuer 
shortens such period), and 
notify such write-down in

--- Page 276 ---
274 
Herabschreibung und den 
daraus 
resultierenden 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbe-
trag feststellen und (A) der 
zuständigen 
Behörde, 
(B) den Anleihegläubigern 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 11, 
(C) der 
Berechnungsstelle und der 
Zahlstelle sowie (D) jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen auf 
Veranlassung 
der 
Emittentin 
zu 
diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren 
Regeln 
eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse 
verlangen, mitteilen. 
relation 
to 
each 
Note 
together with the resultant 
new 
Current 
Nominal 
Amount 
(A) to 
the 
competent authority, (B) to 
the Noteholders of the 
Notes in accordance with 
§ 11, (C) to the Calculation 
Agent 
and 
the 
Paying 
Agent and (D), if required 
by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time 
to time at the request of the 
Issuer, 
to 
such 
stock 
exchange. 
(e) 
Die Herabschreibung ist vorge-
nommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige 
Aktuelle Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen ist reduziert wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
wenn 
die 
Abgabe 
der 
Mitteilungen an die Anleihe-
gläubiger gemäß § 11 erfolgt ist. 
(e) 
The write-down shall be deemed 
effected at the time when the 
notice to the Noteholders is given 
in accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be reduced at such 
time in the amount as specified in 
the notice. 
Ein Unterlassen der Mitteilungen 
nach § 5(9)(d)(i) und/oder (ii) 
berührt nicht die Wirksamkeit 
einer Herabschreibung und diese 
gilt jedenfalls spätestens ein 
Monat (soweit die zuständige 
Behörde 
diese 
Frist 
nicht 
verkürzt) 
nach 
Eintritt 
des 
betreffenden Auslöseereignisses 
in 
der 
Höhe 
des 
von 
der 
Emittentin festgestellten Betrags 
als vorgenommen. Eine nicht 
erfolgte 
Mitteilung 
ist 
unverzüglich nachzuholen. 
Any 
failure 
to 
give 
notices 
pursuant to § 5(9)(d)(i) and/or (ii) 
will not affect the effectiveness of, 
or otherwise invalidate, any write-
down and such write-down shall 
be deemed effected, on the basis 
of 
the 
written-down 
amount 
determined by the Issuer, in any 
event no later than one month 
(unless the competent authority 
of the Issuer shortens such 
period) after the occurrence of 
the relevant Trigger Event. A 
notice which has not been given 
shall be given without undue 
delay. 
(10) Hochschreibung. 
(10) Write-up. 
(a) 
Nach 
der 
Vornahme 
einer 
Herabschreibung 
kann 
der 
Aktuelle 
Nennbetrag 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung in jedem 
der Geschäftsjahre der Emittentin 
nach der Herabschreibung bis 
zur 
vollständigen 
Höhe 
des 
Ursprünglichen 
Nennbetrags 
(soweit nicht zuvor zurückgezahlt 
(a) 
After a write-down has been 
effected, the Current Nominal 
Amount of each Note, unless 
previously 
redeemed 
or 
repurchased and cancelled, may 
be written up in accordance with 
the following provisions of § 5(10) 
in each of the financial years of 
the Issuer subsequent to the

--- Page 277 ---
275 
oder angekauft und entwertet) 
nach Maßgabe der folgenden 
Regelungen 
dieses 
§ 5(10) 
wieder hochgeschrieben werden, 
soweit 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss 
nach 
dem 
handelsrechtlichen 
Einzelabschluss der Emittentin 
zur Verfügung steht und mithin 
hierdurch kein Jahresfehlbetrag 
entsteht oder erhöht würde. Die 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
mit 
Wirkung 
ab 
dem 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich), 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
das 
Geschäftsjahr 
der 
Emittentin 
folgt, für das der zuvor genannte 
Jahresüberschuss 
festgestellt 
wurde. 
occurrence of such write-down 
until the full Original Nominal 
Amount has been reached, to the 
extent 
that 
a 
corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is calculated on the basis of the 
financial statements of the Issuer 
prepared in accordance with 
German commercial law and the 
write-up will not give rise to or 
increase 
an 
annual 
loss 
(Jahresfehlbetrag). The write-up 
will occur with effect as of the first 
Interest Payment Date (including) 
immediately 
following 
the 
financial year of the Issuer for 
which 
the 
above-mentioned 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
was determined. 
(b) 
Die 
Hochschreibung 
erfolgt 
gleichrangig 
mit 
der 
Hochschreibung 
anderer 
AT1 
Instrumente. 
(b) 
The write-up shall be effected 
pari passu with write-ups of other 
AT1 Instruments. 
(c) 
Die 
Vornahme 
einer 
Hochschreibung 
steht 
vorbehaltlich der nachfolgenden 
Vorgaben der nachstehenden 
Ziffern (i) bis (v) im Ermessen der 
Emittentin. Insbesondere kann 
die Emittentin auch dann ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
von 
einer 
Hochschreibung absehen, wenn 
ein 
entsprechender 
Jahresüberschuss zur Verfügung 
steht und die Vorgaben der 
nachstehenden Ziffern (i) bis (v) 
erfüllt wären. 
(c) 
Subject to the conditions set out 
in clauses (i) to (v) below, it shall 
be at the discretion of the Issuer 
to effect a write-up. In particular, 
the Issuer may effect a write-up 
only in part or effect no write-up 
at all even if a corresponding 
annual profit (Jahresüberschuss) 
is recorded and the conditions set 
out in clauses (i) to (v) below are 
fulfilled. 
(i) 
Soweit 
der 
festgestellte 
bzw. 
festzustellende 
Jahresüberschuss für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und anderer, mit einem 
vergleichbaren 
Auslöseereignis (ggf. mit 
einer abweichenden harten 
Kernkapitalquote 
als 
Auslöser) 
ausgestatteter 
AT1 Instrumente 
(einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen die 
"Herabgeschriebenen 
AT1 
Instrumente") 
(i) 
To the extent that the 
annual 
profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined is to be used for 
a write-up of the Notes and 
of other AT1 Instruments, 
the terms of which provide 
for a similar Trigger Event 
(also if such terms provide 
for a different common 
equity tier 1 capital ratio as 
trigger) (together with the 
Notes, the "Written Down 
AT1 Instruments"), and is 
available 
in 
accordance

--- Page 278 ---
276 
verwendet werden soll und 
nach Maßgabe von (ii) und 
(iii) zur Verfügung steht, 
erfolgt die Hochschreibung 
pro rata nach Maßgabe der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente. 
with (ii) and (iii) below, such 
write-up shall be effected 
pro rata in proportion to the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments. 
(ii) 
Der 
Höchstbetrag, 
der 
insgesamt 
für 
die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
anderer, 
Herabgeschriebener 
AT1 
Instrumente 
sowie 
die 
Zahlung von Zinsen und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente 
verwendet werden kann, 
errechnet sich nach den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Berechnung 
des 
Höchstbetrags 
für 
Hochschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen. 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt der Begebung 
der Schuldverschreibungen 
gilt für die Berechnung 
folgende Formel: 
(ii) 
The maximum total amount 
that may be used for a 
write-up of the Notes and of 
other Written Down AT1 
Instruments and for the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments 
shall 
be 
calculated in accordance 
with 
the 
regulatory 
technical standards and the 
other 
requirements 
applicable at the time of the 
calculation of the maximum 
total amount for write-ups. 
At the time of the issuance 
of the Notes, the calculation 
is based on the following 
formula: 
H = J × S
T1  
H = J × S
T1  
‘H’ bezeichnet den für die 
Hochschreibung 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
Ausschüttungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zur Verfügung 
stehenden Höchstbetrag; 
‘H’ means the maximum 
amount available for the 
write-up of the Written 
Down AT1 Instruments and 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down AT1 Instruments; 
‘J’ 
bezeichnet 
den 
festgestellten 
bzw. 
festzustellenden 
Jahresüberschuss 
des 
Vorjahres aus dem nicht 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin 
oder, 
falls 
niedriger, 
aus 
dem 
‘J’ means the annual profit 
(Jahresüberschuss) 
determined 
or 
to 
be 
determined for the previous 
year on the basis of the 
unconsolidated 
annual 
financial statements of the 
Issuer or, if lower, the 
consolidated 
annual

--- Page 279 ---
277 
konsolidierten 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
Emittentin; 
financial statements of the 
Issuer; 
‘S’ bezeichnet die Summe 
der 
ursprünglichen 
Nennbeträge 
der 
Herabgeschriebenen AT1 
Instrumente 
(d.h. 
vor 
Vornahme 
von 
Herabschreibungen infolge 
eines Auslöseereignisses); 
‘S’ means the sum of the 
original nominal amounts of 
the Written Down AT1 
Instruments 
(i.e. 
before 
write-downs 
due 
to 
a 
Trigger Event have been 
effected); 
‘T1’ bezeichnet den Betrag 
des 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin unmittelbar vor 
Vornahme 
der 
Hochschreibung. 
‘T1’ means the amount of 
the tier 1 capital of the 
Issuer immediately before 
the write-up is effected. 
Der Höchstbetrag ‘H’ ist 
von der Emittentin nach 
den 
technischen 
Regulierungsstandards 
und den im Übrigen im 
Zeitpunkt der Bestimmung 
anwendbaren 
Anforderungen 
zu 
bestimmen und der so 
bestimmte 
Betrag 
der 
Hochschreibung zugrunde 
zu legen, ohne dass es 
einer 
Änderung 
dieser 
Ziffer (ii) bedürfte. 
The maximum amount ‘H’ 
shall be determined by the 
Issuer in accordance with 
the 
regulatory 
technical 
standards and the other 
requirements applicable at 
the time of determination, 
and the write-up shall be 
based on the amount so 
determined 
without 
requiring any amendment 
to this clause (ii). 
(iii) 
Insgesamt darf die Summe 
der 
Beträge 
der 
Hochschreibungen 
auf 
Herabgeschriebene 
AT1 
Instrumente zusammen mit 
etwaigen Dividenden und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin 
(einschließlich 
auch der Zinszahlungen 
und 
anderen 
Ausschüttungen auf Herab-
geschriebene AT1 Instru-
mente) in Bezug auf das 
betreffende Geschäftsjahr 
den 
Maximal 
Ausschüttungsfähigen 
Betrag oder einen anderen 
(iii) 
In total, the sum of the 
amounts of the write-ups of 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments together with 
the 
amounts 
of 
any 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the 
Issuer 
(including 
the 
payment of interest and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
Written 
Down 
AT1 
Instruments) 
for 
the 
relevant financial year must 
not exceed the Maximum 
Distributable 
Amount 
or 
any 
other 
maximum 
amount prescribed by the 
Applicable 
Supervisory

--- Page 280 ---
278 
nach den Anwendbaren 
Aufsichtsrechtlichen 
Vorschriften 
für 
diesen 
Zweck 
vorgeschriebenen 
Höchstbetrag 
nicht 
überschreiten. 
Regulations 
for 
this 
purpose. 
(iv) 
Hochschreibungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gehen 
Dividenden 
und 
anderen Ausschüttungen in 
Bezug 
auf 
Geschäftsanteile, 
Aktien 
(soweit 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt einschlägig) und 
andere Instrumente des 
harten 
Kernkapitals 
der 
Emittentin nicht vor, d.h. 
diese können auch dann 
vorgenommen 
werden, 
solange keine vollständige 
Hochschreibung erfolgt ist. 
(iv) 
Write-ups of the Notes do 
not 
have 
priority 
over 
dividend 
payments 
and 
other 
Distributions 
on 
company shares, shares (if 
existing at the relevant 
point of time) and other 
common 
equity 
tier 
1 
capital instruments of the 
Issuer, i.e. such payments 
and 
Distributions 
are 
permitted even if no full 
write-up has been effected. 
(v) 
Zum 
Zeitpunkt 
einer 
Hochschreibung darf kein 
Auslöseereignis 
fortbestehen. 
Eine 
Hochschreibung ist zudem 
ausgeschlossen, 
soweit 
diese zu dem Eintritt eines 
Auslöseereignisses führen 
würde. 
(v) 
At the time of a write-up, 
there must not exist any 
Trigger 
Event 
that 
is 
continuing. A write-up is 
also excluded if such write-
up would give rise to the 
occurrence of a Trigger 
Event. 
(d) 
Wenn sich die Emittentin für die 
Vornahme einer Hochschreibung 
nach den Bestimmungen dieses 
§ 5(10) entscheidet, wird sie bis 
spätestens 10 Kalendertage vor 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinszahlungstag, an dem die 
Hochschreibung bewirkt werden 
soll (der "Hochschreibungstag") 
die 
Anleihegläubiger 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 
11, die Berechnungsstelle, die 
Zahlstelle sowie jede Börse, an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
Veranlassung der Emittentin zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und 
deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, von der 
Vornahme der Hochschreibung 
unterrichten 
und 
den 
Hochschreibungsbetrag 
als 
Prozentsatz des Ursprünglichen 
(d) 
If the Issuer elects to effect a 
write-up in accordance with the 
provisions of this § 5(10), it shall 
give notice no later than 10 
calendar days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date on which the write-
up will become effective (the 
"Write-Up 
Date"), 
to 
the 
Noteholders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 11, to the 
Calculation Agent, to the Paying 
Agent and, if required by the rules 
of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are listed from time to 
time at the request of the Issuer, 
to such stock exchange, of the 
write-up specifying the amount of 
the write-up as a percentage of 
the Original Nominal Amount of 
the Notes, the new Current 
Nominal Amount and the Write-
Up Date. The write-up shall be 
deemed to be effected at the time

--- Page 281 ---
279 
Nennbetrags 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
den 
neuen Aktuellen Nennbetrag und 
den 
Hochschreibungstag 
benennen. Die Hochschreibung 
ist 
vorgenommen 
(und 
der 
jeweilige Aktuelle Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist mit 
Wirkung 
zum 
Hochschreibungstag erhöht wie 
in der Mitteilung angegeben), 
wenn die Abgabe der Mitteilung 
an die Anleihegläubiger gemäß 
§ 11 erfolgt ist. 
when 
the 
notice 
to 
the 
Noteholders 
is 
given 
in 
accordance with § 11 and the 
Current Nominal Amount of each 
Note shall be increased in the 
amount as specified in the notice 
with effect as of the Write-up 
Date. 
§ 6 
Die Zahlstelle(n) und die 
Berechnungsstelle 
§ 6 
Paying Agent(s) and Calculation Agent 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle. 
Die 
anfänglich 
bestellte Zahlstelle, die anfänglich 
bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren 
jeweilige 
anfänglich 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. The 
initial Paying Agent and the initial 
Calculation Agent and their respective 
initial specified offices are: 
"Zahlstelle": 
"Paying Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
"Berechnungsstelle": 
"Calculation Agent": 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Deutschland 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Die 
Zahlstelle 
und 
die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre jeweilige 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle durch eine 
andere bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in 
demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
The Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified office 
to some other specified offices in the 
same jurisdiction. 
(2) 
Änderung 
der 
Bestellung 
oder 
Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich 
das Recht vor, jederzeit die Bestellung 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
einer 
Zahlstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden 
und eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
oder 
zusätzliche 
oder 
andere 
Zahlstellen zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt eine Zahlstelle 
und 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten. 
Eine 
Änderung, 
(2) 
Variation 
or 
Termination 
of 
Appointment. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Calculation Agent or 
the Paying Agent and to appoint 
another Calculation Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents. The Issuer 
shall at all times maintain a Paying 
Agent and a Calculation Agent. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other

--- Page 282 ---
280 
Abberufung, 
Bestellung 
oder 
ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine 
solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), 
sofern die Anleihegläubiger hierüber 
gemäß § 11 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von [mindestens 30 und 
nicht mehr als 45 Geschäftstagen] [●] 
informiert wurden. 
than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after [not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 Business 
Days’] [●] prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with § 11. 
(3) 
Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle und die Zahlstelle 
handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Anleihegläubigern, und es wird 
kein Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis 
zwischen 
ihnen 
und 
den 
Anleihegläubigern begründet. 
(3) 
Agents of the Issuer. The Calculation 
Agent and the Paying Agent act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not have 
any obligations towards, or relationship 
of agency or trust for, any of the 
Noteholders. 
§ 7 
Steuern 
§ 7 
Taxation 
(1) 
Quellensteuern 
und 
Zusätzliche 
Beträge. 
Sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder 
Abzug 
von 
oder 
aufgrund 
von 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich 
welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder 
für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung 
einer 
politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde 
der 
oder 
in 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, dieser Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
ist 
gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. Im Fall des Einbehalts 
oder 
Abzugs 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
Zinszahlungen (nicht jedoch Zahlungen 
auf 
Kapital) 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 3(8)) 
diejenigen 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
(die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich 
sind, 
damit 
die 
den 
Anleihegläubigern 
zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt 
oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen 
entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
von 
den 
Anleihegläubigern empfangen worden 
wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung 
solcher zusätzlichen Beträge besteht 
jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
(1) 
Withholding 
Taxes 
and 
Additional 
Amounts. All amounts payable in 
respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding 
or deduction by or in or for the account 
of the Federal Republic of Germany or 
any 
political 
subdivision 
or 
any 
authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In the 
event of such withholding or deduction 
on payments of interest (but not in 
respect of the payment of any principal 
in respect of the Notes), the Issuer shall 
(subject to § 3(8)) pay such additional 
amounts ("Additional Amounts") as 
shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the Noteholders, 
after such withholding or deduction, 
shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been 
receivable by the Noteholders in the 
absence 
of 
such 
withholding 
or 
deduction; 
except 
that 
no 
such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which:

--- Page 283 ---
281 
und Abgaben, die: 
(a) 
von einer als depotführende 
Stelle oder Inkassobeauftragter 
des 
Anleihegläubigers 
handelnden Person oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten 
sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu 
leistenden 
Zahlungen 
einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; 
oder 
(a) 
are payable by any person acting 
as custodian bank or collecting 
agent on behalf of a Noteholder, 
or otherwise in any manner which 
does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from 
payments made by it; or 
(b) 
wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder 
früheren 
persönlichen 
oder 
geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Anleihegläubigers 
zu 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht 
allein 
deshalb, 
weil 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Quellen in Deutschland stammen 
(oder 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
Besteuerung 
so 
behandelt 
werden) oder dort besichert sind; 
oder 
(b) 
are payable by reason of the 
Noteholder having, or having 
had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany and not 
merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes 
are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from 
sources in, or are secured in, 
Germany; or 
(c) 
denen der Anleihegläubiger nicht 
unterläge, 
wenn 
er 
seine 
Anleihegläubigerstellung binnen 
30 Tagen nach Fälligkeit oder, 
falls die notwendigen Beträge der 
Zahlstelle bei Fälligkeit nicht zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
binnen 30 Tagen nach dem Tag, 
an dem diese Mittel der Zahlstelle 
zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind und dies gemäß § 11 
bekannt gemacht wurde, der 
Zahlstelle 
hinreichend 
nachgewiesen hätte; oder 
(c) 
to which the Noteholder would 
not be subject if it had sufficiently 
demonstrated 
to 
the 
Paying 
Agent its status as a Noteholder 
within 30 days from the due date 
for payment, or, if the necessary 
funds were not provided to the 
Paying Agent when due, within 
30 days from the date on which 
such funds are provided to the 
Paying Agent and a notice to that 
effect has been published in 
accordance with § 11; or 
(d) 
von einer Zahlstelle abgezogen 
oder einbehalten werden, wenn 
die Zahlung von einer anderen 
Zahlstelle ohne den Abzug oder 
Einbehalt hätte vorgenommen 
werden können; oder 
(d) 
are deducted or withheld by a 
Paying Agent from a payment if 
the payment could have been 
made by another Paying Agent 
without 
such 
deduction 
or 
withholding; or 
(e) 
nicht zu entrichten wären, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei 
einem Kreditinstitut verwahrt und 
die 
Zahlungen 
von 
diesem 
eingezogen worden wären, oder 
(e) 
would not be payable if the Notes 
had been kept in safe custody 
with, and the payments had been 
collected by, a banking institution; 
or 
(f) 
wegen 
einer 
Rechtsänderung 
oder einer Änderung in der 
(f) 
are payable by reason of a 
change in a law or administrative

--- Page 284 ---
282 
Rechtsanwendung 
zu 
zahlen 
sind, welche später als 30 Tage 
nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden 
Zahlung oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung 
aller 
fälligen 
Beträge 
und 
einer 
diesbezüglichen 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 11 
wirksam wird; oder 
practice that becomes effective 
more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, 
or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof 
is 
published 
in 
accordance with § 11, whichever 
occurs later; or 
(g) 
durch 
die 
Erfüllung 
von 
gesetzlichen Anforderungen oder 
durch 
die 
Vorlage 
einer 
Nichtansässigkeitserklärung oder 
durch 
die 
sonstige 
Geltendmachung 
eines 
Anspruchs 
auf 
Befreiung 
gegenüber 
der 
betreffenden 
Steuerbehörde vermeidbar sind 
oder gewesen wären; oder 
(g) 
are avoidable or would have been 
avoidable through compliance 
with statutory requirements or 
through the submission of a 
declaration of non-residence or 
by otherwise enforcing a claim for 
exemption at the relevant tax 
authority; or 
(h) 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten 
werden, weil der wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
selbst 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist und 
der Abzug oder Einbehalt bei 
Zahlungen 
an 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer nicht 
erfolgt wäre oder eine Zahlung 
zusätzlicher Beträge bei einer 
Zahlung an den wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer nach Maßgabe der 
vorstehenden Regelungen hätte 
vermieden werden können, wenn 
dieser 
zugleich 
rechtlicher 
Eigentümer 
(Anleihegläubiger) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gewesen wäre. 
(h) 
are 
deducted 
or 
withheld 
because the beneficial owner of 
the Notes is not itself their legal 
owner 
(Noteholder) 
and 
the 
deduction 
or 
withholding 
in 
respect of payments to the 
beneficial owner would not have 
been made or the payment of 
Additional Amounts in respect of 
a payment to the beneficial owner 
in accordance with the above 
provisions 
could 
have 
been 
avoided if the latter had also been 
the legal owner (Noteholder) of 
the Notes. 
(2) 
FATCA. 
Die 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin 
zur 
Zahlung 
von 
zusätzlichen 
Beträgen 
soll 
keine 
Anwendung finden auf Steuern oder 
Abgaben, die nur zu zahlen sind auf 
Grund 
einer 
Nichteinhaltung 
von 
Anforderungen 
durch 
den 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
den 
wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer (oder ein 
Finanzinstitut, 
durch 
das 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
oder 
der 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen hält oder durch 
(2) 
FATCA. The obligation of the Issuer to 
pay Additional Amounts shall not apply 
to any taxes or duties that would not 
have been imposed but for a failure by 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner (or 
any financial institution through which 
the Noteholder or beneficial owner 
holds any Note or through which 
payment on the Note is made) to 
comply 
with 
any 
certification, 
information, 
identification, 
documentation 
or 
other 
reporting 
requirements (including entering into

--- Page 285 ---
283 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten ist) 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zertifizierung, 
Information, 
Identifikation, 
Dokumentation 
oder 
andere 
Mitteilungen 
(einschließlich 
dem 
Abschluss und der Einhaltung von 
Vereinbarungen mit dem U.S. Internal 
Revenue Service) gemäß (a) den 
Abschnitten 1471 bis 1474 des U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code (in der am Tag 
der 
Ausgabe 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
geltenden 
Fassung oder gemäß geänderter oder 
nachfolgender Bestimmungen, soweit 
diese geänderten oder nachfolgenden 
Bestimmungen 
nicht 
wesentlich 
beschwerlicher sind als jene am Tag 
der Ausgabe geltenden Fassung) oder 
aktuellen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnungen 
oder 
offiziellen 
Auslegungen 
hiervon, 
(b) 
gemäß 
zwischenstaatlicher 
Abkommen 
zwischen den Vereinigten Staaten und 
einem anderen Staat zur Umsetzung 
der Anforderungen aus diesen Normen 
oder 
(c) 
einem 
Gesetz, 
einer 
Verordnung 
oder 
einer 
anderen 
offiziellen Richtlinie, das bzw. die in 
einem anderen Staat erlassen wurde. 
and complying with an agreement with 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service) 
imposed (a) pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code as in effect on the date 
of issuance of the Notes or any 
successor or amended version of these 
provisions, 
to 
the 
extent 
such 
successor or amended version is not 
materially more onerous than these 
provisions as enacted on such date or 
any current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof, (b) under 
an 
intergovernmental 
agreement 
entered into between the United States 
and the government of another country 
in order to implement the requirements 
of these provisions or (c) any law, 
regulation or other official written 
guidance enacted in any other country. 
§ 8 
Vorlegungsfrist 
§ 8 
Term of presentation 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
auf 
zehn 
Jahre 
verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801(1) 
sentence 1 of the German Civil Code (BGB) 
is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen, 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter 
§ 9 
Amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions, 
Noteholders’ Representative 
(1) 
Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
vorbehaltlich 
der 
Einhaltung 
der 
aufsichtsrechtlichen Voraussetzungen 
für 
die 
Anerkennung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
als 
AT1 
Instrumente 
und 
(falls 
aufsichtsrechtlich 
erforderlich) 
der 
Zustimmung der zuständigen Behörde 
entsprechend den Bestimmungen des 
Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(1) 
Amendment 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions. In accordance with the 
German Act on Issues of Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG"), the 
Noteholders 
may, 
subject 
to 
compliance with the requirements of 
regulatory law for the recognition of the 
Notes as AT1 Instruments and (if 
necessary under applicable regulatory 
laws) the permission of the competent

--- Page 286 ---
284 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
– 
"SchVG") durch einen Beschluss mit 
der in § 9(2) bestimmten Mehrheit über 
einen 
im 
SchVG 
zugelassenen 
Gegenstand 
eine 
Änderung 
der 
Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin 
vereinbaren. Die Emittentin wird die 
zuständige Behörde vor Durchführung 
der 
Abstimmung 
von 
den 
zur 
Abstimmung 
vorzulegenden 
Änderungen der Anleihebedingungen 
unterrichten. Zur Klarstellung: Die 
Anleihebedingungen 
können 
nicht 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Emittentin 
geändert werden. 
authority, agree with the Issuer on 
amendments 
to 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions with regard to matters 
permitted by the SchVG by resolution 
with the majority specified in § 9(2). The 
Issuer 
will 
notify 
the 
competent 
authority of changes to the Terms and 
Conditions to be submitted for voting 
prior to the voting. For the avoidance of 
doubt: The Terms and Conditions may 
not be amended without the consent of 
the Issuer. 
Die 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
sind 
für 
alle 
Anleihegläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Anleihegläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Anleihegläubiger 
vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn, die 
benachteiligten 
Anleihegläubiger 
stimmen 
ihrer 
Benachteiligung 
ausdrücklich zu. 
Majority resolutions shall be binding on 
all Noteholders. A majority resolution 
which does not provide for identical 
conditions for all Noteholders is void, 
unless 
Noteholders 
who 
are 
disadvantaged 
have 
expressly 
consented to 
their being 
treated 
disadvantageously. 
(2) 
Mehrheitserfordernisse. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger entscheiden mit einer 
Mehrheit 
von 
75 % 
der 
an 
der 
Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
Beschlüsse, 
durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des 
§ 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 9 SchVG 
betreffen, 
bedürfen 
zu 
ihrer 
Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit 
der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
(2) 
Majority. Resolutions shall be passed 
by a majority of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters 
listed in § 5(3) nos. 1 to 9 SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes 
cast. 
(3) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Alle 
Abstimmungen werden ausschließlich 
im 
Wege 
der 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung 
durchgeführt. 
Eine 
Anleihegläubigerversammlung 
und 
eine Übernahme der Kosten für eine 
solche 
Versammlung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin findet ausschließlich im Fall 
des § 18 Absatz 4 Satz 2 SchVG statt. 
(3) 
Vote without a meeting. All votes will be 
taken exclusively by vote taken without 
a meeting. A meeting of Noteholders 
and the assumption of the fees by the 
Issuer for such a meeting will only take 
place in the circumstances of § 18(4) 
sentence 2 SchVG. 
(4) 
Leitung 
der 
Abstimmung. 
Die 
Abstimmung wird von einem von der 
Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, 
falls der gemeinsame Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger (wie gemäß § 9(6) 
(4) 
Chair of the vote. The vote will be 
chaired by a notary appointed by the 
Issuer 
or, 
if 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative (as appointed pursuant 
to § 9(6)) has convened the vote, by the

--- Page 287 ---
285 
bestellt) zur Abstimmung aufgefordert 
hat, vom gemeinsamen Vertreter der 
Anleihegläubiger geleitet. 
Noteholders’ Representative. 
(5) 
Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der 
Anleihegläubiger 
nimmt 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger nach Maßgabe des 
Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen 
Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen 
teil. Das Stimmrecht ruht, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Emittentin 
oder einem mit ihr verbundenen 
Unternehmen (§ 271 Absatz 2 HGB) 
zustehen oder für Rechnung der 
Emittentin 
oder 
eines 
mit 
ihr 
verbundenen Unternehmen gehalten 
werden. 
(5) 
Voting 
rights. 
Each 
Noteholder 
participating in any vote shall cast votes 
in accordance with the principal amount 
or the notional share of its entitlement 
to the outstanding Notes. The voting 
right is suspended as long as the Notes 
of the Issuer or an affiliate (within the 
meaning 
of 
§ 271(2) 
German 
Commercial Code (HGB)) or are held 
for the account of the Issuer or an 
affiliate. 
(6) 
Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter. 
Die 
Anleihegläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung 
ihrer 
Rechte 
einen 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter für alle Anleihegläubiger 
bestellen. Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, 
welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
eingeräumt 
wurden. Er hat die Weisungen der 
Anleihegläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit 
er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten 
der Anleihegläubiger ermächtigt ist, 
sind die einzelnen Anleihegläubiger zur 
selbständigen Geltendmachung dieser 
Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, der 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
sieht 
dies 
ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit 
hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Anleihegläubigern zu berichten. Für die 
Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des 
SchVG. 
(6) 
Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
The 
Noteholders may by majority resolution 
appoint a common representative to 
exercise the Noteholders’ rights on 
behalf 
of 
each 
Noteholder. 
The 
Noteholders’ Representative shall have 
the duties and powers provided by law 
or granted by majority resolution of the 
Noteholders. 
The 
Noteholders’ 
Representative shall comply with the 
instructions of the Noteholders. To the 
extent 
that 
the 
Noteholders’ 
Representative has been authorised to 
assert certain rights of the Noteholders, 
the Noteholders shall not be entitled to 
assert such rights themselves, unless 
explicitly provided for in the relevant 
majority resolution. The Noteholders’ 
Representative shall provide reports to 
the Noteholders on its activities. The 
regulations of the SchVG apply with 
regard to the recall and the other rights 
and obligations of the Noteholders’ 
Representative. 
§ 10 
Begebung weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
Rückkauf und Entwertung 
§ 10 
Further Issues, Repurchases 
and Cancellation 
(1) 
Begebung 
weiterer 
Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
jederzeit 
ohne 
Zustimmung 
der 
Anleihegläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
gleicher Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls 
(1) 
Further Issues. The Issuer may from 
time to time, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the issue date, interest

--- Page 288 ---
286 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des 
Ausgabekurses und/oder des ersten 
Zinszahlungstags) in der Weise zu 
begeben, 
dass 
sie 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
commencement date and/or issue price 
and/or the first interest payment date) 
so as to form a single series with the 
Notes. 
(2) 
Rückkauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
mit der vorherigen Zustimmung der 
zuständigen Behörde und vorbehaltlich 
§ 5(6) Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen 
Kurs zurückzukaufen. Im Falle eines 
Auslöseereignisses darf die Emittentin 
keine 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nach 
diesem § 10(2) zurückkaufen, solange 
eine hieraus folgende Herabschreibung 
noch nicht erfolgt ist. Die von der 
Emittentin 
erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach 
Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei der Zahlstelle 
zwecks 
Entwertung 
eingereicht 
werden. 
(2) 
Repurchases. The Issuer may, with the 
prior permission of the competent 
authority 
and 
subject 
to 
§ 5(6), 
repurchase Notes in the market or 
otherwise at any price. Upon the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event, the 
Issuer may not repurchase any Notes 
pursuant to this § 10(2) if and so long 
as a write-down resulting herefrom has 
not been effected. Notes repurchased 
by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered 
to the Paying Agent for cancellation. 
Zur Klarstellung: Die Nichterteilung der 
Zustimmung durch die zuständige 
Behörde zu einem Rückkauf nach 
§ 10(2) berechtigt die Anleihegläubiger 
nicht 
zur 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
und 
stellt 
keinen Ausfall der Emittentin dar. 
For the avoidance of doubt: Any refusal 
of the competent authority to grant 
permission for a repurchase pursuant 
to 
§ 10(2) 
shall 
not 
entitle 
the 
Noteholders to call the Notes for 
redemption and shall not constitute a 
default of the Issuer. 
(3) 
Entwertung. Sämtliche 
vollständig 
zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht 
wiederbegeben 
oder 
wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
§ 11 
Mitteilungen 
§ 11 
Notices 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen, 
außer 
den 
in 
§ 9 
vorgesehenen Bekanntmachungen, die 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG erfolgen, 
sind 
auf 
der 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com (oder 
einer 
Nachfolgeseite zu der angegebenen 
Seite)) 
zu 
veröffentlichen. 
Eine 
Mitteilung gilt mit dem Tag ihrer 
(1) 
Publication. All notices concerning the 
Notes, other than any notices stipulated 
in § 9 which shall be made exclusively 
pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG, shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com (or 
any 
successor page to this page)). Any 
notice shall be deemed to be effected 
on the day of its publication (or in the 
case of more than one publication on 
the day of the first publication).

--- Page 289 ---
287 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Mitteilungen mit dem Tage der ersten 
Veröffentlichung) als erfolgt.  
(2) 
Mitteilungen 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System. Sofern die Regularien der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(oder 
einer 
anderen 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen notieren) dies 
zulassen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
Bekanntmachungen auch durch eine 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Anleihegläubiger 
oder durch eine schriftliche Mitteilung 
direkt an die Anleihegläubiger zu 
bewirken. Bekanntmachungen über 
das Clearing System gelten sieben 
Tage nach der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System, direkte Mitteilungen 
an die Anleihegläubiger mit ihrem 
Zugang als bewirkt. 
(2) 
Notices to the Clearing System. The 
Issuer shall also be entitled to make 
notices to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System 
to the Noteholders or directly to the 
Noteholders provided this complies 
with the rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange 
(or 
any 
other 
Stock 
Exchange on which the Notes are 
listed). Notices to the Clearing System 
shall be deemed to be effected seven 
days after the notification to the 
Clearing System, direct notices to the 
Noteholders shall be deemed to be 
effected upon their receipt. 
§ 12 
Fremdwährungen 
§ 12 
Other Currencies 
Sofern Beträge für ein Instrument nicht in der 
funktionalen 
Währung 
der 
Emittentin 
ausgedrückt sind, erfolgt für die Anwendung 
dieser Bedingungen eine Umrechnung in 
diese funktionale Währung zu dem zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt geltenden vorherrschenden und 
durch die Emittentin nach billigem Ermessen 
festgestellten Wechselkurs oder gemäß 
einem anderen Verfahren, das in den für die 
Emittentin 
jeweils 
geltenden 
Eigenkapitalvorschriften vorgesehen ist. 
If any amounts with respect to any instrument 
are not expressed in the functional currency 
of the Issuer, for the application of these 
Terms and Conditions such amounts will be 
converted into such functional currency at the 
then-prevailing exchange rate, as determined 
by the Issuer in its reasonable discretion, or 
such other procedure as provided by capital 
regulations applicable to the Issuer from time 
to time. 
§ 13 
Anwendbares Recht und Gerichtsstand 
§ 13 
Applicable Law and Place of Jurisdiction 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt 
der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte 
und 
Pflichten 
der 
Anleihegläubiger und der Emittentin 
bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) 
Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form 
and content, and all rights and 
obligations of the Noteholders and the 
Issuer, shall be governed by German 
law. 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. Vorbehaltlich 
eines 
zwingenden 
Gerichtsstandes 
für 
besondere 
Rechtsstreitigkeiten 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dem SchVG, ist 
das 
Landgericht 
Stuttgart, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
nicht 
ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. Subject to any 
mandatory 
jurisdiction 
for 
specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the 
regional court (Landgericht) Stuttgart, 
Federal Republic of Germany, shall 
have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes.

--- Page 290 ---
288 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten"). 
(3) 
Gerichtliche 
Geltendmachung. Jeder 
Anleihegläubiger 
ist 
berechtigt, 
in 
jedem 
Rechtsstreit 
gegen 
die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, 
in dem der Anleihegläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: 
(i) 
indem 
er 
eine 
Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) beibringt, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein 
Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) 
den vollständigen Namen und die 
vollständige 
Adresse 
des 
Anleihegläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bezeichnet, 
die unter dem Datum der Bestätigung 
auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind 
und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank 
gegenüber dem Clearing System eine 
schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) 
bezeichneten Informationen enthält; 
und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vorlegt, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original eine vertretungsberechtigte 
Person des Clearing Systems bestätigt 
hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der 
Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
in 
einem 
solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die 
Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft 
zu 
betreiben 
und 
bei 
der/dem 
der 
Anleihegläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. 
Unbeschadet 
des 
Vorstehenden 
kann 
jeder 
Anleihegläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen oder geltend 
machen, 
die 
im 
Land 
der 
(3) 
Enforcement. Any Noteholder may in 
any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Noteholder and the 
Issuer are parties, protect and enforce 
in its own name its rights arising under 
such Notes on the basis of (i) a 
statement issued by the Custodian (as 
defined 
below) 
with 
whom 
such 
Noteholder 
maintains 
a 
securities 
account in respect of the Notes (a) 
stating the full name and address of the 
Noteholder, 
(b) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) 
confirming that the Custodian has given 
written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to 
(a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true 
copy by a duly authorized officer of the 
Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such proceedings of the 
actual records or the global note 
representing the Notes. For purposes 
of the foregoing, "Custodian" means 
any bank or other financial institution of 
recognized standing authorized to 
engage in securities custody business 
with which the Noteholder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the 
Notes and includes the Clearing 
System. Each Noteholder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect or 
enforce its rights under the Notes also 
in any other way which is admitted in 
the country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 291 ---
289 
Rechtsstreitigkeit prozessual zulässig 
ist. 
§ 14 
Sprache 
§ 14 
Language 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
beigefügt. 
Der 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich. 
These Terms and Conditions are written in 
the German language and provided with an 
English language translation. The German 
text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for 
convenience only.

--- Page 292 ---
290 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens jedes Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass 
(i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung, "MiFID II"), umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden 
angemessen sind einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe 
ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen. Jede Person, die in der Folge 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anbietet, 
verkauft 
oder 
empfiehlt 
(ein 
"Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts der Konzepteure 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür 
verantwortlich, 
seine 
eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung 
der 
Zielmarktbestimmung 
der 
Konzepteur]) 
und 
angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional 
clients 
are 
appropriate 
including 
investment 
advice, 
portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN - Die Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens jedes Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass

--- Page 293 ---
291 
(i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, wie im FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") definiert und professionelle 
Kunden, wie in Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, die aufgrund des European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 Teil des nationalen Rechts ist ("UK MiFIR"), umfasst; und (ii) alle 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden angemessen sind einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-
Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen. Jede 
Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt 
(ein "Vertriebsunternehmen") soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts der Konzepteure 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung der Konzepteure) 
und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen.] 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as 
amended, the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im EWR – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im 
Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum ("EWR") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht 
angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung 
gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine 
Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im 
Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 MiFID II oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2016/97/EU ("IDD"), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 
4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
1286/2014 (die "PRIIPs-Verordnung") erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot 
oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-
Verordnung rechtswidrig sein. 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended or superseded ("FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
amended or superseded as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Instruments or otherwise making them available

--- Page 294 ---
292 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger in UK – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum 
Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im 
Vereinigten Königreich ("UK") bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern in UK nicht angeboten, nicht 
an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. 
Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines 
(oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 
2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 
("EUWA") Teil des nationalen Rechts ist oder (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Regelungen 
des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten 
Fassung ("FSMA") und aller Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur 
Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als 
professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Abs. 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014 
gilt; welche durch EUWA Teil des nationales Rechts ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der 
Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, welche durch 
EUWA Teil des nationalen Rechts ist (die "UK PRIIPs-Verordnung"), erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt 
für 
das 
Angebot 
oder 
den 
Verkauf 
oder 
die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK erstellt; daher kann 
das 
Angebot 
oder 
der 
Verkauf 
oder 
die 
sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger in UK nach der UK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig 
sein. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – In connection with 
Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Securities, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Securities issued under the 
Programme are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Produkteinstufungsmitteilung – Gemäß Section 
309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur, in der jeweils geänderten oder 
ergänzten Fassung ("SFA"), und der Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 von Singapur ("CMP Regulations 2018"), hat die Emittentin, sofern vor 
einem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen nicht anders angegeben, bestimmt und informiert 
hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei 
den im Rahmen des Programms ausgegebenen Schuldverschreibungen um 'prescribed 
capital markets products' (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und um Excluded 
Investment Products (wie in der MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products und der MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products 
definiert) handelt.]

--- Page 295 ---
293 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
 
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): B81CK4ESI35472RHJ606 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series: [ ], Tranche [ ] 
Serie: [ ], Tranche [ ] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben aufgrund des 
Euro 1,500,000,000 Additional Tier 1 Notes Programme 
of 
der 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Issue Price: [ ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: [ ]% 
 
Issue Date: [ ]1 
Tag der Begebung: [ ]1 
 
These Final Terms dated [●] (the "Final Terms") have been prepared for the purpose of Article 
8 (5) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017, as amended. Full information on the Issuer, the LBBW Group as well as the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of the Final Terms when read together with the base 
prospectus dated 25 October 2024, including any supplements thereto (the "Base 
Prospectus"). The Base Prospectus [and the supplement dated [insert date] [[,] [and] the 
supplement dated [insert date] [●]]2] has been or will be, as the case may be, published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). [The Final Terms relating 
to the Notes will be published on [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com)] [the website of the Issuer (www.lbbw.de)] [●]. 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen vom [●] (die "Endgültigen Bedingungen") wurden für die 
Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung) abgefasst. 
Vollständige Informationen über die Emittentin und das Angebot der Schuldverschreibungen 
sind ausschließlich auf der Grundlage dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen im Zusammenlesen 
mit dem Basisprospekt vom 25. Oktober 2024 und etwaiger Nachträge dazu (der 
"Basisprospekt") erhältlich. Dieser Basisprospekt [und der Nachtrag vom [Datum einfügen] 
[[,] [und] der Nachtrag vom [Datum einfügen] [●]]2] wurden bzw. werden auf der Webseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (https://www.luxse.com) veröffentlicht. Die Endgültigen Bedingungen 
bezüglich dieser Schuldverschreibungen werden auf [der Webseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(https://www.luxse.com)][und][der Webseite der Emittentin (www.lbbw.de)] [ ] veröffentlicht. 
Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and 
Conditions, as set out in the Base Prospectus (the "Terms and Conditions"). 
 
1  
The Issue Date is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist 
der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
 
2  
To be inserted if relevant. 
Auszufüllen soweit relevant.

--- Page 296 ---
294 
Begriffe, 
die 
in 
den 
im 
Prospekt 
enthaltenen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(die 
"Emissionsbedingungen") definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
etwas anderes bestimmen, die gleiche Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
The completed and specified provisions of the relevant Option [I] [II] [III] [IV] of the Terms and 
Conditions represent the conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Notes (the 
"Conditions"). 
Die vervollständigten und spezifizierten Bestimmungen der jeweiligen Option [I] [II] [III] [IV] 
der Emissionsbedingungen stellen die Bedingungen für die betreffende Serie der 
Schuldverschreibungen dar (die "Bedingungen").

--- Page 297 ---
295 
Part I.  
Teil I.  
Conditions that complete and specify the Terms and Conditions. 
Bedingungen, die die Emissionsbedingungen komplettieren bzw. spezifizieren. 
The applicable and legally binding Conditions are as set out below in the German language 
version together with a non-binding English language translation thereof. 
[In the case of Notes issued in Euro replicate the relevant provisions of Option I 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders] 
[In the case of Notes issued in U.S. dollars replicate the relevant provisions of Option 
II including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders] 
[In the case of Notes issued in Singapore dollars replicate the relevant provisions of 
Option III including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders] 
[In the case of Notes issued in Australian dollars replicate the relevant provisions of 
Option IV including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders] 
Die geltenden und rechtlich bindenden Bedingungen sind wie nachfolgend in der deutschen 
Sprache aufgeführt zusammen mit einer unverbindlichen Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die in Euro begeben werden, die betreffenden 
Angaben der Option I einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen wiederholen 
und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die in U.S.-Dollar begeben werden, die 
betreffenden Angaben der Option II einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen 
wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die in Singapur Dollar begeben werden, die 
betreffenden Angaben der Option III einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen 
wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die in Australischen Dollar begeben werden, die 
betreffenden Angaben der Option IV einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen 
wiederholen und betreffende Platzhalter vervollständigen]

--- Page 298 ---
296 
Part II. 
Teil II. 
Interest of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, die an der Emission beteiligt sind 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus] [●] 
[Wie im Basisprospekt dargestellt] [●] 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds 
Gründe für das Angebot und Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[specify details] [●] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] [●] 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
ISIN Code 
[●] 
ISIN Code 
[●] 
Common Code 
[●] 
Common Code 
[●] 
German Securities Code 
[●] 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[●] 
Any other securities number 
[●] 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
[●] 
Yield 
[●] 
Rendite 
[●] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [reference rate]. As at the date 
of these Final Terms, [administrator] [does] [do] [not] appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (as amended, the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). [●]] 
[Die unter den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge können unter Bezugnahme auf 
[Referenzsatz] berechnet werden. Zum Zeitpunkt dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen [erscheint] 
[erscheinen] [Administrator] [nicht] im Verzeichnis der Administratoren und Benchmarks, das von der 
Europäischen Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") gemäß Artikel 36 der Benchmark-
Verordnung (Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011) (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, die "Benchmark-
Verordnung") eingerichtet und verwaltet wird. [●]] 
Admission to trading 
[Yes][No] 
Handelsaufnahme 
[Ja][Nein] 
[ ] Stuttgart 
Stuttgart 
 
[ ] Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
[ ] Open Market 
 
Freiverkehr

--- Page 299 ---
297 
[ ] Frankfurt am Main 
 
Frankfurt am Main 
 
[ ] Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
[ ] Open Market 
 Freiverkehr 
 
[ ] Luxembourg  
 
Luxemburg 
 
[ ] Regulated Market 
 
Regulierter Markt 
 
[ ] Euro MTF Market 
 
Euro MTF Markt 
 
[ ] Other (insert details) 
Sonstige (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
[●] 
[●] 
Expected Date of admission3 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung4 
[●] 
[●] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to 
the admission of trading: 
[●] 
Geschätzte 
Gesamtkosten 
für 
die 
Zulassung zum Handel 
[●] 
 
Rating4 
[●] 
Rating4 
[●] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is 
registered or has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by 
Regulation (EC) No 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2011, (the 
"CRA Regulation"). 
Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft 
hat und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, geändert durch Verordnung (EU) Nr. 513/2011 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 11. Mai 2011, (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") 
registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] 
[The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") publishes on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under 
Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the 
Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines 
Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die 
Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen 
Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
 
3  
To be completed only, if known.  
 
Nur auszufüllen, sofern bekannt. 
4  
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt.

--- Page 300 ---
298 
[With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the 
Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading; and (ii) the 
Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the 
accuracy thereof. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von einer 
Drittpartei gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend 
wiedergegeben worden sind und — soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen 
Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte — wurden keine Fakten 
unterschlagen, die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden und 
(ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine 
Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
 
______________________________ 
 
______________________________ 
[Name & title of signatories] 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden]

--- Page 301 ---
299 
INTEREST PAYMENTS AND DISTRIBUTABLE ITEMS OF THE ISSUER 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, Interest Payments in respect of the Notes 
are entirely discretionary (i.e. interest will not accrue if the Issuer has elected, at its sole 
discretion, to cancel payments of interest (non-cumulative), in whole or in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date) and subject to the fulfillment of certain conditions. 
In particular, the Notes will not bear interest, in whole or in part, on any Interest Payment Date, 
if and to the extent that, the competent authority orders that all or part of the relevant payment 
of interest be cancelled or another prohibition of Distribution is imposed by law or by authority. 
Further, pursuant to § 3 (8)(b)(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes will not 
bear interest, in whole or in part, on any Interest Payment Date 
"to the extent that such payment of interest together with (A) the amount of a write-up, if any, 
in accordance with § 5(9) to be effected as of the relevant Interest Payment Date, (B) any 
additional Distributions (as defined in § 3(9)) that are scheduled to be made or have been 
made on the same day or that have been made by the Issuer on other Tier 1 Instruments (as 
defined in § 3(9)) in the then current financial year of the Issuer and (C) the total amount of 
write-ups, if any, on any other AT1 Instruments to be effected as of the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or have been effected in the then current financial year of the Issuer would 
exceed the Available Distributable Items (as defined in § 3(9)), provided that, for such purpose, 
the Available Distributable Items shall be increased by an amount equal to what has been 
accounted for as expenses for Distributions in respect of Tier 1 Instruments (for the avoidance 
of doubt, including payments of interest on the Notes) in the determination of the profit on 
which the Available Distributable Items are based". 
In order to determine whether the Issuer will be permitted, pursuant to the preceding sentence, 
to make an Interest Payment on the Notes on any Interest Payment Date, the Issuer will first 
determine the Available Distributable Items in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes by: 
 
determining the net profit/loss (Jahresüberschuss/Jahresfehlbetrag) as of the end of 
the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date on the basis of the unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in 
accordance with German commercial law for the financial year of the Issuer 
immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date; 
 
adding, as applicable, any profits brought forward and reserves available for that 
purpose, before distributions to holders of own funds instruments on the basis of the 
unconsolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with German 
commercial law for the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant 
Interest Payment Date; 
 
subtracting, as applicable, any losses brought forward and any profits which are non-
distributable pursuant to the applicable laws of the European Union or Germany or the 
Articles of Association of the Issuer and any sums placed in non-distributable reserves 
in accordance with the applicable laws of Germany or the Articles of Association of the 
Issuer; 
in each case with respect to the specific category of own funds of the Notes as AT1 
Instruments to which the applicable laws of the European Union or Germany or the Articles of 
Associations of the Issuer relate and as determined on the basis of the unconsolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with German commercial law for 
the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
The Issuer will then increase such amount by the aggregate amount of interest already 
accounted for as expenses in respect of Tier 1 Instruments (i.e. capital instruments which, 
according to CRR, qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 instruments or Additional Tier 1

--- Page 302 ---
300 
instruments, which will include the Notes) in the unconsolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year of the Issuer immediately preceding the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
In addition, the determination of the Available Distributable Items (substantially the 
'distributable items' as defined in Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR from time to time) shall be based 
on the Applicable Supervisory Regulations at the time of the determination and, accordingly, 
only those amounts shall be added or deducted that may be added or have to be deducted 
(as the case may be) for purposes of determining the amounts distributable on AT1 
Instruments under the Applicable Supervisory Regulations (see "2.2.2 Interest Payments 
depend, among other things, on the Issuer's Available Distributable Items.").  
In this context, it should be noted that the definition of distributable items in Article 4 (1) no. 
128 CRR has been amended.  
Distributable items are defined by Article 4 paragraph 1 (128) CRR and include capital 
reserves, whereas amounts blocked for distribution under § 268 (8) or § 253 (6) of the German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) have to be deducted. While, as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, there are good arguments to assume that it is permitted to calculate the 
Available Distributable Items for the purpose of distributions under the Notes on the basis of 
the definition of 'distributable items', it cannot be excluded that the supervisory practice will no 
longer acknowledge the inclusion of (i) the capital reserves or (ii) any other amounts for 
increasing the Available Distributable Items in the future when determining whether Interest 
Payments will or will not accrue in light of the Available Distributable Items at that time. 
After determining the Available Distributable Items, the Issuer will then count against such 
sum every Distribution on other Tier 1 Instruments that have already been made by the Issuer 
in the then-current financial year. From the remaining amount the Issuer would be permitted 
to make an Interest Payment on the Notes, to the extent such amount exceeds Distributions 
on other Tier 1 Instruments that are scheduled to be made on the same day or that have been 
made on the relevant Interest Payment Date and the total amount of write-ups which shall be 
effected as of the relevant Interest Payment Date or have been effected in the then-current 
financial year. 
The following table sets out Available Distributable Items of LBBW (in each case as of 31 
December of the relevant financial year): 
 
Art. 4 (1) No. 128
LBBW (Bank) in accordance 
with 
German 
Commercial 
Code
YE 2023
(in EUR million)
YE 2022
(in EUR million)
a) 
distributable 
items 
means the amount of the 
profits 
at 
the 
end
of the last financial year 
a) Net profit (Jahresüberschuss)
400
240
  
  
  
  
b) plus any profits brought 
forward 
and 
reserves 
available 
for
that purpose 
b) Retained earnings (Andere 
Gewinnrücklagen) 
                      1,502  
                      1,501  
Capital 
reserve 
(Kapitalrücklage) 
                      8,240  
                      8,240  
  
Profits brought forward 
(Gewinnvortrag) 
-
-
c) before distributions to 
holders 
of 
own 
funds 
instruments 
c) 
Adjustment 
of 
interest 
expenses8 
-
-
  
  
 
 
d) less any losses brought 
forward 
d) 
Losses 
brought 
forward 
(Verlustvortrag) 
-
-
  
  
 
 
e) profits which are non-
distributable pursuant to
e) Transfer to other retained 
earnings 
-
-

--- Page 303 ---
301 
provisions in legislation or 
the institution's bye-laws 
Non-distributable amount
blocked under HGB 268 
(8) and 253 (6)4 
-19
-56
  
  
  
  
f) and sums placed to non-
distributable reserves in 
accordance  
with national law or the 
statutes of the institution 
f) 
Amounts 
not 
distributable 
(Capital reserve)5 
-8,240
-8,240
  
  
  
  
  
ADI3 (former CRR) ≙ Amount 
referred to in § 3 (8)(b)(i) of the 
terms and conditions of the 
respective Notes as being 
available to cover Interest 
Payments on the Notes and 
Distributions on other Tier 1 
Instruments3
1,883
1,685
  
  
  
  
  
+ 
Non-distributable 
amount
blocked under HGB 268 (8) 
and 253 (6)6 
19
56
  
  
  
  
  
+ Amounts not distributable 
(Capital reserves)7 
8,240
8,240
  
  
  
  
  
ADI3 (CRR II1,2) ≙ Amount 
referred to in § 3 (8)(b)(i) of the 
terms and conditions of the 
respective Notes as being 
available to cover Interest 
Payments on the Notes and 
Distributions on other Tier 1 
Instruments3
10,143
9,982
  
  
  
  
  
Profit distribution 
-400
-240
1CRR II refers to the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 as amended by the 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and, in particular, with regard to 
the amendment of Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR in force since 27 June 2019.
2Figures have been computed on the basis of a retrospective application of the new provisions based on CRR II, are shown 
for illustrative purposes only and are unaudited.
3Unaudited figures for information purposes only.  
4Amounts blocked for distribution to shareholders under § 268 (8) or § 253 (6) of the German Commercial Code do not form 
part of the 'distributable items' under the former CRR framework and must be deducted from the distributable profits (see 
former Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR).
5Capital reserve pursuant to § 272 (2) no. 1 to 3 of the German Commercial Code (Kapitalrücklage) does not form part of the 
'distributable items' under the former CRR framework (see former Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR). 
6The Issuer takes the view that these amounts are no longer blocked under CRR II for purposes of the distributable items 
referring to AT1 instruments such as the Notes under the revised Article 4 (1) no. 128 under the CRR II framework (see also 
"Interest Payments depend, among other things, on the Issuer's Available Distributable Items"). 
7The Issuer takes the view that the capital reserve is captured and constitutes an eligible distributable item under the revised 
Article 4 (1) no. 128 CRR under the CRR II framework (see also "Interest Payments depend, among other things, on the 
Issuer's Available Distributable Items"). 
8Available legacy AT1 are not reflected. 
When making distributions (including Interest Payments on the Notes), if any, the Issuer 
presently intends to give due consideration to the capital hierarchy and to preserve the 
seniority of claims. However, the Issuer may, at its full discretion, cancel payments in respect 
of the Notes at any time even if sufficient Available Distributable Items are available and

--- Page 304 ---
302 
despite the Issuer making payments on claims that rank pari passu or even junior to the claims 
under the Notes. Furthermore, no assurance can be made as to, and investors should not rely 
on, the availability of Available Distributable Items in the future.

--- Page 305 ---
303 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GERMAN BOND ACT  
The following is a summary of the more fundamental principles relating to noteholders’ 
resolutions under the German Bond Act (Gesetz über Schuldverschreibungen aus 
Gesamtemissionen (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz, "SchVG")). It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all provisions comprised in the SchVG. Furthermore, this section 
does not comprise all considerations which might be relevant for an investor and does not 
cover any specifics which might apply in connection with resolutions of noteholders in relation 
to a specific issue of Notes under this Base Prospectus. 
Introduction 
On 5 August 2009, the SchVG dated 31 July 2009 entered into force. In general, the SchVG 
is applicable, inter alia, to all bearer bonds issued under German law on or after the day the 
act entered into force. One exception to the applicability of the SchVG are covered bonds 
(Pfandbriefe) within the meaning of the German Pfandbrief Act.  
Resolutions of Noteholders 
Pursuant to § 9 of the Terms and Conditions §§ 5 to 21 of the SchVG are applicable (so called 
opt-in). Noteholders may, subject to compliance with the requirements of regulatory law for 
the recognition of the Notes as AT1 Instruments and (if necessary under applicable regulatory 
laws) the permission of the competent authority, agree with the Issuer on amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by resolution with the 
majority specified in § 9(2) of the Terms and Conditions. For the avoidance of doubt: The 
Terms and Conditions may not be amended without the consent of the Issuer. 
The specific provisions relating to noteholders’ resolutions in the SchVG provide a framework 
for noteholders’ resolutions. Deviations from the provisions contained in §§ 5 to 21 of the 
SchVG to the disadvantage of the noteholders are only possible insofar as expressly provided 
for in the SchVG.  
A resolution passed with the applicable majority will be binding upon all noteholders and shall 
ensure an equal treatment of the noteholders of such notes. A resolution that does not provide 
for equal terms for all noteholders shall be invalid unless the disadvantaged noteholders 
expressly approve such discrimination. 
Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments to the Terms and Conditions which are not material and 
which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5(3) nos. 1 to 9 SchVG require a simple majority 
of the votes cast. 
Generally, noteholders may pass resolutions either in a noteholders’ meeting or by voting 
without meeting. With respect to the Notes, all votes will be taken exclusively by vote taken 
without a meeting. A meeting of Noteholders and the assumption of the fees by the Issuer for 
such a meeting will only take place in the circumstances of § 18(4) sentence 2 SchVG. The 
voting procedure will be determined on the basis of the voting request. 
Voting right 
The voting right(s) of a noteholder are determined on the basis of the nominal amount or, as 
the case may be, proportionally by reference to the outstanding Notes. The conditions of 
participation and voting may be stipulated in the conditions applicable to the Notes or specified 
in the individual convocation of the noteholders’ meeting or, in the event of voting without 
meeting, in the relevant voting request. 
Joint representative 
The provisions of the SchVG provide for a joint representative for all noteholders (the "Joint 
Representative") to be determined in the conditions applicable to the notes or otherwise. If 
such appointment of the Joint Representative was made in the conditions applicable to the

--- Page 306 ---
304 
notes, special requirements stipulated by the SchVG apply. 
The Joint Representative can be any person who has legal capacity or any competent legal 
entity. The appointment of persons belonging to the sphere of interest of the issuer is subject 
to specific disclosure requirements. However, in the event of appointment in the conditions 
applicable to the notes, the appointment of a member of the management board, of the 
supervisory board, administrative board or similar, of an employee of the issuer or of one of 
its affiliates shall be void. The appointment in the Conditions of such other persons belonging 
to the sphere of interest of the issuer as specified in the SchVG requires the disclosure of the 
relevant circumstances in the Conditions. 
The Joint Representative shall have the duties and capacities assigned to him by the SchVG 
(such as to convene a noteholders’ meeting) or, as the case may be, those assigned to him 
by the noteholders by majority decision or as specified in Conditions. The Joint Representative 
may demand from the issuer to be provided with all such information required for the 
performance of its duties. 
The liability of the Joint Representative may be limited either by the noteholders by means of 
resolution or, to a certain extent, in the terms and conditions. In this context the SchVG 
specifies that the Conditions may limit the liability of the Joint Representative of the 
Noteholders of the relevant Notes to ten times of the amount of its annual remuneration except 
in case of wilful misconduct (Vorsatz) or gross negligence (grobe Fahrlässigkeit) of the Joint 
Representative. 
Convening of noteholders’ meetings 
A noteholders’ meeting may be convened by the issuer or by the Joint Representative of the 
noteholders. Under certain circumstances further specified in the SchVG or, as the case may 
be, as provided in the conditions applicable to the notes, a noteholders’ meeting has to be 
convened if this is requested by noteholders representing at least 5 per cent of the outstanding 
notes. 
The noteholders’ meeting must be convened at least fourteen (14) days prior to the date of 
the meeting. If a registration is required in order to participate in a noteholders’ meeting or to 
exercise any voting rights the notice period shall take into account the registration period. The 
registration has to be submitted on the third day prior to the noteholders’ meeting at the latest 
and shall be sent to the address which has been provided in the notification of convocation of 
the noteholders’ meeting.  
Pursuant to the SchVG, for issuers having their registered office in Germany the noteholders 
meeting shall take place at the place where the issuer has its registered office or if the relevant 
notes are admitted to trading on a stock exchange within the meaning of § 1 (3e) of the 
Banking Act based in a member state of the European Union or in another state of the EEA, 
the noteholders’ meeting may also be held at the place where such stock exchange has its 
registered office. 
The convocation to the noteholders’ meeting must indicate the name, the registered office of 
the issuer, the time and place of the noteholders’ meeting as well as the conditions for 
participation in the meeting and exercise of the voting right(s). The convocation must be made 
publicly available in the federal gazette (Bundesanzeiger) and in such other form, if any, as 
specified in the conditions applicable to the Notes. In addition, the convocation as well as the 
conditions for participation in the meeting and exercise of the voting right(s) must be made 
available to the Noteholders by the issuer via publication on its website or, if the issuer does 
not maintain a website, on such other website as specified in the conditions applicable to the 
notes, from the day of the convocation until the day of the meeting. 
Noteholders’ meetings 
The agenda of the meeting together with a proposed resolution for each agenda item subject 
to noteholders’ resolution must be made publicly available together with the convocation. No

--- Page 307 ---
305 
resolutions may be made with respect to items of the agenda that have not been made publicly 
available as required. Noteholders representing at least 5 per cent of the outstanding notes 
may demand that new agenda items shall be made publicly available. Such new matters must 
be published on the third day prior to the date of the meeting at the latest. 
Counter-motions announced by any noteholder prior to the meeting must be made available 
to the noteholders by the issuer on its website without undue delay until the day of the meeting 
or, if the issuer does not maintain a website, on such other website as specified in the 
Conditions. 
The convocation shall make reference to the option of each noteholder to be represented by 
proxy in the noteholders’ meeting, indicating the conditions to be fulfilled for a valid 
representation by proxy. The proxy shall be presented in writing. 
The convening party shall chair the noteholders’ meeting, unless another chairperson has 
been appointed by court decision. In the noteholders’ meeting the chairperson will prepare a 
register of the noteholders present or represented. The register will be signed by the 
chairperson and made available to all noteholders without undue delay. 
The noteholders’ meeting has a quorum if the noteholders’ present represent at least 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding notes by value. If the meeting does not have a quorum the chairperson 
may convene a second meeting. Such second noteholders’ meeting requires no quorum; for 
resolutions requiring a qualified majority the noteholders’ present shall represent at least 25 
per cent of the outstanding notes. However, the conditions applicable to the notes may contain 
higher quorum requirements. 
Unless otherwise provided by the conditions applicable to the notes, the relevant provisions 
of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) for voting of the shareholders in the 
general meeting of shareholders (Hauptversammlung) are applicable mutatis mutandis to voting 
and the counting of votes. 
Voting without meeting 
In the case of voting without a meeting the provisions applicable to the convocation and 
procedure of noteholders’ meetings apply mutatis mutandis, unless otherwise provided in the 
SchVG. The conditions of participation and voting may be stipulated in the conditions 
applicable to the notes or specified in the relevant voting request. 
The voting request shall indicate the voting period which shall be no shorter than seventy-two 
(72) hours. Votes shall be given in writing but the conditions applicable to the notes may also 
provide for other forms of voting.  
The entitlement to participate in the voting procedure shall be evidenced in the same manner 
as in the case of a noteholders’ meeting. A list of noteholders entitled to vote will be prepared. 
If there is no quorum a noteholders’ meeting may be convened that will be considered as a 
second noteholders’ meeting with regard to quorum. Any resolution must be recorded in the 
minutes, a copy of which may be requested by each noteholder which participated in the voting 
within a period of one year after the voting period. 
Each noteholder which participated in the voting may object in writing against resolutions 
within a period of two weeks after the publication of the resolution.

--- Page 308 ---
306 
LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG  
1. 
Description of LBBW 
1.1 
Name, Registered Office and Corporate Purpose 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg ("LBBW" or the "Bank" and LBBW together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries the "LBBW Group") is a public law institution with legal capacity 
(rechtsfähige Anstalt des öffentlichen Rechts) established by virtue of the Landesbank Baden-
Württemberg Act (Gesetz über die Landesbank Baden-Württemberg) of 11 November 1998 
(the "LBBW Act"). LBBW was formed, with effect from 1 January 1999, by the merger of 
Südwestdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale ("SüdwestLB"), Landeskreditbank Baden-
Württemberg 
("former 
L-Bank") 
and 
Landesgirokasse 
- 
öffentliche 
Bank 
und 
Landessparkasse ("Landesgirokasse"). Upon merger, the assets and liabilities of former L-
Bank and Landesgirokasse as at 31 December 1998 were transferred to SüdwestLB. The 
former state development business (Förderteil) of former L-Bank was separated from the 
commercial banking business (Marktteil) of former L-Bank with effect from 1 December 1998 
and transferred as of that date to the newly created Landeskreditbank Baden-Württemberg-
Förderbank, an independent public law institution with legal capacity and separate legal 
personality. 
LBBW is organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany and the State of 
Baden-Württemberg and is registered in the commercial register in Stuttgart (registration 
number: HRA 12704), Mannheim (registration number: HRA 004356 and HRA 104440), and 
Mainz (registration number: HRA 40687).  
As set out in Section 2 of the LBBW Act, LBBW is a universal and commercial bank and 
together with its regional retail bank BW Bank it offers its services in about 90 branches and 
offices throughout Germany.  
LBBW also supports its domestic customers and customers of the affiliated Savings Banks 
abroad and offers them an on-site service at selected locations. Under the LBBW Act, LBBW 
acts as: 
• 
a universal bank and an international commercial bank; 
• 
a central bank to the Savings Banks in the State of Baden-Württemberg, Saxony and 
Rhineland-Palatinate; and  
• 
a Savings Bank in Stuttgart, the state capital of Baden-Württemberg. 
LBBW enjoys full freedom of business and freedom of establishment rights and is authorised 
to provide the full range of banking and financial services, as well as all other appropriate 
business activities deemed in the interest of the Landesbank without being subject to any 
regional restrictions. LBBW finances its activities using various sources of funding, including 
the issuance of debt securities and deposits from banks and customers. 
LBBW's head offices are located at: Am Hauptbahnhof 2, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany; Ludwig-
Erhard-Allee 4, 76131 Karlsruhe, Germany; Augustaanlage 33, 68165 Mannheim, Germany 
and Rheinallee 86, 55120 Mainz, Germany and its telephone number is +49 (0) 711 127-0. 
LBBW's official website can be found at www.LBBW.de.  
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of LBBW is B81CK4ESI35472RHJ606. 
1.2 
Shareholding in LBBW  
LBBW 
is 
owned 
by 
the 
Savings 
Bank 
Association 
of 
Baden-Württemberg 
(Sparkassenverband Baden-Württemberg; the "Association"), the State of Baden-
Württemberg 
("Baden-Württemberg"), 
the 
City 
of 
Stuttgart 
("Stuttgart"), 
and 
Landesbeteiligungen Baden-Württemberg GmbH ("Landesbeteiligungen BW").  
With effect from 1 January 2013, the General Meeting held on 7 December 2012 has decided

--- Page 309 ---
307 
the conversion of silent partners' contributions totalling 2,230,556,358.79 EUR. The amount 
of 900,412,867.65 EUR thereof was added to the share capital. Thus the share capital as at 
30 June 2024 amounts to 3,483,912,867.65 EUR, unchanged since 1 January 2013. 
With effect as of 28 December 2015 (24:00 h), Landeskreditbank Baden-Württemberg - 
Förderbank transferred its direct shareholding in LBBW (in the nominal amount of 
EUR 69,900,000) to Landesbeteiligungen BW and declared that it ceases to be an owner 
(Träger) of LBBW. 
Shareholder 
stake in nominal 
capital 
(in millions EUR) 
Percentage of 
Outstanding  
shares of LBBW hold 
Association  
1,412.2 
40.534118 
Baden-Württemberg 
870.6 
24.988379 
Stuttgart 
659.6 
18.931764 
Landesbeteiligungen BW* 
541.6 
15.545739 
 
1.3 
Board of Managing Directors 
The "Board of Managing Directors" (Vorstand) manages the business of LBBW and 
represents LBBW. As of the date of this Base Prospectus it consists of seven members who 
are appointed by the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board appoints a Chairman and 
may appoint one or several Vice Chairmen of the Board of Managing Directors. The Chairman 
serves as the chief executive officer of LBBW. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus the members of the Board of Managing Directors are: 
Rainer Neske (Chairman) 
Anastasios Agathagelidis 
Joachim Erdle 
Andreas Götz 
Dirk Kipp 
Stefanie Münz 
Thorsten Schönenberger 
The business address of each of the above is Am Hauptbahnhof 2, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany. 
The members of the Board of Managing Directors also hold positions in the administrative, 
managerial or supervisory bodies of the following companies: 
Neske, Rainer 
TRUMPF SE + Co. KG 
Member of the board of 
administration 
Leibinger SE 
Member of the board of 
administration 
Bundesverband 
Öffentlicher 
Banken 
Deutschland e.V. (VÖB) 
Deputy president of the board 
of managing directors 
Deutscher Sparkassen- und Giroverband e.V. Deputy president of the board 
of managing directors 
 
* Landesbeteiligungen Baden-Württemberg (BW) GmbH is owned by Baden-Württemberg and by Landeskreditbank Baden-
Württemberg – Förderbank (L-Bank).

--- Page 310 ---
308 
Deputy chairman of giro 
central management 
conference 
(Girozentralleiterkonferenz) 
Kreditanstalt für Wiederaufbau 
Member of the board of 
administration 
Götz, Andreas 
Deutscher Sparkassen Verlag GmbH 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Siedlungswerk 
GmbH 
Wohnungs- 
und 
Städtebau 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
LBBW 
Asset 
Management 
Investmentgesellschaft mbH 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Agathagelidis, 
Anastasios 
Berlin Hyp AG 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
LBBW Immobilien Management GmbH 
Deputy 
chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory board 
MMV Bank GmbH 
Deputy 
chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory board 
MMV Leasing Gesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung 
Deputy 
Chairman 
of 
the 
advisory 
board 
with 
supervisory function 
SüdFactoring GmbH 
Deputy 
chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory board 
SüdLeasing GmbH 
Deputy 
chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory board 
Erdle, Joachim 
BWK GmbH 
Unternehmensbeteiligungsgesellschaft 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
MMV Bank GmbH 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
MMV Leasing Gesellschaft mit beschränkter 
Haftung 
Chairman of the advisory 
board 
with 
supervisory 
function 
Süd Beteiligungen GmbH 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
SüdFactoring GmbH 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
SüdLeasing GmbH 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
Münz, Stefanie 
Berlin Hyp AG 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank 
Member of the board of 
administration 
Dirk Kipp 
Berlin Hyp AG 
Member of the supervisory 
board

--- Page 311 ---
309 
LBBW Asset Management 
Investmentgesellschaft mbH 
Member of the supervisory 
board 
Schönenberger, 
Thorsten 
Berlin Hyp AG 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
LBBW Immobilien Management GmbH 
Chairman of the supervisory 
board 
Siedlungswerk GmbH Wohnungs- und 
Städtebau 
Deputy 
chairman 
of 
the 
supervisory board 
 
1.4 
General Meeting 
The shareholders' representatives form the General Meeting. The powers of the General 
Meeting have – in accordance with the decision of the European Commission – been restricted 
to the specific responsibilities of a General Meeting pursuant to the stock corporation act 
(Aktiengesetz).  
The powers in particular are as follows: information rights, the right of passing resolutions 
regarding the allocation of profits, of discharging the members of the Supervisory Board and 
Board of Managing Directors from responsibility and of passing resolutions regarding LBBW's 
articles of association and its amendments. 
1.5 
Supervisory Board 
LBBW's Supervisory Board consists of 21 members. Eight of the 14 seats allocated to 
shareholders have been filled with members drawn from outside the owners. The remaining 
seven members of the Supervisory Board are selected as representatives of the employees 
and confirmed by vote at the general meeting.  
In a change from previous practice, the functions of oversight and supervision of the Board of 
Managing Directors are now bundled exclusively in the Supervisory Board. This includes the 
appointment and dismissal of the members of the Board of Managing Directors as well as that 
of the Chairman and Deputy Chairmen of the Board.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the 
Members of the Supervisory Board are: 
Principal activity performed outside the 
Issuer 
Chairman 
Christian Brand 
Former 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Management of L-Bank 
Deputy Chairman 
Dr. Danyal Bayaz 
Minister of Finance of the State of Baden-
Württemberg 
Jörg Armborst* 
Employee Representative of LBBW 
Jens Baumgarten* 
Employee Representative of LBBW 
Wolfgang Dietz 
Lord Mayor of the Town of Weil am Rhein 
Christian Hirsch* 
Employee Representative of LBBW 
Bernhard Ilg 
Lord Mayor (retired) 
Gabriele Kellermann 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Board of 
Managing Directors of BBBank eG 
Marc Oliver Kiefer* 
Employee Representative of LBBW 
Bettina Kies-Hartmann* 
Employee Representative of LBBW

--- Page 312 ---
310 
Dr. Frank Nopper 
Lord Mayor of the State Capital Stuttgart 
Dr. Fritz Oesterle 
Attorney at Law 
Martin Peters 
Managing Partner of the Eberspächer Group
B. Jutta Schneider 
Shareholder of Schneider und Peters 
Consulting GbR 
Peter Schneider 
President of the Savings Bank Association of 
Baden-Württemberg 
Wiebke Sommer* 
Employee Representative of LBBW  
Dr. Florian Stegmann 
State Secretary and Head of the State 
Chancellery of Baden-Württemberg 
Thomas Strobl 
Minister of the Interior, Digitalisation and 
Local Government of the State of Baden-
Württemberg 
Dr. Jutta Stuible-Treder 
Attorney at law, Auditor, Tax consultant 
Burkhard Wittmacher 
Chairman of the Board of Managing 
Directors of Kreissparkasse Esslingen-
Nürtingen 
Norbert Zipf* 
Employee Representative of LBBW 
* Elected by LBBW employees 
The business address of each of the above is Am Hauptbahnhof 2, 70173 Stuttgart, Germany. 
The 
Supervisory 
Board 
created 
from 
its 
members 
an 
Executive 
Committee 
(Präsidialausschuss), an Audit Committee (Prüfungsausschuss), a Risk Committee of the 
Supervisory 
Board 
(Risikoausschuss) 
and 
a 
Compensation 
Control 
Committee 
(Vergütungskontrollausschuss). 
1.6 
Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee consists of five members and prepares the personnel decisions of 
the Supervisory Board. It decides upon the employment and termination of employment of 
members of the Board of Managing Directors, whereas the Supervisory Board is responsible 
for determining the remuneration of members of the Board of Managing Directors. The 
Executive Committee represents Landesbank towards the Board of Managing Directors. 
1.7 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee consists of eight members. In addition to supervising the audit of the 
annual financial statements and of the consolidated financial statements, the Audit Committee 
supervises the accounting process and the effectiveness of the internal control system, of the 
internal auditing system and of the risk management system. It supervises and checks the 
independence of the auditors, and notably any services provided in addition to the audit by 
the auditors for Landesbank. It reports the result of the audit of the annual financial statements 
to the Supervisory Board. 
1.8 
Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board 
The Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board consists of eight members and supervises the 
management of business by the Board of Managing Directors, including the business areas 
of the dependent institutions. The Risk Committee of the Supervisory Board is responsible for 
approving the lending operations in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Risk 
Committee of the Supervisory Board adopted by the Supervisory Board. It must also be

--- Page 313 ---
311 
informed of any loans that display the features specified by the Supervisory Board in the rules 
of procedure. 
1.9 
Compensation Control Committee 
In addition to the existing Executive, Risk and Audit Committees, with the latter assuming the 
statutory duties of the Nomination Committee from 1 January 2014, the Supervisory Board 
established the Compensation Control Committee also required under the amended German 
Banking Act at its meeting on 16 December 2013. The Compensation Control Committee 
consists of seven members. 
1.10 
Advisory Board 
The "Advisory Board LBBW/ BW Bank" (consisting of currently 61 members), the "Advisory 
Board Rheinland-Pfalz und Region Nord/West" (consisting of currently 44 members) and the 
"Advisory Board East" (consisting of currently 35 members) advise the Board of Managing 
Directors on general matters relating to LBBW/BW Bank and fosters the exchange of 
experience among LBBW, private business and public administration. Members of the 
Advisory Board are appointed by the Board of Managing Directors in consultation with the 
Supervisory Board. 
1.11 
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
Every member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies is obliged to act in 
the interests of the bank. In the event of a conflict of interests, the member concerned does 
not participate in the deliberations and voting of the Supervisory Board/Board of Managing 
Directors on the issue in question. At the date of this Base Prospectus LBBW is not aware of 
any potential conflicts of interest between the duties resulting from the position of being a 
member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies and their private interests 
and/or other duties which could be material to LBBW as Issuer.  
1.12 
List of consolidated Subsidiaries  
A list of the subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements 2023 of the Issuer 
can be found on pages 239 through 244 of the Consolidated Annual Report 2023 of the Issuer. 
Such parts of the Consolidated Annual Report 2023 of the Issuer are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus as set out under "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
above. 
1.13 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, involving 
the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such proceedings 
are pending or threatened) which may have or have had during the twelve months prior to the 
date of this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and/or the LBBW Group.  
The banking landscape continues to face legal risks from the further development of consumer 
protection and legal risks related to tax law. 
The continuous processes of legal analysis and risk processes also take account of the 
aforementioned developments. As far as is known today, adequate provision has been made 
to cover legal risks while at the same time the future development of legislation and legal 
disputes will continue to be of crucial importance for LBBW. Here the provisions formed relate, 
also against the backdrop of the unclear legislative situation, principally to covering legal risks 
resulting from consumer and tax law. 
1.14 
Material Contracts  
Neither LBBW nor any of its consolidated subsidiaries has entered into any contracts outside 
of the ordinary course of business that have had or may reasonably be expected to have a 
material adverse effect on the ability of LBBW to meet its obligations to Noteholders.

--- Page 314 ---
312 
1.15 
Rating 
The Issuer is rated by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings – a branch 
of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") and DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). Moody's, Fitch 
and DBRS are all established in the European Union or have relevant subsidiaries which are 
established in the European Union and have been registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on rating agencies, as amended from time to time (the 
"Rating Regulation"). Investors should keep in mind that a rating does not constitute a 
recommendation to purchase, sell or hold the debt securities issued by the Issuer. Moreover, 
the ratings awarded by the rating agencies may at any time be changed or withdrawn. 
Moody's has assigned a Long-term Senior Unsecured Bank Debt Rating of Aa21, Outlook 
stable, a Long-term Junior Senior Unsecured Bank Debt Rating of A22, Rating under Review 
for possible Upgrade, a Subordinate Rating of Baa13, a Short-term Rating of P-14 and a Long-
term Issuer Rating of Aa226, Outlook stable, to the Issuer. Moody's has also assigned a Rating 
of Aaa5 to the Issuer's public-sector covered bonds (Öffentliche Pfandbriefe) and to the 
Issuer's mortgage-backed covered bonds (Hypothekenpfandbriefe). Fitch has awarded a 
Long-term Senior Preferred Debt Rating of AA-6, a Long-term Senior Non-Preferred Debt 
Rating of A+7, a Non-guaranteed Tier 2 Subordinated Debt Rating of A-8, a Long-term Issuer 
Default Rating of A+31, Outlook stable and a Short-term Issuer Default Rating of F1+9 to the 
Issuer. DBRS has assigned a Long-Term Senior Debt Rating of A (high)10, Outlook stable, a 
Long-Term Senior Non-Preferred Debt Rating of A34, Outlook Stable, a Subordinated Debt 
Rating of A (low)34, Outlook stable, a Short-Term Debt – and Deposit Rating of R-1 (middle)11, 
Outlook stable, and a Long-term Issuer Rating of A (high)34, Outlook stable, to the Issuer.  
1.16 
Recent Events  
There were no significant events after the end of 2023. 
2. 
Business of LBBW  
LBBW is the parent company of the LBBW Group.  
The LBBW Group’s private customer business and asset management as well as small and 
medium-sized enterprises ("SME") corporate customers business in Baden-Württemberg 
operate under the name BW Bank. Outside Baden-Württemberg, LBBW operates corporate 
 
1 
Obligations rated "Aa" are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk. The modifier "2" indicates a mid-
range ranking in that generic rating category. (Source: Moody's Investors Service Ltd.) 
2 
Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier "2" indicates a 
mid-range ranking. (Source: Moody's Investors Service Ltd.) 
3 
Obligations rated "Baa" are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. The modifier "1" indicates a ranking in the higher end of that generic rating category. (Source: 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd.) 
4 
Issuers rated "P-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations. (Source: Moody's Investors Service Ltd.) 
5 
Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, subject to the lowest level of credit risk. (Source: Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd.) 
6 
"AA" ratings denote expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial 
commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events. The modifier "-" indicates a ranking in the 
lower end of that generic rating category. (Source: Fitch Ratings Ltd.) 
7 
"A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. 
This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings. The modifier "+" indicates a ranking at the upper end of that generic rating category. (Source: Fitch Ratings Ltd.) 
8 
"A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. 
This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher 
ratings. The modifier "-" indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. (Source: Fitch Ratings Ltd.) 
9 
"F1" indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments; the added "+" denotes 
exceptionally strong credit features. (Source: Fitch Ratings Ltd.) 
10 Obligations rated "A" are judged to be of good credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is 
substantial, but of lesser credit quality than "AA". May be vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative factors are 
considered manageable. The rating category also contains the subcategories "(high)" and "(low)". The absence of a 
subcategory indicates the credit rating is in the middle of the category. (Source: DBRS Morningstar) 
11 "R-1 (middle)" indicates superior credit quality. The capacity for the payment of short-term financial obligations as they fall 
due is very high. Differs from "R-1 (high)" by a relatively modest degree. Unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to future events. 
(Source: DBRS Morningstar)

--- Page 315 ---
313 
customer business under the LBBW brand. Group companies for special products (leasing, 
factoring, asset management, real estate and equity investment finance) supplement the 
LBBW Group’s portfolio of services. 
2.1 
Business model of the LBBW Group 
The Group’s business model focuses on customer business in the Corporate Customers, Real 
Estate/Project Finance, Capital Markets Business and Private Customers/Savings Banks 
segments. 
Within this business model, integrated bank management at LBBW takes account of the long-
term company targets set out in the business strategy (growth and relevance, long-term 
profitability, solid capitalization and enhanced efficiency). The key financial performance 
indicators for LBBW are profit/loss before tax (IFRS), return on equity (RoE), the common 
equity Tier 1 capital ratio (in accordance with CRR II/CRD V after full implementation) and the 
cost/income ratio (CIR). Other relevant performance indicators are used at Group and 
segment level as part of strategic management and monitored using the LBBW strategy house 
(formerly the balanced scorecard). The information required for managing the LBBW is 
provided through comprehensive, target-oriented regular reports. 
Growth areas 
All shares of the corporates sector as of 31 December 2018 amounted to EUR 78 billion, of 
which 17% were in automotive, 9% in construction, 8% in chemicals & commodities, 12% in 
consumer goods, 5% in durables, 12% in industry, 5% in pharmaceuticals & healthcare, 8% 
in TM & electronics / IT, 8% in transport & logistics, 10% in utilities & energy and 7% in other. 
As of 30 June 2024, the whole shares of the corporates sector amounted to EUR 103 billion, 
of which 11% were in automotive, 10% in construction, 7% in chemicals & commodities, 11% 
in consumer goods, 4% in durables, 11% in industry, 6% in pharmaceuticals & healthcare, 
12% in TM & electronics / IT, 7% in transport & logistics, 13% in utilities & energy and 8% in 
other.  
The current share of the growth sectors lies at 41%.  
Renewal energy exposure was at EUR 5 billion as of 30 June 2024. 
From 2018 to mid 2024, the corporates portfolio grew by EUR 25 billion, with as of 
30 June 2024 no sector amounting to more than 15% of the whole portfolio.  
Corporate Customers  
In the Corporate Customers segment the focus is on traditional SMEs, companies in the upper 
SME segment with capital market orientation and groups with a capital market focus in the 
regional core markets and other selected economic areas. 
The LBBW Group implements its universal bank approach with a selected range of products 
and services, extending from international business to various forms of financing, payments, 
hedging transactions and asset management. Corporate Finance offers individual consulting 
and financing solutions to corporate customers, as well as structured financing products such 
as syndicated loans, bonds/Schuldschein loans and asset-backed securities. The main focus 
is on expanding sustainability advisory and M&A. Furthermore, LBBW partners with 
municipalities in its core markets. 
In addition, various subsidiaries such as SüdLeasing GmbH, MMV Bank GmbH, SüdFactoring 
GmbH and Süd Beteiligungen GmbH develop equity solutions for SMEs. 
The income in corporate finance increased by EUR 54 million in 2023.  
Real Estate/Project Finance 
The Real Estate/Project Finance segment offers financing solutions for commercial real 
estate, infrastructure and transport projects and renewable energy. The Real Estate business 
area focuses on high-volume commercial real estate financing and real estate leasing

--- Page 316 ---
314 
(refinancing). It currently operates on the market together with the wholly-owned subsidiary 
Berlin Hyp under a two-brand strategy, with each company providing its own services. Both 
banks serve institutional investors, real estate and housing companies and open and closed-
end real estate funds. In a next step, it is planned to fully integrate Berlin Hyp into the parent 
group and bundle the aforementioned activities under the Berlin Hyp brand. Types of use 
include residential, office, retail and logistics in the target markets of Germany, France, the 
UK, North America, Benelux and major economies in Eastern Europe. LBBW’s syndication 
business focuses on structuring and arranging transactions. It also offers refinancing solutions 
as part of real estate lease transactions. 
As well as Berlin Hyp, LBBW Immobilien Management GmbH is another wholly owned 
subsidiary in the Real Estate business area. It operates as a project developer and asset 
manager for LBBW through its Development, Asset and Investment Management and Real 
Estate Services business areas.  
The Project Finance / Transportation business area comprises financing infrastructure and 
energy projects, as well as ECA-covered transport financing. A particular focus here is on 
financing projects aimed at generating renewable energies. Financing requires stable and 
predictable cash flows. Customers are project developers, investors and users in Germany, 
continental Europe, the UK and North America. 
At 30 June 2024, of the total exposure of the group in the amount of EUR 378 billion 19% was 
in real estate (excluding real estate financing for private customers). Of these EUR 70 billion 
11% were other real estate commitments like wealth management customers and decentrally 
managed small-volume regional business. The remaining 89% were originated by the 
segment Real Estate/Project Finance.  
Broken down by location, 69% of the total EUR 70 billion were situated in Germany, 8% in 
North America, 4% in UK, 4% in France, 8% in Benelux, 3% in CEE and 4% outside of the 
already named locations. 
39% of the total portfolio are offices, 33% housing, 11% commercial real estate, 5% logistics, 
2% hotels and 10% mixed use / other uses. 
For the whole portfolio the average probability of default was 0.45%. 40% of the portfolio were 
in rating class 1, another 43% in rating classes 2 to 5, 14% were in the rating classes 6 to 10, 
25% were in rating classes 11 to 15, 1% had a rating class of 16 to 18.  
If divided up by ratio of the outstanding loan amount to the market value of the mortgaged 
properties ("LTV"), 40% have an LTV under 50%, 28% are in the range of 50% to under 60%, 
21% are in the range of 60% to under 75%, 6% are in the range of 75% to under 100%, 1% is 
over 100% and 4% were without data. The average LTV grew slightly from year-end 2023 at 
53% to 54%. 
With a view only to Germany the real estate business division (not including EUR 7.55 billion 
other real estate commitments) portfolio amounts to EUR 42.6 billion in total. 32% of that are 
investments in offices, 44% are in housing, 10% in retail, 5% in logistics, 2% in hotels, 3% 
mixed use and 4% other uses. The LTV for the German real estate division portfolio is 52% 
and the vacancy rate was 4.1%. 
Of the EUR 13.6 billion investment in offices in Germany 35% have a rating class of 1, 51% 
have a rating class of 2 to 5, 9% one of 6 to 8, 3% have a rating class of 9 to 11, 0% have one 
of 12 to 15 and 2% have one of 16 to 18. The LTV for this part of the portfolio is at 56% and 
the vacancy rate was 8.5%. 46% of this portfolio is suitable for refinancing through green 
bonds. 
The EUR 18.8 billion housing portfolio in Germany has an overall LTV of 48%. 75% of the 
portfolio are in rating class 1, 17% are in the rating classes 2 to 5, 5% are rated at 6 to 8, 2% 
are rated at 9 to 11. The vacancy rate was 2%.

--- Page 317 ---
315 
The total of the real estate portfolio situated in north America amounts to EUR 5.4 billion, with 
15% of that in Canada and 85% in the United States of America. Broken down by type, 56% 
are offices, 17% are retail, 3% are hotels, 3% logistics, 8% are other, 13% are housing. In the 
EUR 3.1 billion office sub-portfolio, 14% are rated 1, 28% are rated at 2 to 5, 27% are rated at 
6 to 8, 9% are rated at 9 to 11, 15% are rated at 12 to 15, while 7% are in rating classes 16 to 
18. The LTV of the sub-portfolio lies at 61% and the vacancy rate was around 13%. 51% of 
the sub-portfolio is suitable for refinancing through green bonds. 
Capital Markets Business  
The Capital Markets Business segment comprises Savings Banks, institutional customers and 
banks. The product range comprises capital market investments, (capital market) financing, 
risk management products and financial services (including the custodian bank function), and 
research. In addition, customers are supported through LBBW’s offers for foreign business 
and its international network. The offering in this segment also extends to corporate 
customers.  
LBBW is the central bank for the Savings Banks in the core markets of Baden-Württemberg, 
Saxony and Rhineland-Palatinate. Together with the Savings Banks, it forms a service 
partnership and provides them with a selected range of products and services, both for 
Savings Banks' proprietary business and the market partner business. Services such as 
research or securities processing and administration are offered for further distribution to the 
customers of the Savings Banks. LBBW also offers products and services to other Savings 
Banks beyond the core markets.  
LBBW’s asset management business and the alternatives desk (until 2021: BW-Equity GmbH) 
are pooled within the group subsidiary, LBBW Asset Management Investmentgesellschaft 
mbH. The focus areas are the management of special funds, direct investment mandates and 
mutual funds. At Board of Managing Directors level, wealth and asset management at BW-
Bank and LBBW Asset Management is managed as a joint business area called "LBBW Asset 
and Wealth Management".  
Private Customers/Savings Banks 
The Private Customers/Savings Banks segment comprises classic private customer business, 
asset management, supporting business customers and the meta-and development lending 
banking sector with Savings Banks and their customers. BW-Bank is the Savings Bank of the 
state capital, Stuttgart.  
The range of products and services extends from classic checking accounts, credit card 
business and basic, commercial and individual financing to securities management, asset 
management and pension savings solutions for those with a considerable portfolio of assets 
and complex asset structures. 
In addition to the classic retail customer segment, the business model is orientated towards 
wealth and asset management in Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony. As 
part of the nationwide expansion strategy, wealth management also operates in other regions 
such as Hamburg, Munich and Frankfurt. As well as high net-worth and ultra high net-worth 
individuals, wealth and asset management also serves foundations and family offices. As 
already explained in the Capital Markets Business section, wealth and asset management at 
BW-Bank and LBBW Asset Management has been managed as a joint business area called 
"LBBW Asset and Wealth Management" since fall 2020. BW Bank has combined its services 
in financing and investment matters for business customers (health care practitioners, 
freelancers and tradespeople) into one area.  
LBBW furthermore offers Savings Banks the opportunity, by way of joint credits, to share credit 
risk, helping provide development loans to Savings Bank customers.

--- Page 318 ---
316 
Corporate Items 
The Corporate Items segment includes all business activities not performed by the operating 
segments, such as financial investments and management of LBBW’s portfolio of buildings.  
2.2 
Important developments affecting LBBW  
Funding challenges  
As of 1 July 2022, LBBW took over Berlin Hyp, which previously belonged to the Savings 
Banks via Landesbank Berlin Holding. LBBW plans to fully integrate Berlin Hyp into the parent 
group and bundle its commercial real estate financing activities under the Berlin Hyp brand. 
All minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") eligible liabilities for 
the LBBW Group are funded by LBBW. 
In the first half of 2024 LBBW Group issued EUR 13.2 billion in the capital markets (new issues 
with maturities of more than one year; thereof EUR 11.3 billion were generated by LBBW and 
EUR 1.97 billion by Berlin Hyp). Thereof 27% were Senior Non-Preferred issued by LBBW, 
25% were Senior Preferred issued by LBBW Group, 37% were Pfandbriefe issued by LBBW 
and 11% were Pfandbriefe issued by Berlin Hyp. 47% of all new issues were private 
placements, while the remainder was distributed as benchmarks. The targeted investors for 
issues placed directly were primarily savings banks, private customers, insurance companies 
and pension and investment funds. About 20% of the benchmark funding was issued in USD 
and CHF.  
More than 26% of total Group funding issued in the first half of 2024 is in the ESG format, the 
green and social issues in the first half of 2024 amounted to EUR 3.5 billion. 
The first half of 2024, 2023 and 2022 have been completed in accordance with LBBW’s 
funding plan. 
LBBW's cost of funds could increase in the future and it may need to seek funds from a greater 
variety of sources than has been the case historically. In the highly competitive market in which 
LBBW competes, this could have a significant impact on earnings. In addition, LBBW is subject 
to ratings requirements under various derivatives transactions, structured finance transactions 
and deposit and liquidity facilities. Rating changes could limit LBBW's ability to conduct these 
or other lines of business, which could adversely impact LBBW's financial condition or results 
of operations and could impede LBBW's efforts to meet certain targets. 
As of 30 June 2024, the assets of LBBW Group amounted to EUR 360 billion, namely EUR 16 
billion derivatives, EUR 57 billion deposits with central banks, EUR 53 billion short-term 
money market loans and trading, EUR 40 billion securities portfolio, EUR 150 billion customer 
loans, EUR 8 billion further assets and EUR 36 billion transitory items. At the same time the 
total equity and liabilities amounted to EUR 360 billion, consisting of EUR 14 billion 
derivatives, EUR 71 billion short-term market funding, EUR 92 billion medium- to long-term 
capital markets funding, EUR 125 billion customer deposits, EUR 22 billion equity and similar 
balance sheet items, EUR 1 billion further liabilities and EUR 36 billion transitory items. 
As of 30 June 2024, the liquidity reserve of LBBW Group of EUR 97.6 billion (57% balances 
with central banks, 15% Sovereigns and SSAs, 19% covered bonds and 9% others) consisted 
primarily of high quality liquid assets. 
The securities portfolio of LBBW had, by mid-year of 2024, a volume of EUR 44.3 billion, with 
EUR 37.5 billion in the banking book. Of the securities portfolio 76% were financial assets 
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, 15% were financial assets 
mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss, 9% were financial assets measured 
at amortized cost and 0%were financial assets designated at fair value. The unrealized 
valuation result as of 30 June 2024 was at EUR -1 million. 
Economic Background

--- Page 319 ---
317 
Germany's gross domestic product (GDP) growth in 2023 was 0.1 per cent calendar adjusted 
and 0.3 per cent unadjusted. Private consumption dented 0.4 percentage points, public 
consumption 0.3 percentage points and gross fixed investment another 0.1, while net trade 
contributed 0.5 percentage points. Employment increased during 2023. The average number 
of persons engaged in economic activities was 45.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, and 
thus only moderately increased compared to 45.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. In 2024 
LBBW expects a slightly better economic performance. The GDP forecast for 2024 is +0.3 per 
cent. Inflation retreats and backs real income and private consumption. LBBW also expects a 
positive impulse from ECB’s key rate cuts from mid of 2024 on. For 2024 LBBW expects an 
inflation rate of 2.5 per cent after 5.9 per cent in 2023 (inflation numbers refer to the national 
CPI, base year 2020). 
According to the forecasts of LBBW, in the State of Baden-Wuerttemberg GDP decreased in 
2023 by 0.6 per cent. LBBW expects in 2024 a GDP growth rate of 0.1 per cent in Baden-
Württemberg. 
3. 
Selected Financial Information of LBBW  
3.1 
Overview of Financial Information of the LBBW Group 
The following table provides an overview of the LBBW Group's consolidated statements of 
financial position as of 31 December 2023 and 2022 as well as of 30 June 2024 
31 Dec 2023
31 Dec 2022
30 June 2024
30 June 2023
Assets 
EUR million
EUR million
EUR million
EUR million
Cash and cash equivalents 
12,026
10,569
12,073
17,215
Financial assets measured at amortized cost 
238,565
228,969
263,099
258,969
Loans and advances to banks 
82,241
81,283
101,829
103,489
Loans and advances to customers 
152,883
146,542
157,264
152,952
Debentures and other fixed-income securities 
3,441
1,144
4,005
2,528
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
37,015
36,668
36,336
37,600
Financial assets designated at fair value 
856
1,779
966
1,686
Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or 
loss 
36,317
39,379
41,171
41,400
Shares in investments accounted for using the equity method 
203
226
196
207
Portfolio hedge adjustment attributable to assets 
-237
– 549
-375
-497
Non-current assets held for sale and disposal groups held for sale 
2
1
0
25
Intangible assets 
211
209
210
211
Investment property 
781
791
787
776
Property and equipment 
836
813
855
798
Current income tax assets 
63
71
131
41
Deferred income tax assets 
1,023
967
963
956
Other assets 
5,646
4,281
4,030
4,736
Total assets 
333,305
324,174
360,442
364,124
Figures may be subject to rounding differences. Percentages are based on the exact figures.

--- Page 320 ---
318 
31 Dec 2023
31 Dec 2022
30 June 2024
30 June 2023
Equity and liabilities 
EUR million
EUR million
EUR million
EUR million
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
287,371
273,657
316,241
313,978
Deposits from banks 
73,138
84,082
76,607
91,383
Deposits from customers 
127,361
115,748
139,268
133,486
Securitized liabilities 
82,264
68,660
95,898
84,315
Subordinated capital 
4,608
5,167
4,468
4,795
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
3,229
3,584
3,161
3,440
Financial liabilities mandatorily measured at fair value through profit 
or loss 
23,758
29,825
22,449
29,159
Portfolio hedge adjustment attributable to liabilities 
 – 1,892
 – 3,164
– 1,994
– 2,874
Provisions 
1,881
1,825
1,805
1,825
Current income tax liabilities 
95
190
134
170
Deferred income tax liabilities 
23
22
26
22
Other liabilities 
2,773
2,794
2,421
2,746
Equity 
16,067
15,442
16,199
15,658
Total equity and liabilities 
333,305
324,174
360,442
364,124
Guarantee and surety obligations 
9,902
9,549
9,752
9,656
Irrevocable loan commitments 
36,409
41,416
39,286
35,321
Business volume 
379,616
375,138
409,480
409,101
Figures may be subject to rounding differences. Percentages are based on the exact figures. 
 
The condensed consolidated income statement for the LBBW Group has been presented 
below: 
 
01/01/2023 - 
31/12/2023
01/01/2022 - 
31/12/2022
01/01/2024 - 
30/06/2024 
01/01/2023 - 
30/06/2023 
 
EUR million
EUR million
EUR million
EUR million
Net interest income 
2,826
2,305
1,295
1,417
Net fee and commission income 
589
628
320
305
Net gains/losses on remeasurement and disposal 
162
55
248
81
of which allowances for losses on loans and securities 
-254
– 239
– 118
– 86
Other operating income/expenses 
205
1,061
71
120
Total operating income/expenses 
3,781
4,048
1,934
1,923
Administrative expenses 
-2,227
– 1,985
– 1,148
– 1,043
Expenses for bank levy and deposit guarantee system 
-184
– 188
– 52
– 188
Net income/expenses from restructuring 
4
– 2
– 3
– 0
Consolidated profit/loss before tax 
1,374
1,873
731
691
Income taxes 
-378
– 363
– 222
– 203
Net consolidated profit/loss 
996
1,510
509
488
Figures may be subject to rounding differences. Percentages are based on the exact figures. 
 
3.2 
Statutory Auditors 
The annual financial statements of LBBW and the consolidated financial statements of LBBW 
in respect of the fiscal year ended 31 December 2023 as well as in respect of the fiscal year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
have 
been 
audited 
by 
Deloitte 
GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Löffelstraße 42, 70597 Stuttgart, and in each case

--- Page 321 ---
319 
unqualified auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) have been issued thereon. Deloitte is a 
member of the German chamber of public accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer). 
3.3 
Significant/Material Change 
Since 31 December 2023, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer and the LBBW Group. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position and in the financial performance 
of the LBBW Group since 30 June 2024, the last day of the financial period in respect of which 
the most recent financial statements of the Issuer have been published. 
LBBW is monitoring geopolitical developments closely and will continuously review its risk 
assessments. 
4. 
Review and Developments in 2023 and in the first half of 2024 
4.1 
Development of LBBW Group's net assets in 2023 and in the first half of 2024 
The information on the development of the LBBW Group's net assets in 2023, which is 
included in the section "Net assets and financial position" (containing information on the 
consolidated assets, lending, funding, equity and financial positions on pages 37 to 39 of the 
Consolidated Annual Report 2023), is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. A 
list of the information incorporated by reference can be found in the section "Documents 
incorporated by reference" on pages 77 to 84. 
The corresponding information for the first half of 2024 can be found on pages 18 to 20 of the 
Half-yearly financial report 2024, which is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
4.2 
Development of LBBW Group's results of operations in 2023 and in the first half 
of 2024 
The information on the development of the LBBW Group's results of operations in 2023, which 
is included in the sections "Results of operations" on pages 32 to 34 of the Consolidated 
Annual Report 2023, is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. A list of the 
information incorporated by reference can be found in the section "Documents incorporated 
by reference" on pages 77 to 84.  
The corresponding information for the first half of 2024 can be found on pages 14 to 15 of the 
Half-yearly financial report 2024, which is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
4.3 
Financial Position 
The information incorporated by reference on the financial position of the LBBW Group in 
2023, which is included in the subsection "financial position" on page 20 of the Consolidated 
Annual Report 2023, is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
The corresponding information for the first half of 2024 can be found on page 39 of the Half-
yearly financial report 2024, which is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
The 
average 
probability 
of 
default 
("PD") 
in 
terms 
of 
net 
exposure 
of 
customers/counterparties within one year was at 0.24% as of 30 June 2024, same as of the 
end of 2023. As of 30 June 2024, 91.3% of the net exposure is in the investment grade area 
and at 91.3% as of 31 December 2023. The calculation of the average PD is based on the 
rated performing portfolio by taking product and customer group specific PD estimators into 
account for groups of homogeneous unrated customers, weighted by net exposure.  
The cost of risk (Balance sheet) was at 0.11% as of 30 June 2023 and at 0.15% as of 
30 June 2024.The cost of risk is defined as the (annualized) allowances for losses on loans 
and securities related to categories "Financial assets measured at amortized cost" and 
"Financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income" divided by 
average net balance-sheet figure of loans and advances to customers based on quarterly 
average figures.

--- Page 322 ---
320 
The existing so-called model adjustments (adjustments for allowances for losses on loans 
and securities) amount to EUR 925 million as of 30 June 2024. 
The non-performing exposure ratio (NPE ratio) amounted to 0.5% as of 30 June 2024, 
0.5% as of 31 December 2023. The NPE ratio is defined as the non-performing exposure 
related to net exposure only related to financial instruments under the scope of application of 
the impairment rules of IFRS 9 divided by net exposure only related to financial instruments 
under the scope of application of the impairment rules of IFRS 9. 
The Coverage ratio for non-performing exposure amounted to 55.4% as of 30 June 2024 
and 54.3% as of 31 December 2023. The Coverage ratio for non-performing exposure is 
defined as the accumulated impairment stage 3 and POCI (in default) divided by non-
performing exposure related to net exposure only related to financial instruments under the 
scope of application of the impairment rules of IFRS 9.  
Risk weighted assets (RWA) amounted to EUR 94.1 billion at 30 June 2024, to EUR 92.1 
billion at the end of 2023.  
The Leverage Ratio (fully loaded) stood at 4.2% as of 30 June 2024, at 4.6% as of 31 
December 2023. 
The LBBW Group's capital ratios without consideration of transitional rules of CRR (CRR 
II/CRD V "fully loaded") as of 30 June 2024 the common equity Tier 1 capital ratio (fully loaded) 
came to 14.6%.   
The LBBW Group's capital ratio in consideration of transitional rules of CRR ("phase-in") 
as of 30 June 2024 clearly exceeded the regulatory capital requirements. The common equity 
Tier 1 capital ratio (phase-in) came to 14.7%.  
As of 30 June 2024 LBBW is required to maintain a CET1 capital ratio of 10.68%, consisting 
of a 4.50% portion of the Pillar 1 capital requirements, a 1.05% portion of the Pillar 2 capital 
requirement to be maintained by CET 1 capital, the capital conservation buffer under 
Section 10c KWG of 2.5% and the 0.75% capital buffer for other systemically important 
institutions in accordance with Section 10g KWG. In addition, Section 10d of the KWG also 
requires a countercyclical capital buffer to be held, which as of 30 June 2024 amounts to 
0.72%. The Section 10e KWG capital buffer for systemic risks of 0.1% and AT1 shortfall in 
additional tier 1 (AT1) instruments of 1.06% as of 30 June 2024 have to be taken into account. 
The total Pillar II capital requirement was at 1.87%. 
The ECB has also declared a capital recommendation (Pillar 2 guidance) that goes beyond 
the mandatory requirement, which must also comprise CET 1 capital.  
The MREL-eligible liabilities as of 30 June 2024 amounted to EUR 42.9 billion. 
At the same time LBBW is required to maintain a SREP capital requirement of 13.9%. This 
includes the CET1 requirement of 10.7% including the consideration of AT1 shortfalls and the 
Tier 1 requirement of 11.5% (consisting of the CET1 requirement and the AT1 requirement), 
while the total of the SREP capital requirement includes the Tier 1 requirement and an 
additional requirement for Tier 2 capital. 
The MREL requirement as of 30 June 2024 excluding the Capital Buffer Requirement 
amounted to 22.4% of the Total Risk Exposure Amount ("TREA").  
The MREL requirement as of 30 June 2024 including the Capital Buffer Requirement of 
3.92% amounted to 26.4% of the TREA.  
The MREL ratio of LBBW as of 30 June 2024 amounted to 45.6% in relation to the TREA, the 
result of the sum of 44%-points subordinated capital and of 1.7%-points other capital.  
The MREL requirement as of 30 June 2024 amounted to 8.76% of the Leverage Ratio 
Exposure ("LRE"). 
The MREL ratio of LBBW as of 30 June 2024 amounted to 12.65% in relation to the LRE.

--- Page 323 ---
321 
5. 
Trend Information  
To address the rapidly changing environment and the wide range of complex customer 
requirements, LBBW’s new Group strategy came into effect on 1 January 2023. Key elements 
of the Group strategy are the company targets described as growth and relevance. At its core 
is a clear focus on growth with steady earnings growth, systematic risk management and 
active cost control. At the same time, LBBW wants to secure a relevant position in the 
competition and be a reliable social and economic partner, providing long-term support to its 
stakeholders in complex transformation processes.  
Five strategic levers support the Group strategy and help implement it in the individual LBBW 
segments: 
 
Sustainable transformation: The sustainable transformation of our economic system 
poses many challenges for companies. At the heart of the strategic lever are the 
requirements of the transformation facing LBBW’s customers, many of which are very 
complex. As a partner and player in the transformation, LBBW takes these needs into 
consideration and develops suitable solutions for its customers. For example, not only 
does LBBW finance relevant transformation projects such as wind farms and 
photovoltaic systems, it also offers a sustainable range of products and services. 
Services include individual consulting on sustainable business models, the digital 
transformation and improving existing value chains. With specific reduction roadmaps 
for individual industries (sector paths), LBBW is reducing the CO2 emissions of its 
lending portfolio in the long term. LBBW also identifies its own ESG risks and actively 
works to mitigate these. 
 
Innovative solutions: Through the Innovative Solutions lever, LBBW encourages the 
development of new products, production processes and services throughout the 
Group. Its focus here is on cross-segment collaboration in order to meet its customers’ 
diverse needs by providing a full range of goods and services. LBBW’s aim is to be a 
holistic solutions provider and give its own customers access to broad banking 
expertise through its extensive product portfolio. 
 
Enhanced Resilience: The still challenging environment reinforces the importance of 
resilience and flexibility for LBBW’s business policies. As well as business model 
diversification and the strategic further development of risk management, the lever 
focuses on resource discipline by way of capital and cost management and on 
improving operating resilience (including cyber security). 
 
Inspire Employees: Dedicated employees are the most important resource for 
successful banking. Demographic change and the resulting shortage of skilled workers 
and management personnel mean that recruiting and retaining highly-qualified top 
performers is vital. With the goal of boosting its appeal as an employer in the long term, 
LBBW is in the midst of a fundamental cultural change. It is not only the youngest 
generation of employees that is driven by a desire for meaningful work: This is key to 
employee satisfaction for the workforce as a whole. The "Inspire Employees" lever also 
combines employee promotion and further development initiatives, establishes new 
working and career models and thus fosters a sense of long-term identification with 
LBBW among its employees.  
 
Social Contribution: As a responsible market participant, LBBW takes its 
responsibility to society and business seriously. In view of this, LBBW encourages its 
employees to take part in charitable initiatives, for example through corporate 
volunteering. With its economic and financial expertise, LBBW also aims to play an 
active role in social discussions.

--- Page 324 ---
322 
TAXATION  
The information below is not intended as tax advice and it does not purport to describe all of 
the tax considerations that may be relevant to a prospective purchaser of Notes and/or 
Coupons. Prospective purchasers are urged to satisfy themselves as to the overall tax 
consequences of purchasing, holding and/or selling the Notes and/or Coupons. 
German Taxation 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, 
the ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of Notes and/or Coupons (in the 
following referred to as "Notes" and each a "Note"). It does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax considerations, which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Notes, 
and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a 
particular purchaser. This overview is based on the laws of Germany currently in force and as 
applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to 
the tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and the sale, assignment or 
redemption of Notes and the receipt of interest thereon, including the effect of any state 
or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each country of which they are 
residents or citizens or may otherwise be liable to tax. Only these advisers will be able 
to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the taxation of the respective 
Noteholders. 
Tax Residents 
Private Investors 
Interest and Capital Gains 
Interest payable on the Notes to persons holding the Notes as private assets ("Private 
Investors") who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. persons whose residence or habitual abode 
is located in Germany) qualifies as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) 
according to Sec. 20 para. 1 German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) and is 
generally taxed at a separate tax rate of 25 per cent. (Abgeltungsteuer, in the following also 
referred to as "flat tax"), plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, 
church tax. It should be noted that there are discussions to abolish the tax flat rate of 25 per 
cent. for interest income so that the respective earnings would be subject to the personal 
progressive income tax rates of up to 45 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge thereon of 5.5 per 
cent. (which has been largely abolished provided that the individual income does not exceed 
certain thresholds) and church tax if applicable). 
Capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Notes (including the original 
issue discount of the Notes, if any, and interest having accrued up to the disposition of a Note 
and credited separately ("Accrued Interest", Stückzinsen), if any) qualify – irrespective of any 
holding period – as investment income pursuant to Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act 
and are also taxed at the flat tax rate of 25 per cent., plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge 
thereon and, if applicable, church tax. If the Notes are assigned, redeemed, repaid or 
contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution (verdeckte Einlage in eine 
Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like a sale. The 
separation of coupons or interest claims from the Notes is treated as a disposition of the Notes. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment or 
redemption price (after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, 
assignment or redemption) and the acquisition price of the Notes. Where the Notes are issued 
in a currency other than Euro the sale, assignment or redemption price and the acquisition 
costs have to be converted into Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on 
the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or redemption date respectively.

--- Page 325 ---
323 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or 
redemption) related to interest payments or capital gains under the Notes are – except for a 
standard lump sum (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of 1,000 Euro (2,000 Euro jointly assessed 
holders) – not deductible. 
According to the flat tax regime losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Notes 
can only be set-off against other investment income including capital gains. If the set-off is not 
possible in the assessment period in which the losses have been realized, such losses can 
be carried forward into future assessment periods only and can be set-off against investment 
income including capital gains generated in these future assessment periods.  
Losses arising from the fact that a receivable is fully or partially irrecoverable or arising from 
the fact that the receivables under the Notes are cancelled as worthless and losses arising 
from a transfer of a worthless Note to a third party or from any other default can be offset only 
up to an amount of 20,000 Euro; losses in excess of 20,000 Euro will be carried forward and 
offset against investment income per subsequent year only up to an amount of 20,000 Euro. 
Such losses carried forward have to be reported in the tax return of the Private Investor. In 
case the investor desires to use such losses to the extent that they have not been offset by 
the Disbursing Agent (for definition see below "Withholding Tax"), the investor can request a 
certificate regarding the amount of losses that have not been offset already so that such losses 
cannot be credited any more against eligible gains by the Disbursing Agent. In case the 
investor does not request such certificate, respective losses are credited against eligible gains 
by the Disbursing Agent. 
Withholding Tax 
If the Notes are held in a custody with or administrated by a German credit institution, financial 
services institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), 
or German securities institution (the "Disbursing Agent"), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. 
(plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld 
by the Disbursing Agent on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, 
assignment or redemption (after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the 
sale, assignment or redemption) over the acquisition costs for the Notes (if applicable 
converted into Euro terms on the basis of the foreign exchange rates as of the acquisition date 
and the sale, assignment or redemption date respectively). Church tax is collected for the 
Private Investor by way of withholding as a standard procedure unless the Private Investor 
has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office 
(Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses with current investment income 
including capital gains from other securities. If, in the absence of sufficient current investment 
income derived through the same Disbursing Agent, a set-off is not possible, the holder of the 
Notes may – instead of having a loss carried forward into the following year – file an application 
with the Disbursing Agent until 15 December of the current fiscal year for a certification of 
losses in order to set-off such losses with investment income derived through other institutions 
in the holder’s personal income tax return.  
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required 
by Sec. 43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not permitted to be proved, the flat tax rate of 
25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will 
be imposed on an amount equal to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or 
redemption of the Notes. In case of Notes issued as capital claims which are not securitized 
in the form of bearer or registered notes (Inhaber- oder Orderschuldverschreibungen) the flat 
tax will be withheld on the investment yield in full without deduction.  
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be 
credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. In case of Notes issued as

--- Page 326 ---
324 
unsecuritised debt, the Issuer, instead of the Disbursing Agent, will be obliged to withhold the 
flat tax. 
If the Notes are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, the flat tax will – by 
way of withholding – apply on interest paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a 
coupon (whether or not presented with the Note to which it appertains) to a holder of such 
coupon (other than a non-German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft). In this 
case proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Notes will also be subject to 
the withholding of the flat tax. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the Noteholder filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard lump 
sum of 1,000 Euro (2,000 Euro for jointly assessed holders)) to the extent the income does 
not exceed the maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. 
Similarly, no flat tax will be deducted if the Noteholder has submitted to the Disbursing Agent 
a valid certificate of non-assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the 
competent tax office. 
For Private Investors the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply e.g., if and 
to the extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the 
basis for the withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding 
amount of investment income must be included in the Private Investor´s income tax return and 
will be subject to the flat tax in the course of the assessment procedure. According to the 
German tax authorities however, any exceeding amount of not more than 500 Euro per 
assessment period will not be claimed on grounds of equity, provided that no other reasons 
for an assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income Tax Act exist. Further, 
Private Investors may request that their total investment income, together with their other 
income, be subject to taxation at their personal, progressive tax rate rather than the flat tax 
rate, if this results in a lower tax liability. According to Sec. 32d para. 2 German Income Tax 
Act the flat tax rate is also not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax rate is 
assumed (e.g. "back-to-back" financing). In order to prove the investment income and the 
withheld flat tax thereon the investor may request a respective certificate in officially required 
form from the Disbursing Agent. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding of the flat tax (e.g. since there is no 
Disbursing Agent) must be included into the personal income tax return and will be subject to 
the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if 
applicable, church tax), unless the investor requests the investment income to be subject to 
taxation at lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the investment income is not subject 
to the flat tax rate according to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income Tax Act. Foreign taxes 
on investment income may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. 
If the Issuer is, or is deemed to be, resident in Germany for tax purposes and if, further, the 
Notes qualify as hybrid instruments (for example, silent partnership, profit participating notes, 
jouissance rights (Genussrechte)), German withholding tax has to be imposed irrespective of 
where the Notes are held in custody. 
Business Investors 
Interest payable on the Notes to persons holding the Notes as business assets ("Business 
Investors") who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, 
habitual abode, statutory seat or place of effective management and control is located in 
Germany) and capital gains, including the original issue discount of the Notes and Accrued 
Interest, if any, from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Notes are subject to income 
tax at the applicable personal, progressive income tax rate or, in case of corporate entities, to 
corporate income tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (in each case plus solidarity surcharge 
at a rate of 5.5 per cent. on the tax payable; and, in case where such income is subject to 
personal, progressive income tax, plus church tax, if applicable). Such interest payments and

--- Page 327 ---
325 
capital gains may also be subject to trade tax if the Notes form part of the property of a German 
trade or business. Losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of the Notes, subject to 
certain exceptions, are generally recognized for tax purposes. 
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment 
against the Business Investor's corporate or personal, progressive income tax liability and the 
solidarity surcharge in the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is 
not definitive. Any potential surplus will be refunded. However, in general and subject to certain 
further requirements, no withholding deduction will apply on capital gains from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of the Notes and certain other income if (i) the Notes are held by a 
corporation, association or estate in terms of Sec. 43 para 2 sentence 3 no. 1 German Income 
Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from the Notes qualify as income of a domestic business and the 
investor notifies this to the Disbursing Agent by use of the required official form according to 
Sec. 43 para 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom 
Kapitalertragsteuerabzug). 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Alternatively, 
foreign taxes may also be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes. 
Non-residents 
Interest payable on the Notes and capital gains, including the original issue discount and 
Accrued Interest, if any, are not subject to German taxation, unless (i) the Notes form part of 
the business property of a permanent establishment, including a permanent representative, 
or a fixed base maintained in Germany by the Noteholder, (ii) the interest income otherwise 
constitutes German-source income or (iii) the Notes are not kept in a custodial account with a 
Disbursing Agent and interest or proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the 
Notes are paid by a German credit institution, financial services institution (including a German 
permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities trading company or securities 
trading bank upon presentation of a coupon to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-
German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft). In the cases (i), (ii) and (iii) a 
tax regime similar to that explained above under "Tax Residents" applies. 
Non-residents of Germany are, as a rule, exempt from German withholding tax on interest and 
the solidarity surcharge thereon, even if the Notes are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent. 
However, where the investment income is subject to German taxation as set forth in the 
preceding paragraph and the Notes are held in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent 
or in case of a Tafelgeschäft, flat tax is levied as explained above under "Tax Residents".  
The withholding tax may be refunded based upon an applicable tax treaty or German national 
tax law. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to the Notes will arise under the laws of Germany, if, 
in the case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift 
tax, neither the donor nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Notes are not 
attributable to a German trade or business for which a permanent establishment is maintained, 
or a permanent representative has been appointed, in Germany. Exceptions from this rule 
apply to certain German expatriates.  
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in 
connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the Notes. Currently, net assets tax 
(Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany. It is intended to introduce a financial transaction 
tax. However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually introduced.

--- Page 328 ---
326 
EU-Residents 
The EU Savings Directive has been repealed as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the 
case of Austria).  
The Council of the European Union has adopted Directive 2014/107/EU (the "Amending 
Cooperation Directive"), amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in 
the field of taxation so as to introduce an extended automatic exchange of information regime 
in accordance with the Global Standard released by the OECD Council in July 2014. Germany 
has implemented the Amending Cooperation Directive by means of a Financial Account 
Information Act (Finanzkonten-Informationsaustauschgesetz, FKAustG) according to which it 
will provide Information on financial accounts to EU Member States and certain other states 
as of 1 January 2016.

--- Page 329 ---
327 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Notes may be issued from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Banco 
Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan 
SE, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg and UBS AG London Branch (the "Dealers", which term 
shall include any additional dealer appointed under the Programme either as permanent new 
Dealer or for one particular issue of Notes only). The arrangements under which Notes may 
from time to time be agreed to be issued by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, the above 
Dealers are set out in the dealer agreement dated 25 October 2024 (the "Dealer Agreement" 
which expression shall include any amendments or supplements thereto or any amendment 
and restatement thereof) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers named therein. Any 
such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the 
relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such subscription. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination 
of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. The 
Issuer may issue Notes from time to time to persons or institutions who are not Dealers. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied 
and will comply with (in both cases to the best of its knowledge and belief) all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession, or distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.  
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by 
it for the acquisition, offer, sale or delivery by it of the Notes under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in or from which it makes any acquisition, offer, 
sale or delivery of Notes. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any 
such supplement or modification will be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a 
supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or (in any other 
case) in a supplement to this document. 
United States of America  
(a) 
Each Dealer, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme (i) has 
acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act; (ii) has represented and agreed that it has not offered and sold any 
Notes, and will not offer and sell any Notes, (x) as part of their distribution at any time 
and (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and 
closing date, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act; and accordingly, (iii) has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates 
nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any 
directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will 
comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also 
agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each 
distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration

--- Page 330 ---
328 
that purchases Notes from them during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in 
Rule 903 (b)(2)(iii) (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in 
either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used 
above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used in this paragraph (a) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(b) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not entered and will 
not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery 
of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
European Economic Area  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4 (1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4 (1) of MiFID II. 
Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
any Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), to qualified 
investors (investitori qualificati), as defined under Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 35, first paragraph, letter d) of CONSOB regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018, as amended ("Regulation No. 20307"), pursuant to Article 34-
ter, first paragraph, letter b), of CONSOB regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended ("Regulation No. 11971"); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1, paragraph 4, of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100 of Legislative 
Decree of 24 February 1998, No. 58, as amended (the "Italian Financial Act") and 
their implementing CONSOB regulations, including Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with 
the selling restrictions under (i) and (ii) above and: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Italian 
Financial Act, Regulation No. 20307, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended (the "Banking Act"), and any other applicable laws or regulation;

--- Page 331 ---
329 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request 
information on the offering or issue of notes in Italy or by Italian persons outside of 
Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer, sale, 
delivery or resale of the Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable Italian 
laws and regulations. 
Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, 
as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer to be appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person 
resident in Japan, including any corporation or entity organized under the laws of Japan), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
guidelines of Japan. 
The People’s Republic of China  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer to be appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the offer of the Notes is not an offer 
of securities within the meaning of the PRC Securities Law or other pertinent laws and 
regulations of the PRC and the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and 
Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by applicable laws of 
the People’s Republic of China. 
Hong Kong   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(1) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any 
document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in 
the Notes and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) (the "SFO") other than 
(a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the 
SFO; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and  
(2) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue 
or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other 
than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any 
rules made under the SFO.

--- Page 332 ---
330 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (1) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; or (2) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the 
SFA. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate 
or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Commonwealth of Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of 
Australia ("Australian Corporations Act")) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has 
been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC"). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it:

--- Page 333 ---
331 
(a) 
has not (directly or indirectly) offered or invited applications, and will not offer or invite 
applications, for the issue, sale or purchase of any Notes in or from Australia (including 
an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, the Base Prospectus 
including the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to any Notes in 
Australia, unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$ 
500,000 (or the equivalent in another currency, and in either case, disregarding 
moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation (including 
any resulting issue) does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under 
Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" within the 
meaning of Section 761G of the Australian Corporations Act;  
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC. 
In addition, each Dealer has agreed, that it will comply with the directive issued by the 
Australian Prudential Regulation Authority dated 21 March 2018 as contained in Banking 
exemption No. 1 where the Dealer offers Notes for sale in relation to an issuance. This Order 
requires all offers and transfers to be in parcels of not less than A$ 500,000 in aggregate 
principal amount. Banking exemption No. 1 does not apply to offers for sale and transfers 
which occur outside Australia.

--- Page 334 ---
332 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or to listing and trading on the regulated market 
of the Stuttgart Stock Exchange. Furthermore, application may be made for Notes issued by 
LBBW under the Programme to be admitted to listing and trading on the regulated market of 
the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Stuttgart Stock Exchange and/or the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange or any other listing authority and/or stock exchange or which will be 
listed by such listing authority and/or on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme and the issuance of Notes under the Programme in an 
aggregate principal amount of up to EUR 1,500,000,000 was authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Managing Directors (Vorstand) of LBBW passed on 17 October 2019 and the 
issuance of Notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to EUR 750,000,000 was authorised 
by a resolution of the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of LBBW passed on 
23 September 2024. LBBW has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Notes. 
Documents on Display 
From the date of this Base Prospectus and throughout the life of the Programme, copies and, 
where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during 
normal business hours at the registered offices of the Issuer, namely: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; 
(c) 
any Final Terms in relation to any Tranche which is admitted to listing on the Regulated 
Market or by any other listing authority or on any other stock exchange; and 
(d) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto prepared in relation to the 
Programme. 
This Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms in relation to any Tranche which is admitted to listing on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be available at the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Clearing and Settlement 
The Notes may be accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
(Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany) ("CBF").  
The relevant common code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and German 
Securites Code (WKN) in relation to the Notes of each Series will be specified in the Final 
Terms relating thereto.  
Eurosystem eligibility 
The Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. 
However, such recognition will depend on the ECB being satisfied that further Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.

--- Page 335 ---
333 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
services for, the Issuer and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the 
Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or 
as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their 
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation 
of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term 
"affiliates" includes also parent companies. 
Use of Proceeds 
Unless stated otherwise and as further specified below, the net proceeds of the issue of each 
Series of Notes will be used by the Issuer for its general funding. 
If, in respect of any particular issue of a Series of Notes, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds other than using the net proceeds for the Issuer’s general funding purposes, then 
this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 336 ---
334 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF LBBW 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
28660 Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2  
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO LBBW 
Deloitte GmbH  
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Rosenheimer Platz 4 
81669 Munich

--- Page 337 ---
Germany 
PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer  
To the Dealers 
White & Case LLP 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 20 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany