--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS
LANDSBANKINN HF.
(incorporated with limited liability in Iceland)
€2,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under this €2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Landsbankinn hf. (the "Bank" 
or the "Issuer"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue 
notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below).
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement 
(as defined in "Subscription and Sale")), subject to increase as described herein. The Notes may be issued on a 
continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any additional 
Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Bank (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by 
more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes.
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk 
Factors".
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Bank or the quality of the Notes that are subject of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II") or which are to be offered to 
the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for 
Notes issued under the Programme within 12 months of the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official 
list of Euronext Dublin (the "Official List") and to trading on its regulated market (the "Regulated Market"). This 
prospectus constitutes a Base Prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base 
Prospectus to Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.
Each Series (as defined in "Overview of the Programme – Distribution") of Notes will be represented on issue by a 
temporary global note in bearer form (each a "Temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form 
(each a "Permanent Global Note"). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Global notes which are not issued in NGN form 
("Classic Global Notes" or "CGNs") will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"). The provisions 
governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in 
"Form of the Notes".
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes and any 
drawdown prospectus may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target

--- Page 2 ---
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes and 
any drawdown prospectus may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEAhas been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UNITED KINGDOM RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules 
or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined below) and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in an EEA state in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency).

--- Page 3 ---
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
"Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons (as 
defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) (see "Subscription and Sale").
NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN CANADA – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to 
be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the 
Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable securities laws.
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor.
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers 
are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest 
in connection with this offering.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term (senior) debt rating of the Bank is BBB (stable outlook) (such 
rating provided by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (" Standard & Poor's ")). Standard & Poor's is established 
in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation"). As such Standard & Poor's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated 
by the rating agency referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Bank by Standard & Poor's or to Notes 
already issued. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Arranger
Deutsche Bank
Dealers
BofA Securities
Barclays
Citigroup
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs International
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank
The date of this Base Prospectus is 27 April 2021

--- Page 4 ---
i
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Bank, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information.
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Bank in connection with the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by the Bank to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Bank or any of the Dealers.
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Bank or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition 
and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Bank. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of the Bank or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Bank is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention.
Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the Bank is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 5 ---
ii
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published.
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Bank and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Bank or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering 
and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Iceland), the UK, Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Hong Kong, 
Canada and Singapore, see "Subscription and Sale".
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. As a result, any offer of Notes in 
any Member State of the European Economic Area must be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making 
or intending to make an offer of Notes in the relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Bank or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. Neither the Bank nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Bank or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer.
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant

--- Page 6 ---
iii
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may 
wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. 
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks 
Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the 
registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 7 ---
iv
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION
In this Base Prospectus, all references to:

the "Group" are to the Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

"U.S. dollars", "USD" and "$" refer to United States dollars;

"ISK" or "krona" refer to Icelandic Krona;

"Sterling", "GBP" and "£" refer to pounds sterling; and

"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 8 ---
v
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information which has 
been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed 
with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank of Ireland:
(i)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the financial years ended 31 December 
2019 (the "2019 Financial Statements"), together with the audit report thereon;
https://www.landsbankinn.com/uploads/documents/arsskyrsluroguppgjor/Consolidated-Financial-
Report-2019-EN.pdf
(ii)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank for the financial years ended 31 December 
2020 (the "2020 Financial Statements"), together with the audit report thereon;
https://www.landsbankinn.com/uploads/documents/arsskyrsluroguppgjor/Consolidated-Financial-
Report-2020-EN.pdf
(iii)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 8 September 2015, pages 
36 to 59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the "2015 Terms and 
Conditions"); 
https://www.landsbankinn.com/uploads/documents/bankinn/emtn/Landsbankinn-Base-Prospectus-
2015-09-08.pdf
(iv)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 30 August 2016, pages 
36 to 59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the "2016 Terms and 
Conditions"); 
https://www.landsbankinn.com/uploads/documents/bankinn/emtn/Landsbankinn-Base-Prospectus-
2016-08-30.pdf
(v)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 2017, pages 36 to 
59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the "2017 Terms and 
Conditions"); 
https://corporate.landsbankinn.com/Uploads/Documents/Bankinn/EMTN/2017-04-06-Landsbankinn-
Base-Prospectus.pdf
(vi)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 2018, pages 50 to 
79 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the "2018 Terms and 
Conditions"), as supplemented by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes included in the Supplemental 
Prospectus dated 30 May 2018; 
https://www.landsbankinn.com/Uploads/Documents/Bankinn/EMTN/2018-04-06-Landsbankin-Base-
Prospectus.pdf
(vii)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 27 March 2019, pages 56 
to 93 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the "2019 Terms and 
Conditions"); and
https://www.landsbankinn.com/Uploads/Documents/Bankinn/EMTN/2019-03-27-Landsbankin-Base-
Prospectus.pdf
(viii)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 22 May 2020, pages 59 
to 97 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme (the "2020 Terms and

--- Page 9 ---
vi
Conditions"), as supplemented by the Supplemental Prospectuses dated 4 September 2020, 6 November 
2020, 10 February 2021 and 12 February 2021;
https://www.landsbankinn.com/Uploads/Documents/Bankinn/EMTN/2020-03-22-Landsbankin-Base-
Prospectus.pdf
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Those parts of the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are not specifically incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Notes or the relevant 
information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by 
reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. No information on any website forms part of this Base Prospectus except as specifically 
incorporated by reference, as set out above.
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge from 
the registered office of the Bank and are available for viewing on the website of the Bank following the links 
above.

--- Page 10 ---
vii
SUPPLEMENTARY PROSPECTUS 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Bank and approved by 
the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
viii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME......................................................................................................... 9
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................ 15
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 49
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS.................................................................................................................. 52
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 66
USE OF PROCEEDS............................................................................................................................... 115
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK.............................................................................................................. 116
THE REPUBLIC OF ICELAND .............................................................................................................. 145
FINANCIAL MARKETS IN ICELAND .................................................................................................. 152
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 155
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................. 158
GENERAL INFORMATION.................................................................................................................... 164

--- Page 12 ---
9
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview.
Issuer:
Landsbankinn hf.
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI")
549300TLZPT6JELDWM92
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Bank's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors" and include the exposure 
of the Bank to credit risk, market risk, operational risk and 
liquidity risk. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out under 
"Risk Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure 
of particular Series of Notes and certain market risks.
Description:
€2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger:
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Dealers:
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
BofA Securities Europe SA
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Goldman Sachs International
J.P. Morgan AG 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH
UBS Europe SE
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000

--- Page 13 ---
10
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent -
see "Subscription and Sale".
Fiscal Agent:
Citibank, N.A. London Branch
Listing Agent:
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Programme Size:
Up to €2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Bank may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical 
other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes 
of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other 
Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where 
necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions and, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the final 
terms (the "Final Terms").
Currencies:
Notes may be denominated in, subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed between the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Bank or the relevant 
Specified Currency.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of 
the Notes".
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and

--- Page 14 ---
11
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series); or
(b)
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Bank and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer.
Change of Interest Basis:
Notes may be offered in circumstances where the provisions 
relating to Floating Rate Notes will apply for a certain period 
and, at the end of such period, the provisions relating to Fixed 
Rate Notes will apply until the Maturity Date (or vice versa), as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at 
a discount to it and will not bear interest.
Reset Notes:
Reset Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the relevant 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at 
an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one 
or more date(s) by reference to a mid-market swap rate for the 
relevant Specified Currency, and for a period equal to the Reset 
Period, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
The margin (if any) in relation to Reset Notes will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Reset Notes and will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Interest on Reset Notes in respect of each Interest Period as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than following a Tax Event, an Event of Default or, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Bank 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes will only be redeemed at an amount other than 
100 per cent. of their nominal amount in the case of certain Zero 
Coupon Notes.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to

--- Page 15 ---
12
restrictions on their denomination and distribution - see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year"
above.
Optional redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will
state whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.
Clean-up Redemption Option:
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if 80 per cent. or any higher percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-up 
Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
(which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes 
issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first 
Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or 
purchased by, or on behalf of, the Bank or any of its subsidiaries 
and, in each case, cancelled, the Bank may, at its option,  on 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' irrevocable notice to the holders of such Note in 
accordance with Condition 12 (or such other notice period as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the 
outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms
(together with any interest accrued thereon but unpaid to the date 
set for redemption) on any Optional Clean-up Redemption Date 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Clean-up 
Redemption Option shall not apply in respect of Subordinated 
Notes. 
Benchmark Discontinuation
In the case of Reset Notes or Floating Rate Notes, if the Bank 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Bank may, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate (which shall 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser) determine 
that (i) the relevant benchmark or screen rate may be replaced by 
a Successor Rate or (ii) if there is no Successor Rate but the Bank 
determines there is an Alternative Rate, such Alternative Rate. 
An Adjustment Spread may also be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with any 
Benchmark Amendments (which shall be determined by the 
Bank, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner 
and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which 
shall include consultation with an Independent Adviser). This is 
further described in Condition 3.5.
Denomination of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency - see "Certain Restrictions -
Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above - and save

--- Page 16 ---
13
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6. In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Bank will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 6, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision.
Cross Default:
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 8.1(c).
Status of the Notes:
The 
Notes 
may 
be 
issued 
on 
an 
unsubordinated 
("Unsubordinated Notes") or a subordinated ("Subordinated 
Notes") basis, as described in Conditions 2.1 and 2.2, 
respectively, and as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Status of the Unsubordinated Notes:
The Unsubordinated Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Bank and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Bank, from time to time outstanding.
Status of the Subordinated Notes:
The Subordinated Notes will constitute subordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Bank and will at all times rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves.
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic: slit eða 
gjaldþrot) of the Bank, the rights of the Noteholders to payments 
on or in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall rank:
(i)
pari passu without preference among themselves;
(ii)
pari passu with present or future claims in
respect of Parity Securities;
(iii)
in priority to any present or future claims in 
respect of Junior Securities; and
(iv)
junior to any present or future claims in respect 
of Senior Creditors.
Rating:
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term (senior) debt 
rating of the Bank is BBB (stable outlook) (such rating provided 
by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard & 
Poor's")). Standard & Poor's is established in the European 
Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such 
Standard & Poor's is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs), in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating

--- Page 17 ---
14
agency referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Bank by 
Standard & Poor's or to Notes already issued. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.
Listing:
Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted to listing 
on the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market.
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading.
Governing Law:
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law except for the 
subordination provisions of Condition 2.2 and Condition 2.3
which shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Icelandic law.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
Iceland), the UK, Italy, Switzerland, Japan, Hong Kong, Canada
and Singapore and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Notes - see "Subscription and Sale".
United States Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Use of proceeds:
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes or an amount equal to 
the net proceeds will, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
be:
(i)
applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit; or
(ii) applied by the Bank to finance, refinance and/or invest 
in part in Eligible Activities and Assets in line with the 
Bank's applicable Sustainable Finance Framework, 
which is available at the Bank's website; or
(iii) used to finance any other particular identified use of 
proceeds as stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 18 ---
15
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Bank may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Bank becoming unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely 
to occur, as the Bank may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently 
deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Bank's 
control. The Bank has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Notes.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
Factors that may affect the Bank's ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme
The Bank is subject to the risk and uncertainties described below that may materially affect its business 
operations and financial conditions. As a result of its business activities, the Bank is exposed to a variety 
of risks, the most significant of which are credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. 
Failure to control these risks could result in material adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
Economic and financial market risk
The Bank's financial results are significantly affected by general economic and other business 
conditions in Iceland and globally
These conditions include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment and banking 
products. These cycles are also influenced by global political events, such as terrorist acts, war and other 
hostilities, as well as by market-specific events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer 
spending, the rate of unemployment, industrial output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. 
The Bank's business activities are dependent on the level of banking, finance and financial services 
required by its customers. In particular, levels of borrowing depend on customer confidence, 
employment trends, state of the economy and market interest rates at each time. The current environment 
is characterised by a low interest rate environment which results in interest-earning assets generating a 
lower yield upon borrowing and refinancing and securities held also generating a lower level of interest 
income compared to an environment characterised by high interest levels.
As the Bank currently conducts most of its business in Iceland, its performance is influenced by the level 
and cyclical nature of business activity in Iceland, which is in turn affected by both domestic and 
international economic and political events. There can be no assurance that a weakening in the Icelandic 
economy will not have a material effect on the Bank's future financial results. See further "The Bank is 
vulnerable to a range of economic risks that face the Icelandic banking system"
In addition, market perceptions and reports regarding the Icelandic economy or its performance may 
influence general economic and business conditions in Iceland due to the small size of the Icelandic 
economy. These perceptions and reports may have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition and results of operations.
The Bank's retail and corporate banking business may be affected during recessionary conditions, as 
there may be less demand for loan products or certain customers may face financial problems and the

--- Page 19 ---
16
Bank may experience higher loan defaults. The impact of the economy and business climate on the credit 
quality of borrowers and counterparties can affect the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties. Interest rate increases may also impact the demand for mortgages and other loan products 
and credit quality. The Bank's investment banking, securities trading, asset management and private 
banking services, as well as its investments in, and sales of products linked to, financial assets, will be 
affected by several factors, such as the liquidity of global financial markets, the level and volatility of 
equity prices and interest rates, investor sentiment, inflation and the availability and cost of credit, which 
are related to the economic cycle. These conditions may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Bank operates in a market which has changed rapidly in recent years, with increased competition 
from Icelandic or foreign banks, which has increased downward pressure on interest rate margins. The 
Bank's main competitors are Arion Bank hf. ("Arion Bank") Íslandsbanki hf. ("Íslandsbanki"), Kvika 
bank hf. ("Kvika Bank"), Icelandic pension funds and the Icelandic Housing Financing Fund, which 
merged with the Iceland Construction Authority (ice. Mannvirkjastofnun) and officially became the 
Housing and Construction Authority ("HCA"). See further in "Financial Markets in Iceland- Market 
Participants". There is always a risk of new entrants to the market, foreign or domestic, or for smaller 
competitors to merge and increase their strength. Such competition could develop in individual market 
sectors, or in the market as a whole (see further in "Description of the Bank - Competition"). The Bank 
has a high market share, which it intends to maintain. The Bank makes every effort to ensure that its 
product range, service and prices are competitive, while not disregarding its financial objectives, and 
must constantly monitor its competitors and their offerings. However, there is always a risk that the Bank 
could lose its competitive edge and that new products could fail to meet the demands of the market or 
compete with competitors' products. All of the above could undermine the Bank's income generation 
and may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
In addition, Iceland's economy remains vulnerable to other political and economic external factors many 
of which are outside the control of the Icelandic government and instability or deterioration of the 
international financial markets, whether as a result of the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
uncertainty surrounding the UK's exit from the European Union and the ultimate economic and political 
effects of such exit or other events. The aforementioned could have a material adverse effect on the 
Icelandic economy, especially given the relatively small size of the Icelandic economy and its 
dependence on trade with external partners, particularly the European Union. Although the financial 
sector in Iceland is mostly funded by domestic deposits, a global recession is likely to affect demand 
and the price of Iceland's main export sectors such as tourism, fishing and aluminium exports.
The Bank is vulnerable to a range of economic risks that face the Icelandic banking system
The Bank's performance is influenced by the overall strength of Iceland's economy since most of its 
business is conducted in Iceland. Economic growth in Iceland was quite robust during the period 2015-
2018 (on average 4.9 per cent.) but slowed down significantly in 2019 to 2.6 per cent. Gross domestic 
product ("GDP") then fell sharply in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic which drastically reduced 
the number of foreign tourist arrivals. See further in section entitled "The COVID-19 pandemic could 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations and financial position". 
Preliminary estimates from Statistics Iceland suggest that GDP contracted by 6.6 per cent. in 2020, 
driven by a 30.5 per cent. drop in exports. Export of services contracted by 51.2 per cent. and export of 
goods contracted by 8.5 per cent. Private consumption of goods and services also fell by 3.3 per cent. 
and gross capital formation contracted by 6.8 per cent.1 The economic forecast published by the Central 
Bank of Iceland on 3 February 2021 projected a return to growth in 2021 of 2.5 per cent and a robust 
recovery in 2022 and 2023 with 5.1 per cent and 4.1 per cent annual growth, respectively. The Central 
Bank of Iceland notes, however, that to a large extent, economic developments will depend on how 
                                                       
1
Source: Statistics Iceland

--- Page 20 ---
17
successful efforts to control the COVID-19 pandemic prove to be, both in Iceland and elsewhere. No 
assurance can be given as to the speed of recovery of the Icelandic economy.
The Icelandic economy has been disproportionally negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic due 
to the high importance of international tourism to the economy and due to the relatively small size of the 
Icelandic economy. Tourism related services accounted for roughly 8 per cent. of GDP in 2016-2019 and 
35 per cent. of export revenues in 2019. According to preliminary figures from the Tourism Satellite 
Accounts, the share of tourism in GDP is estimated to be 3.5 per cent. in 2020. See further in the section 
entitled "The Republic of Iceland- The tourism sector". 
The Government of Iceland and the Central Bank of Iceland announced and introduced an evolving 
action plan to respond to the economic impact of COVID-19 in 2020. It is aimed at reducing and 
shortening the impact on businesses, households and the economy while also creating the conditions for 
a swift recovery. See further the section entitled "The Republic of Iceland - The Icelandic Economy".
Due to the evolving and rapidly changing nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and the various 
governmental measures implemented to counter or limit the adverse impact of the outbreak, including 
implementation of vaccination, it is not possible at this time to accurately predict the ultimate impact of 
the outbreak on the global economy, the Icelandic economy and/or the Bank. 
The Central Bank publishes a Financial Stability Report bi-annually. In the April 2021 Financial Stability 
Report, the Financial Stability Committee concluded that the economic impact of the pandemic is still 
uncertain. Accommodative monetary and macroprudential policies and measures taken by the 
Government have supported households and businesses. Despite rising asset prices, cyclical systemic 
risk has not increased to any significant degree in the recent term. There is still some uncertainty about 
financial institutions' loan quality and how much they will need to write off as a result of the pandemic.2
The three large commercial banks', Landsbankinn, Arion Bank and Íslandsbanki, capital and liquidity 
are strong, and they have ready access to liquidity in both krónur and foreign currencies. As a 
consequence, they currently have the resilience needed to address the repercussions of the pandemic.3
The economic and financial environment, together with the operating and financial conditions of 
borrowers, may affect the Bank's levels of non-performing loans, determination of loan values and the 
level of write-offs – see further in the section entitled "Description of the Bank – Loan Portfolio". Levels 
of credit impaired loans, determination of loan values and the levels of write-offs will depend on general 
economic developments and operating and financial conditions of the relevant borrowers. No assurance 
can be given that the rate of credit impaired loans will decrease in the future. The Icelandic banks could 
be adversely affected if other developments in the Icelandic economy or internationally result in a further 
decline in Iceland's economic growth, particularly in countries that constitute Iceland's main trading 
partners such as European countries.
Should Iceland's economy be adversely affected by domestic or external factors, whether as a result of 
any of the above factors or for other reasons, such as fluctuation in the value of the Icelandic krona, lack 
of foreign investment, inflation, global recession, higher unemployment rate or strikes due to 
unsuccessful collective bargaining negotiations, it could adversely affect the ability of the Bank's 
customers to repay their loans which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial conditions, results of operations, cash flows and prospects, and its ability to make payments in 
respect of the Notes.
                                                       
2
Source: Financial Stability 2021/1, published by the Central Bank on 14 April 2021.  
3
Source: Financial Stability 2021/1, published by the Central Bank on 14 April 2021.

--- Page 21 ---
18
The COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of 
operations and financial position
The COVID-19 pandemic4 has created a global public-health crisis that has resulted in widespread 
volatility and deteriorations in household, business, economic, and market conditions. These events have 
resulted in measures taken by authorities, designed to contain the outbreak, including widespread 
business closures, travel restrictions, quarantines, and cancellations of gatherings and events. While
many vaccinations against the virus are now being administered around the world, significant restrictions 
on international travel and certain types of business activity remain. Those restrictions are not always 
coordinated or consistent across jurisdictions. As a result, there is a significant and expected continued 
negative impact on the tourism industry, including a significant drop in tourist arrivals to Iceland. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected individuals, households, and businesses differently and unevenly. 
See further "The Bank is vulnerable to a range of economic risks that face the Icelandic banking system". 
In particular, the economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic are visible in terms of increased 
unemployment and lower demand for certain goods and services, which in turn is expected to adversely 
impact some corporate and personal borrowers' ability to repay their loans.
Measures have been taken by the Icelandic Government and the Central Bank to facilitate the banking 
system to support households and businesses, such as lowering the countercyclical buffer, reducing the 
liquidity reserve requirements, lowering interest rates and lowering the special tax on financial 
undertakings (see further in section entitled "The Icelandic Economy"). The full economic impact of 
COVID-19 is outside the Bank's control and will depend on the spread of COVID-19, vaccination and 
government actions to contain it and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and business 
activity can resume. 
Although countermeasures have been taken by the Bank, for instance by offering payment holidays, 
some of the Bank's customers are facing difficulties in fulfilling their contractual obligations5. 
If the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is severe or prolonged, this may result in greater volatility, 
reduced liquidity, a widening of credit spreads, a lack of price transparency in credit markets and higher 
levels of non-performing loans which, in turn, may adversely impact the Bank in a number of ways, 
including as a result of (i) declines in net interest income and non-interest income due to reduced activity 
or volatility and declining prices in financial, real estate and/or commodities markets, (ii) higher credit 
losses and increases in the allowances for expected credit losses as a result of the Bank's customers' 
failure to meet existing payment or other obligations to the Bank, (iii) a reduction in demand for the 
Bank's products and services, including loans, deposits and asset management services, (iv) a failure to 
meet the minimum regulatory capital and liquidity ratios and other supervisory requirements, (v) 
possible downgrades to the Bank's credit ratings; and (vi) disruptions to significant portions of the Bank's 
operations as a result of illness, quarantines, self-isolation arrangements, governmental actions and/or 
other restrictions that may be imposed by measures intended to contain any further outbreaks of the 
pandemic, variants of the virus or other diseases which emerge in Iceland that give rise to similar effects. 
Based on the financial performance of the Bank to date, the Bank expects that COVID-19 will have a 
negative impact on its financial results for the year ending 31 December 2021. The degree to which 
COVID-19 impacts the Bank will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be 
                                                       
4
COVID-19, identified in China in late 2019, has spread throughout the world. On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organization 
confirmed that its spread and severity had escalated to the point of pandemic.
5
The 2020 Financial Statements reflect the unprecedented impact caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic 
uncertainties. In assessment of Expected Credit Loss ("ECL") the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Bank's credit portfolio 
is uncertain and it must be considered likely that lower income and/or increased indebtedness may negatively affect credit ratings of 
the Bank's customers and contribute to loan impairment. As at 31 December 2020 the impact of COVID-19 on the Bank's loan 
portfolio can be found in note 4 in the 2020 Financial Statements.

--- Page 22 ---
19
predicted. The factors described above could, together or individually, have an adverse effect on the 
business, results of operations, financial position and liquidity of the Bank.
The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk. The inability of the Bank to anticipate and provide for 
unforeseen changes in funding sources could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's ability 
to meet its obligations as and when they fall due.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Bank will encounter difficulty in meeting its obligations associated with 
financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset, or of having to do so at 
excessive cost. This risk arises from maturity mismatch between financial liabilities and financial assets. 
Liquidity risk is a significant risk factor for the Bank and the Bank places emphasis on monitoring and 
managing liquidity risk. Deposits from customers are the Bank's single largest funding source. As of 31 
December 2020, deposits from customers formed 50.76 per cent. of total assets compared to 49.6 per 
cent. at year end 2019. 
The Bank was an active issuer in the domestic bond market in 2020 through its covered bond issuances. 
In addition, the Bank accesses the international capital market by issuing bonds in foreign currencies 
through its Euro Medium Term Note Programme. See further in "Description of the Bank - Funding".
The ability of the Bank to access the domestic and international capital markets depends on a variety of 
factors, including market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities 
and the credit rating of the Bank. The aforementioned factors could limit the Bank's ability to raise 
funding in the capital markets (see further section entitled "The Bank is exposed to refinancing risk. The 
inability of the Bank to refinance its outstanding debt could have a negative impact on the Bank's 
business"). There is therefore a material risk that it may be unable to repay its obligations when due or 
will only be able to do so at excessive cost. This could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations and therefore its ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes.
The Bank's liquidity management policy is built on international standards on liquidity risk 
measurements developed by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee"), 
for example the Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR") and the Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") and it 
also applies measurements that best suit the operating environment of the Bank. In March 2020, the 
Central Bank of Iceland lowered deposit institutions' average reserve requirement from 1 per cent. to 0 
per cent. and authorised the 1 per cent. fixed reserve requirement to be included in the calculation of the 
LCR with the aim of easing banks' liquidity position and giving them greater scope to respond to changed 
conditions in the domestic economy as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Bank's total LCR at year-end 2020 was 154 per cent. (year-end 2019: 161 per cent.) and 424 per 
cent. in foreign currencies (year-end 2019: 769 per cent.) and 105 per cent. in ISK (year-end 2019: 61 
per cent.), well above regulatory limits and the Bank's risk appetite. The Central Bank of Iceland made 
changes to the Rules on Liquidity Ratio in December 2019, implementing a minimum requirement for 
liquidity ratio in ISK. Effective as of 1 January 2020, the minimum LCR in ISK was 30 per cent. which 
was due to increase to 50 per cent. over the following two years in 10 percentage-point annual 
increments. However, the Central Bank of Iceland lengthened the adaption period by one year in 
December 2020 to further ease access to liquidity in ISK due to prevailing economic uncertainty as a 
result of the Covid-19 pandemic. Hence, the minimum LCR in ISK will be 40 per cent. as of 1 January 
2022 and 50 per cent. as of 1 January 2023. 
The Bank's net stable funding ratio in foreign currencies was 132 per cent. as of 31 December 2020 
(year-end 2019: 143 per cent.) and total NSFR was 116 per cent. at year-end 2020 (year-end 2019: 117 
per cent.). See further in "Description of the Bank- Risk Management Framework."
Although the Bank has in place a liquidity management policy the Bank will continue to be exposed to 
a material risk that it may be unable to repay its obligations under its funding instruments when due or 
will only be able to do so at excessive cost, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's

--- Page 23 ---
20
business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in 
respect of the Notes.
The Bank is exposed to a range of market risks, the most significant being, interest rate, foreign 
exchange indexation and equity risks
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate 
because of changes in market prices. Market risk arises from open positions in currency, equity and 
interest rate products, all of which are exposed to general and specific market movements and changing 
volatility levels in market rates and prices, for instance in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange 
rates and equity prices. 
Changes in interest rate levels, inflation, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest rate margin 
realised between lending and borrowing costs. The current environment of low interest rates has resulted 
in interest-earning assets such as residential mortgage loans, or other loans and securities held, 
generating lower yields upon origination or refinancing, as well as lower levels of interest income 
respectively, when compared to historical levels. Changes in currency rates affect the value of assets and 
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may affect income from foreign exchange dealing. The 
performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Bank's investment and trading 
portfolios.

A major portion of the Bank's assets and liabilities are interest-bearing. The Bank's interest rate 
risk arises from the impact of interest rate changes on the Bank's assets and liabilities, since a 
major portion of the Bank's assets and liabilities are interest-bearing in one manner or another. 
Limited access to capital markets could have a negative effect on the Bank's revenues as it may 
be unable to correct interest rate imbalances between assets and liabilities, based on the timing 
of interest rate reset or maturity. For example, risks can arise if there are fixed and variable interest 
rate items in the same maturity bracket; this may lead to open interest rate positions on the assets 
or liabilities side. This could then affect the Bank's profitability. The Bank may also be limited in 
its ability to adjust interest rates applied to customers due to competitive pressures.

Increased volatility in the foreign exchange markets. The Bank's foreign exchange risk arises 
from exposure to unanticipated changes in the exchange rate between currencies. Increased 
volatility in the foreign exchange markets could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 

Increased volatility in the equity markets. The Bank's equity risk comes from both proprietary 
and securities trading. Elevated uncertainty in the financial markets could lead to increased 
volatility in the equity markets. This could lead to a devaluation of equities and investment funds 
held by the Bank and have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and 
results of operations.

Imbalance in Consumer Price Index ("CPI")linked assets and liabilities. The Bank's indexation 
risk arises from a considerable imbalance in its CPI-linked assets and liabilities. CPI indexation 
risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of CPI linked financial instruments may 
fluctuate due to changes in the Icelandic CPI. The Bank offers CPI linked mortgage loans and 
consumer loans and receives funding in the form of CPI linked borrowing and deposits. 
Therefore, the Bank is exposed to inflation risk when there is a mismatch between its assets and 
liabilities linked to the CPI. In the case of deflation in the CPI, there could be a corresponding 
impact on the balance sheet and loss to the Bank. The Bank's total CPI imbalance at year-end 
2020 amounted to ISK 68 billion (year-end 2019: 129 billion), of which 26 per cent6. was equity 
at year-end 2020.
                                                       
6
Total CPI linked balance /total equity

--- Page 24 ---
21
The Bank's economic capital due to market risk increased in 2020, first and foremost due to extreme 
volatility in equity markets following the COVID-19 pandemic, whereas exposure in the Bank's trading 
portfolios increased only temporarily due to market making activities. See further the 2020 Annual 
Financial Statements which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Although the Bank 
has in place a range of risk management procedures designed to mitigate the aforementioned risks, see 
further in "Description of the Bank- Risk Management Framework", there is no guarantee that the 
procedures will be effective in all circumstances, in which case the Bank could experience material 
losses. Any losses due to market risk exposure could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in 
respect of the Notes.
The Bank is exposed to refinancing risk. The inability of the Bank to refinance its outstanding 
debt could have a material adverse impact on the Bank's business 
The Bank is predominantly funded by customer deposits, market funding and share capital. The Bank 
has diversified its funding profile by issuing bonds, and notes in the domestic and international markets, 
see further section entitled "The Bank is exposed to liquidity risk. The inability of the Bank to anticipate 
and provide for unforeseen changes in funding sources could have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank´s ability to meet its obligations as and when they fall due". The inability of the Bank to refinance 
its outstanding debt in the future, at the right time and at a favourable interest rate could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's business, prospects, financial position and/or result of operations, and its 
ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. Information regarding the Bank's funding is further 
described in "Description of the Bank - Funding".
Should one or more of the Bank's counterparties fail to fulfil its obligations, it may result in 
material adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations
Granting of credit is the Bank's major source of income and credit risk is the Bank's most significant risk 
factor. Credit risk is defined as the risk that a party to a financial instrument, be it a client, customer or 
market counterparty, will cause a financial loss to the Bank by failing to fulfil its obligations.
Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Bank's customers and counterparties or a general 
deterioration in Icelandic or global economic conditions, or arising from systematic risks in the financial 
systems, could affect the recoverability and value of the Bank's assets and require an increase in the 
Bank's provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. Specific issues and events where credit 
risk could adversely affect revenues in 2021 and subsequent years include but are not limited to:

Concentration of loan portfolio in certain sectors could adversely affect the Bank. The Bank's 
loan portfolio is relatively concentrated in key sectors. These are households, fisheries, real estate 
companies, construction and the travel industry. See further in "Description of the Bank - Loan 
Portfolio". Downturns in these sectors that would influence customers' ability to meet their 
obligations may have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.

Deterioration of economic conditions could increase the required loan impairment for the Bank. 
The Bank's customer loan portfolio is predominately comprised of loans to Icelandic Borrowers. 
Higher unemployment rates, reduced personal disposable income levels and increased personal 
and corporate insolvency rates may reduce customers' ability to repay loans. See further in 
"Description of the Bank - Loan Portfolio". This, in addition to depressed asset valuations could 
have an impact on the adequacy of the Bank's loss reserves and future impairment charges.
The creditworthiness of the Bank's counterparties may deteriorate. The Bank cannot guarantee that 
currently performing loans will not become credit impaired loans in the future or that impairments or 
losses relating to credit impaired loans will not occur. The Bank attempts to manage the aforementioned 
risks through its credit risk management policies, by monitoring the extension of credit to customers and 
the taking of collateral, but there is no guarantee that such precautions will be effective, and the Bank

--- Page 25 ---
22
could be exposed to more credit risk than it finds acceptable. See further in "Description of the Bank-
Risk Management Framework". For instance, the credit quality of the Bank's borrowers could decline, 
the value of the collateral could decline, inherent risk in each loan application could be assessed 
incorrectly and deviations from the rules by committees allowed to make such deviations could become 
more frequent, especially in response to increase competition amongst lenders due to any deterioration 
in the economic situation in Iceland. Furthermore, if employees do not comply with the Bank's credit 
risk management policies it can result in riskier loans being extended than permitted within the Bank's 
risk appetite.
As at year-end 2020, the Bank's credit risk exceeded the Bank's risk appetite and uncertainties remain 
while current economic conditions persist, and parts of the portfolio remain in moratoria. See further 
"the impact of COVID-19 on the Bank's loan portfolio" in note 4 of the 2020 Financial Statements, 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. If any customer, or an industry sector to 
which the Bank is exposed, defaults or experiences a significant deterioration in business or prospects, 
as the case may be, the Bank may experience a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, 
financial position and/or result of operation, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
Business related risks
Operational risks are inherent in the Bank's business activities and are typical of comparable 
businesses
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions 
properly or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and 
business rules, equipment failure, natural disasters or the failure or inadequacy of internal processes or 
systems or external systems; for example, those of the Bank's suppliers or counterparties. 
The Bank has in place and maintains necessary rules and working procedures and keeps them accessible 
to all employees on the Bank's intranet. It is intended to ensure that key information on work processes 
is available in one place. However, there is no guarantee that mistakes will not be made, which might 
have a material impact on the Bank's business.
Both current and former employees of the Bank can damage the Bank if they infringe its rules either 
intentionally or through negligence. While it is difficult to evaluate the damage in each instance, the loss 
can be financial and/or detrimental to the Bank's reputation. The Bank could suffer a loss as a result of 
criminal actions, such as a bank robbery, fraud, cyber-crimes, money laundering or embezzlement. All 
of these risk factors could cause the Bank extensive damage and affect its performance. 
The Bank has implemented controls designed to detect, monitor and mitigate operational risks – see 
further in the section entitled "Description of the Bank – Risk Management Framework". However, there 
is a risk that these controls cannot completely eliminate such risks as some can be difficult to detect or 
recommendations and suggestions of surveillance units of the Bank (such as the compliance and internal 
audit functions) could be ignored, misunderstood or misapplied and mitigation may fail to be effective. 
Failures in internal controls could subject the Bank to regulatory scrutiny. Such events could harm the 
Bank's reputation and have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, prospects, financial position 
and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Failure to manage compliance risk could adversely affect the Bank's business
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss or damage to the Bank's 
reputation as a result of failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, codes of conduct and 
standards of good practice, which could have an adverse effect on the Bank's prospects and ability to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. The Bank's Compliance Officer monitors that the Bank's rules 
on securities trading and insider dealing are followed, and that the Bank's operations comply with the 
Act on Securities Transactions, the Act on Actions to Combat Money Laundering and Terrorist

--- Page 26 ---
23
Financing, No. 140/2018 ("Act on Actions to Combat Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing"), 
and other relevant legislation and regulations.
The Bank is subject to rules and regulations regarding anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist 
financing and economic sanctions. In general, the risk that banks will be subjected to or used for bribery 
or money laundering has increased worldwide. Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and 
anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant financial burden on banks and other financial 
institutions and pose significant technical problems. 
The Bank believes that its current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules 
and regulations. There is, however, always a risk that its anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism 
financing policies and procedures might fail to prevent instances of money laundering or terrorism 
financing, or that its employees might fail to comply with such policies. Any violation of anti-money 
laundering or anti-terrorism financing rules, or suggestion of violations, may have severe legal and 
reputational consequences for the Bank and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's financial 
conditions and results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. The Bank 
cannot guarantee that further changes to such policies could completely prevent situations of money 
laundering or bribery, for which the Bank might be held responsible.
Increased competition and changes in ownership of the Bank's main competitors may affect the 
Bank and its business
As demand for new lending and other financial products increases, the Bank expects to face increased 
competition from other large Icelandic banks, pension funds and smaller specialised institutions (see
"Description of the Bank - Competition"). In addition, if there is sufficient credit demand, the Bank may 
potentially face competition from foreign banks seeking to establish operations in Iceland, in particular 
with respect to the customers of the Corporate & Investment Banking division. The Financial Stability 
Counsel of Iceland ("FSC") places the Bank and other systemically important financial institutions under 
considerable regulatory scrutiny. This can hinder the Bank's competitiveness. Due to the small economy 
of Iceland and the Bank's lack of scale advantage and high regulatory obligations, as a systemically 
important financial institution in Iceland, foreign competitors may have more resources and financial 
means available to them, compared to the Bank, allowing foreign competitors to offer banking products 
at a lower price. The Bank may have to comply with regulatory requirements that may not apply to such 
foreign competitors, creating an unequal competitive environment. For example, in addition to the basic 
corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. in Iceland, the Bank is subject to certain other taxes which are 
specific to Iceland and which increase its effective tax rate and its effective cost of funding, which in 
turn can inhibit its ability to compete effectively with domestic and foreign lenders who are not subject 
to such additional taxes. (see "Changes in tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Bank's 
business").
In addition, it is likely that competition will intensify even further with the emerging competition from 
financial technology ("FinTech") start-ups (especially digital technology that is often referred to as 
FinTech). A new bill on payment services has been submitted to the Icelandic Parliament with the 
intention of the bill being approved and entering into force on 1 July 2021. The bill implements the
Revised Payment Service Directive No. 2015/2366 ("PSD2") into Icelandic law. The PSD2 requires the 
commercial banks to open up their application program interface (the "APIs"), so that third-party 
payment service providers can directly access and use their client's account data. In essence, PSD2 
separates the distribution of banking services from their production, by allowing new entrants to provide 
almost any kind of banking products and services under lighter regulation. When PSD2 comes into 
effect, the distribution of financial services will become open to non-banks and consequently, retail 
banking revenues could decrease. Competitive pressures caused by FinTech firms, and in particular the 
emergence of open banking, may cause greater and faster disruption to banks' business models and 
revenues in Iceland. This could therefore have a negative effect on the Bank's business.

--- Page 27 ---
24
To keep up with the rapid development in the financial market, the Bank replaced its core deposit and 
payment system, with Sopra banking system, a system provided by Reiknistofa Bankanna, which 
simplified and updated the Bank's technological infrastructure. The Sopra banking system opens the way 
to increased integration of software solutions in the financial system. 
The Bank will continue to offer the full range of specialised financial products to individuals, corporate 
entities and institutions and to work on product development to meet increased competition and keep up 
with the rapid development in digital technology. If the Bank is unable to provide attractive financial 
products and services at more competitive prices, or to implement solutions to keep up with development 
in digital technology, it may lose market share which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, prospects, financial position, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank and Íslandsbanki, which are two of the four commercial 
banks in Iceland, are partially or wholly owned by the Icelandic State Treasury. In June 2018, sales of 
shares in Arion Bank through initial public offerings took place and the shares were listed on the 
Icelandic and Swedish Stock markets. According to the Icelandic State Financial Investments ("ISFI"), 
which manages the shareholding and the corresponding voting rights in the Bank and Íslandsbanki, on 
behalf of the largest shareholder, the Icelandic State Treasury, it is the intention of the ISFI to retain a 
substantial equity stake in the Bank for the long term, and a decision has been made by the Minister of 
Finance and Economic Affairs to initiate the process of the sales of shares in Íslandsbanki and prepare 
for a listing on a local regulated stock market.7 For further information, see the section entitled "The 
Icelandic State Treasury is the largest shareholder of the Bank" and "Description of the Bank-
Shareholder, Share Capital and Dividend policy". This may affect the Bank and its business. Any 
changes in ownership of the Bank, Arion Bank and Íslandsbanki (the "Three Banks") can affect the 
competitive environment and the Bank's business, financial condition and result of operations.
The Icelandic banking system is relatively small and has been subject to restructuring, which 
could limit opportunities and involve risks that could materially affect the Bank
The Three Banks are the largest commercial banks in Iceland and were established after the banking 
crisis in 2008. The total assets of the Three Banks comprised around 74 per cent. of the total assets of 
all Icelandic credit institutions (excluding the Central Bank),8 as at the end of 2020, according to the 
Central Bank of Iceland. The Icelandic banking system is small and the Three Banks have had limited 
opportunities for growth. 
The Bank has so far primarily engaged in domestic lending in krona, but the Bank has limited funding 
opportunities in Icelandic krona, namely its ISK denominated deposits and its covered bond and debt 
securities issuance facilities. External factors may affect the Bank's depositor base as an increase in the 
availability of alternative investment opportunities arise in the future. Due to the small economy and 
present competition for funding, there are limited opportunities for the growth of funding opportunities 
in krona. Consequently, the Bank's ability to increase its corporate lending is limited and will continue 
to be limited unless the Bank is able to find additional sources of funding in Icelandic krona (see 
"Description of the Bank - Funding").
The relatively small banking system, given the small size of the Icelandic economy (see "The Republic 
of Iceland - The Icelandic Economy"), and the ongoing restructuring of the Icelandic banking sector have 
affected and continue to affect the Icelandic banks. The reputation of the Icelandic banking sector has at 
times been negative due to the financial crisis in 2008 and the subsequent recession in Iceland. This 
negative reputation can be reflected in political and legislative decisions which have had a material 
adverse effect on the Bank. Various ideas have been discussed on how to improve the banking sector in 
Iceland, one being to initiate a sale process on either of the two state owned banks, namely Landsbankinn 
and Íslandsbanki. In January 2021, the Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs made a formal decision 
                                                       
7
Source: "Bankasýsla ríkisins" published in February 2021 by the ISFI: http://www.bankasysla.is/en/news/nr/390/
8
Source: Central Bank of Iceland, Landsbankinn, Arion Bank and Íslandsbanki annual reports

--- Page 28 ---
25
to initiate the process of selling minimum of 25 per cent shares in the state-owned bank Íslandsbanki. 
For further information see the risk factor entitled "The Icelandic State Treasury is the largest 
shareholder of the Bank. This may affect the Bank and its business". Another is the introduction of a 
potential law requiring the separation of commercial banking activities from investment banking 
activities, which could require the Bank to divest or otherwise restructure some of its operations. No 
such requirements have been enacted to-date, but there can be no assurance that such law or similar or 
related measures will not be proposed and ultimately be enacted, which in turn could have a material 
negative effect on the Bank's business.
The occurrence of any of the factors described above could seriously undermine Iceland's economy and 
confidence in the banking system in Iceland and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition and operating results and its ability to make payments in respect of the 
Notes.
The Bank is exposed to the risk of breach of security, unauthorised disclosure of confidential 
information and personal data, or functionality of its information systems that could have 
materially adverse effects on the Bank's business
Banks and their activities are increasingly dependent on Information and communication technology 
("ICT") systems, including a significant shift away from physical bank branches and towards greater 
reliance on internet websites and the development and use of new applications on smartphones. The 
Bank's ICT systems comprise a significant operational risk, both with regard to their functioning and 
accessibility. The Bank's ICT systems are varied and, in many instances, depend upon co-operating 
partners and they are vulnerable to a number of problems, such as software or hardware malfunctions, 
interruptions in network availability, hacking, human error, physical damage to vital ICT centres and 
computer viruses. Various kinds of external attacks, viruses, denial of service attacks or other types of 
attacks on the Bank's computer systems could disrupt the Bank's operations. The Bank has in place 
specific disaster recovery and business continuity plans, including back-up sites. Furthermore, the Bank 
is certified in accordance with ISO 27001, the international standards on information security. This 
standard helps the Bank in assessing and monitoring operational risk in the certified areas. It is not 
entirely possible, however, to eliminate operational risk arising from unexpected events. 
As part of its business, the Bank is responsible for safeguarding information such as personal customer, 
merchant data and transaction data. ICT systems need regular upgrades to meet the needs of changing 
business and regulatory requirements and to keep up with developments in the market and to be able to 
rely on information and communication technology more broadly. The Bank believes it has in place 
sufficient policies and procedures to comply with relevant data protection and privacy laws by its 
employees and any third-party service providers. The Bank has also taken necessary steps to implement 
and maintain appropriate security measures to protect confidential information. However, the Bank may 
not be able to implement necessary upgrades on a timely basis and upgrades may fail to function as 
planned. In addition to costs that may be incurred as a result of any failure of its ICT systems or technical 
issues associated with, as well as the general cost of, upgrading its ICT systems, the Bank could face 
fines from regulators if its ICT systems fail to enable it to comply with applicable banking or reporting 
regulations, including data protection regulations.
The Bank maintains back-up systems for its operations and one of the back-up systems is located outside 
its premises. However, under limited circumstances, for example, in the event of a major catastrophe 
resulting in the failure of its ICT systems, the Bank could lose certain recently entered data with regards 
to its operation located outside its premises.
In the event of a breach of applicable law due to loss of confidential information, or as a result of 
unauthorised third-party access, this could result in additional costs relating to compensation, fines, 
reputational damage, loss of relationship with financial institutions, sanctions, legal proceedings, and 
adverse regulatory actions against the Bank, by the authorities, customers, merchants or other third 
parties. Unauthorised disclosure of confidential information could occur in a number of circumstances,

--- Page 29 ---
26
including as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, interruption in network availability, hacking,
human error, physical damage to vital ICT centres and computer viruses, as well as physical security 
breaches due to unauthorised personnel gaining physical access to confidential information. 
In 2018, the European General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR") was implemented in Iceland, 
by Act No. 90/2018, and other jurisdictions in which the Bank operates. The Bank is exposed to the 
enhanced data protection requirements under the GDPR and has needed to make additional changes to 
its operations, which incurred additional costs, in order to comply with the GDPR. A designated Data 
Protection Officer is within the Bank, to ensure full compliance with the GDPR. Failure to comply with 
the GDPR could subject the Bank to substantial fines.
Although the Bank maintains customary insurance policies for its operations, such insurance policies 
may not be adequate to compensate the Bank for all losses that may occur as a result of any 
aforementioned damage, interruption, failure or lack of capacity. A sustained failure of the Bank's ICT 
systems centrally or across its branches would have a significant impact on its operations, reputation and 
the confidence of its customers in the reliability and safety of its banking systems and could result in 
costly litigations. Any of the aforementioned factors could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, prospects, financial position, reputation and/or results of operations, and its ability to make
payments in respect of the Notes.
Cyberattacks 
Cybersecurity risks are foremost related to the Bank's internet banking users and include potential 
unauthorised access to privileged and sensitive customer information, including internet banking 
credentials as well as account and credit card information. The Bank is responsible for safeguarding such 
confidential information and must comply with strict data protection and privacy laws when dealing 
with such data as the GDPR. The Bank's activities have been, and are expected to continue to be, subject 
to an increasing risk of ICT crime in the form of Trojan attacks and denial of service attacks, the nature 
of which are continually evolving. The Bank believes it has in place investments to address threats from 
cyberattacks, but the Bank cannot guarantee that these investments will be successful in part or in full 
or without significant additional expenditures. The Bank may experience security breaches or 
unexpected disruptions to its systems and services in the future, which could, in turn, result in liabilities 
or losses to the Bank, its customers and/or third parties and have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
prospects, reputation, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments of 
the Notes.
The Bank relies on third-party service providers, which may fail to perform their contractual 
obligations, which could have materially adverse effects on the Bank's business
The Bank relies on the services, products and knowledge of third-party service providers in the operation 
of its business. No assurance can be given that the third-party service providers selected by the Bank 
will be able to provide the products and services for which they have been contracted, for example, as a 
result of failing to have the relevant capabilities, products or services in place or due to changed 
regulatory requirements. 
The Bank also faces the risk that third-party service providers may become insolvent, enter into default 
or fail to perform their contractual obligations in a timely manner (or at all) or fail to perform their 
contractual obligations at an adequate and acceptable level. Any such failure from any third-party service 
provider, such as ICT system service providers, could lead to interruptions in the Bank's operations or 
result in vulnerability of its ICT systems, exposing the Bank to operational failures, additional costs or 
cyber-attacks. The Bank may need to replace a third-party service provider, on short notice, to resolve 
any potential problems, and the search for and payment to a new third-party service provider, on short 
notice, or any other measures to remedy such potential problems may be costly. 
The Bank generally includes confidentiality obligations in its agreements with third party partners, or 
service providers, who may have access to confidential information. Although the obligations restrict

--- Page 30 ---
27
such third parties from using or disclosing any such confidential information, these contractual measures 
may not be able to prevent the unauthorised use, modification, destruction or disclosure of confidential 
information. Further, the Bank might not be able to seek reimbursement from such third party in case of 
a breach of confidentiality or data security obligations.
Any failure by a third-party service provider to deliver the contracted products and services in a timely 
manner (or at all) or to deliver products and services in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 
and at an adequate and acceptable level could result in reputational damage, additional costs relating to 
customers and/or merchant compensations or other charges, claims, losses and damages and have a 
material adverse effect on the Bank, its business, prospects, financial position and/or results of 
operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
The Bank's future success depends, in part, on its ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified 
and experienced banking and management personnel
The Bank's performance is to a large extent dependent on the performance of its senior management and 
highly skilled employees. The departure of key members of its senior management or employees may 
significantly delay the attainment of the Bank's business objectives and could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. At year end 2020 the number of full-
time equivalent positions during the year was 921 compared to 950 at year end 2019. Salaries and related 
expenses year over year was ISK 14,767 million in 2020 compared with ISK 14,458 million the previous 
year.
The Bank's remuneration policy is determined by the Board of Directors and approved by the Annual 
General Meeting ("AGM") and applies to the Board of Directors, the Executive Board and all the Bank's 
employees. The Bank does not offer variable remuneration. When the labour market is experiencing 
wage inflation the Bank may come under pressure to increase the salaries of its employees. Salary 
increases can lead to increases in the Bank's expenditure which could have adverse effect on the Bank's 
business, financial condition and ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
In addition, competition for personnel with relevant expertise is significant, due to the relatively small 
number of available qualified individuals in Iceland. Failure to attract, recruit and retain senior 
management and key employees could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business and its 
ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
Damage to the Bank's image and reputation could adversely affect its operation
The image and reputation of the Bank are some of the Bank's most valuable assets. The risk of damage 
to the Bank's image or reputation is present whenever it is the subject of discussion. The ability to attract 
and retain customers, staff and conduct business with its counterparties could be jeopardised if the Bank's 
reputation is badly affected. Damage to its image or reputation (such as a perception that the Bank has 
failed to address various issues) could prompt the Bank's customers to direct their business elsewhere 
which could result in loss of revenues – see further in the section entitled "Description of the Bank –
Competition". This could have a negative impact on the Bank's business and its ability to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. Such reputational issues include, but are not limited to:

the fact the Icelandic State Treasury is the largest shareholder of the Bank (see. "The Icelandic 
State Treasury is the largest shareholder of the Bank. This may affect the Bank and its business");

poor customer services or ICT failures or interruptions that impact customer service and accounts 
(see "The Bank is exposed to the risk of breach of security, unauthorised disclosure of confidential 
information and personal data, or functionality of its information system that could have 
materially adverse effect on the Bank's business");

failure to maintain appropriate standards of customer privacy and record keeping and disclosure 
of confidential information (see Cyberattacks);

--- Page 31 ---
28

statements concerning matters of the Bank from a high-level representative that are adversely 
perceived by the public;

failure to properly identify legal, regulatory, operational, credit, liquidity and market risks that 
are inherent in the Bank's services (see. "The Bank is exposed to a range of market risks, the most 
significant being, interest rate, foreign exchange indexation and equity risks" and "Operational 
risks are inherent in the Bank's business activities and are typical of comparable businesses");

failure to demonstrate that the Bank adequately addresses the environmental, social and 
governance ("ESG") issues, as increased regulation and public awareness related to ESG related 
developments involves;

breach or allegation of having breached laws or regulations (see "Regulatory changes or 
enforcement initiatives could increase compliance costs and adversely affect the Bank´s business, 
if the Bank becomes subject to increasingly complex requirements", Litigation" and "Operational 
risks are inherent in the Bank´s business activities and are typical of comparable businesses").
There is no guarantee that the Bank will be able to address the aforementioned issues appropriately. Any 
failure to do so could damage the Bank's reputation and make stakeholders, such as customers and 
investors, less willing to conduct business with the Bank. This could cause the Bank to suffer material 
losses to its revenue, and as such, its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
The Bank's financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates, which, if 
inaccurate, could lead to future losses
The Bank's accounting policies and methods are critical to how it reports its financial condition and 
results of operations. The financial statements of the Bank have been prepared on a going-concern basis 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (the "IFRS") as adopted by the 
European Union. The preparation of financial statements requires the Bank's management to make 
judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported 
amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Identification of certain accounting policies to the 
2020 financial statements have been identified as critical because they require estimates and judgements 
in applying accounting policies, see note 3 to the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. Actual results 
may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going 
basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised 
and in any future periods affected. Estimates and assumptions involve a substantial risk which could 
result in material adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities during the next financial 
year.
The Bank may be impacted by changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and the 
interpretation of such policies and standards. From time to time the international Accounting Standards 
Board (the "IASB") changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation 
of the Bank and its principal subsidiaries (the "Group's") financial statements. In some cases, the Group 
may be required to apply a new or revised standard, or alter the application of an existing standard, 
subsequently, calling for a restatement of prior period financial statements necessary. There is 
uncertainty surrounding the Bank's judgement, estimates and assumptions, therefore the Bank cannot 
guarantee that it will not be required to make changes to the accounting estimates or restate prior 
financial statements in the future, which could adversely affect the Bank's financial position and/or 
results of operations and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
The Bank's insurance coverage may not adequately cover all losses
The Bank has taken a conscious decision to insure itself against specific risks. The Bank holds all 
mandatory insurance coverage, including fire insurance and mandatory vehicle insurance, plus 
comprehensive vehicle insurance. The Bank also holds insurance policies provided for collective 
bargaining agreements with the Confederation of Icelandic Bank and Finance Employees, such as life

--- Page 32 ---
29
and accident insurance, and insurance stipulated by other wage contracts as applicable. In addition, the 
Bank has taken out liability insurance against third-party claims, insurance on moveable property and 
professional liability insurance for its auditors and directors' and officers' liability insurance for the 
Bank's directors and senior management. The Bank also carries insurance against comprehensive crime
and professional indemnity coverage. Comprehensive crime insurance provides cover for fraud by 
employees and third parties. It covers financial losses sustained by the Group, including those sustained 
in customer accounts, which are first discovered during the period of the policy, regardless of when the 
fraudulent acts were committed. In addition, money transportation is insured in accordance with the 
interests at stake in each instance. Recently, the Bank has taken out a cyber liability insurance which 
covers damages and claim expenses resulting from cyber breaches, as well as possible privacy regulatory 
actions. It should be borne in mind, however, that despite the insurance policies carried by the Bank, 
there is no guarantee that the Bank will be fully compensated should the Bank need to lodge claims. If 
the Bank did submit claims under its policies, the premiums it pays could be expected to increase in the 
future. The Bank's insurance policies are subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable policies.
If the Bank's insurance coverage does not adequately cover all losses, the Bank may suffer a financial 
loss, which could negatively impact its business.
The Bank may be exposed to risks that are either not identified or inadequately appraised by 
present risk management methods which could have negative impacts on the Bank's financial 
position
The Bank's risk management strategies may fail under certain circumstances especially when faced with 
risks that have not been identified or anticipated. The Bank has developed and implemented principles, 
procedures and rating methods for the monitoring and identification of risks. Nevertheless, even with 
these monitoring systems in place it is not possible to completely eradicate the Bank's exposure to risks 
of various kinds which may not be identified or anticipated. 
Unanticipated or incorrectly quantified risk exposures could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's 
operation, financial condition and its ability to make payments of the Notes. Information regarding the 
Bank's risk management is further described in "Description of the Bank – Risk Management 
Framework".
Environmental disasters, natural catastrophes, pandemics and acts of war could have a negative 
impact on the Bank's revenues and on-going operation 
As a bank with substantially all of its operations in Iceland, any environmental disasters and natural 
catastrophes in Iceland could significantly impair the environment in which the Bank operates. Although 
natural catastrophes and environmental disasters are unforeseen factors that could threaten the Bank's 
ability to maintain its operations, attempts are made to limit this risk by ensuring the security of critical 
equipment, its location and distribution between risk areas. The Operational Risk Department is 
responsible for business continuity management and for maintaining the Bank's disaster recovery plans. 
The Bank also has in place specific disaster recovery and business continuity plans. See further section 
entitled "Description of the Bank - Risk Management Framework". Although the Bank endeavours to 
hedge operational risk by implementing appropriate control processes and maintains customary 
insurance policies for its operations, it is possible that these measures may prove to be ineffective and 
that the Bank's insurance may not cover all losses. Any losses experienced by the Bank due to 
environmental disaster, natural catastrophes, pandemics or act of wars could have a material adverse
effect on the Bank's business, prospects, financial position and/or result of operations, and its ability to 
make payments in respect of the Notes.
The Bank's operating environment is still to some extent subject to capital controls, which with 
further changes due to national economic circumstances or otherwise, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank´s business
Foreign exchange transactions have been subject to capital controls, as defined in the Foreign Exchange 
Act, No. 87/1992 (the "Foreign Exchange Act") and Central Bank Rules on Foreign Exchange since

--- Page 33 ---
30
2008 (the current rules are No. 200/2017, as amended). The capital controls were, to a large extent, lifted 
in March 2017 and in April 2019. Following the most recent amendments, restrictions on foreign 
exchange transactions and cross border movement of domestic and foreign currency have been removed. 
However, there are still restrictions on the following: (i) derivatives trading for purposes other than 
hedging and (ii) foreign exchange transactions carried out between residents and non-residents without 
the intermediation of a financial undertaking. Offshore krona assets as defined in Act No. 37/2016 are 
still subject to special restrictions that have been largely removed by Temporary Provision I of Act No.
37/2016 and Central Bank Rules No. 224/2019. Temporary Provision III of the Foreign Exchange Act 
and Central Bank Rules No. 490/2016 introduced a capital inflow management measure, to temper 
inflows of foreign currency and to affect the composition of such inflows. The rules on special reserve 
requirement for new foreign currency inflow, have been amended several times and the current rules are 
Central Bank Rules No. 223/2019. 
A new bill on Foreign Exchange (the "New Foreign Exchange Bill"), which entails a comprehensive 
revision of the Foreign Exchange Act, Act No. 37/2016 and other related regulatory acts, was submitted 
to the Icelandic Parliament in February 2021. The New Foreign Exchange Bill does not introduce 
fundamental changes to the current law in this area, but the aim is to simplify and clarify the foreign 
exchange legal environment. It is unclear when the proposed bill will pass as law. See further in "The 
Republic of Iceland- Capital Controls". 
The restrictions on capital movements imposed in Iceland constitute protective measures under Article 
43 of the EEA Agreement (the "EEA Agreement") and have been notified to the European Free Trade 
Association (the "EFTA") Standing Committee under the procedures provided for in Protocol 18 of the 
EEA Agreement in conjunction with Protocol 2 of the EEA Agreement between the EFTA States on the 
Establishment of a Surveillance Authority and a Court of Justice (the "Surveillance and Court 
Agreement"). Following a referral by the District Court of Reykjavík (the "District Court"), the Court 
of Justice of the EFTA States (the "EFTA Court") issued a reasoned opinion on 14 December 2011 (case 
E-3/11) whereby the EFTA Court ruled that it had competence according to the EEA Agreement and the 
Surveillance and Court Agreement to review the rules on currency restrictions, inter alia, in light of the 
general principle of proportionality. The EFTA Court further declared that, at the time in question, the 
rules in question were proportionate. However, this ruling of the EFTA Court does not preclude further 
scrutiny of such currency controls by the relevant EEA institutions at any time.
It is uncertain when, and if, any or all of the remaining restrictions relating to the capital controls will be 
lifted, and if economic circumstances in Iceland were to change, there can be no assurance that the 
Central Bank, would not re-impose elements of the capital controls which have already been lifted. 
Additionally, even if the capital controls were to be lifted in full and on a permanent basis, the level of 
foreign direct investment in Iceland may be affected by a market perception that capital restrictions could 
be re-imposed in the future, which could limit the growth prospects of the Icelandic economy and 
ultimately for the Bank. The aforementioned could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business 
and result of operations and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
Prospective investors in the Notes must consider the risk of further changes to the capital controls and 
the special reserve requirements and the impact this may have on the Bank's business and an investment 
in the Notes. Prospective investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their 
professional advisers
The Icelandic State Treasury is the largest shareholder of the Bank. This may affect the Bank 
and its business
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the ISFI manages a 98.2 per cent. shareholding and the 
corresponding voting rights on behalf of the largest shareholder, the Icelandic State Treasury. The 
Icelandic Parliament has authorised the Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs to sell all of the 
Icelandic State Treasury's shares in the Bank which are in excess of 70 per cent. of the Bank's total share 
capital, subject to any proposals that may be put forward by the ISFI. Any such sale or disposal, and any

--- Page 34 ---
31
conditions attaching to it, could affect the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
See further in "Description of the Bank- Shareholders, share capital and dividend policy."
In certain areas, Icelandic legislation imposes special rules on the Bank since the Icelandic State Treasury 
holds the majority shareholding in the Bank. These rules do not apply to the Bank's main competitors, 
except for Íslandsbanki which became wholly owned by the Icelandic State Treasury in January 20169. 
These rules may impose a heavier regulatory burden on the Bank compared to its competitors and may 
thus have a negative impact on the Bank's competitive position. The Bank's business, financial condition 
and results of operations could therefore be negatively affected and impact the Bank's ability to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. These rules are: (i) Article 4 of the Act on the Auditor General and the 
Auditing of Government Accounts No. 46/2016 (the functions of the Auditor General include auditing 
the annual accounts of limited liability companies where the State owns 50 per cent. of the shares or 
more); (ii) Article 2 of the Information Act No. 140/2012 (the Bank is subject to provisions of the Act 
but can obtain a temporary exemption from falling under the scope of the Act); and (iii) Article 14 of the 
Act on Public Archives No. 77/2014 (the Bank is subject to provisions of this Act). Following a 
settlement with the Icelandic Competition Authority on 11 March 2016 relating to the changes in 
ownership of Íslandsbanki and a motion approved by the AGM of the Bank held on 14 April 2016, the 
Board of Directors of the Bank added provisions on the competitive independence of the Bank towards 
other state-owned commercial banks to its rules of procedures. 
Legal risk relating to the Bank
Legal and regulatory risks
The Bank, as a systemically important financial institution in Iceland, is regulated by the FSA and must 
comply with banking and financial services laws and government regulations. Legal risk includes but is 
not limited to, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions as 
well as private settlements. The Bank is subject to a number of laws, regulations, administrative actions 
and policies governing the provision of financial services in Iceland. The Bank is required to abide by 
various legal and regulatory requirements. Failure to do so may lead to litigation and administrative 
proceedings, which could subject the Bank to damages claims, regulatory fines or other penalties.
Although the Bank works closely with regulators and continually monitors its legal position, future 
changes in regulations, fiscal or other policies can be unpredictable and are beyond the Bank's control. 
Any changes to current legislation might affect the Bank's operations and its results of operations and 
its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
Regulatory risks relate not only to regulation within Iceland, but also from the ability of Iceland, as a 
member of the EEA Agreement, to adopt, implement and administer implementation of new European 
directives and regulations into Icelandic rules and regulations. See further section entitled "Iceland´s 
national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstance". This may include 
late implementation into Icelandic rules and regulations and more stringent requirements where they are 
permitted or required to do so, like in the respect of capital requirements.
The Bank will at any time be involved in several court proceedings, which is considered normal due to 
the nature of the business undertaken. In some cases, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the 
outcome of the proceeding and the amount of possible damages. Despite the fact the Bank has created 
appropriate provisions for legal and regulatory risk, there is still a risk that such provisions will not be 
adequate in certain circumstances. As of 31 December 2020, economic capital for legal and regulatory 
risk amounted to ISK 2.329 million compared to ISK 2.067 million in 2019. These cases may include 
possible criminal or administrative proceeding by the relevant authority and claims in which the claimant 
                                                       
9 The Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs has made a formal decision to initiate the process of the sale of shares in Íslandsbanki 
in accordance with the Icelandic State Financial Investments (ISFI) proposal dated December 17, 2020. The ISFI is tasked with 
preparing Íslandsbanki for a listing on a local regulated stock market and the consequent sale of shares in a public offering (IPO) with 
the aim of a distributed ownership and the minimum of 25 per cent. of shares and a maximum of 35 per cent. of shares to be sold

--- Page 35 ---
32
has not specifically quantified the amounts in disputes. The results of any adverse proceedings could 
have a material adverse effect on its results and reputation. For further information on litigation see 
"Description of the Bank – Litigation".
Changes to capital and related requirements could adversely affect the Bank's results
The international regulatory framework for banks, Basel III, includes requirements regarding regulatory 
capital, liquidity, leverage ratio and counterparty credit risk measurements. See further in "Description 
of the Bank- Risk Management Framework". Within the European Union the Basel III framework has 
been implemented in a legislative package known as CRD IV and CRR, later amended by CRD V and 
CRR II. Following incorporation of the legislative package into the EEA Agreement, the package is in 
the process of being implemented into Icelandic law. The implementation has taken place in steps and 
is not completed. Moreover, implementation into Icelandic law of a Minimum Requirement for own 
funds and Eligible Liabilities ("MREL") under the BRRD (defined below) is in preparation. 
Any failure by the Bank to maintain any increased regulatory capital requirements or to comply with 
any other requirements introduced by regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the 
imposition of sanctions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's financial condition and 
results of operations and may also have other effects on the Bank's financial performance and on the 
pricing of the Notes, both with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions. 
Any changes under CRR II, CRD V and Basel III, by impacting the capital requirements in respect of 
the Notes, may affect the incentives of investors to hold onto the Notes if such investors are subject to 
requirements to follow the relevant framework. As a result, these changes may affect the liquidity and/or 
value of the Notes. Therefore, prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisers as to 
the consequences of the implementation of the relevant legal measures in Iceland.
The implementation of the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to the relevant entity considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under 
the BRRD as implemented in Iceland could materially affect the value of any Notes.
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU which provides an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive"
or "BRRD") entered into force. The BRRD has been implemented into Icelandic law through Act 
54/2018, amending the Act on Financial Undertaking, and Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution 
of Credit Institutions.
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical 
financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system.
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
an institution is considered as failing or likely to fail: (i) sale of business which enables resolution 
authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) 
bridge institution which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm 
to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); 
(iii) asset separation which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to a bridge institution or one 
or more asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down; and (iv) bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power 
to write down the claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution (write-down may result in the 
reduction in value of such claims to zero) and to convert unsecured debt claims to equity or other 
instruments of ownership (the "general bail-in tool") (subject to certain parameters as to which 
liabilities would be eligible for the general bail-in tool), which equity or other instruments could also be 
subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.

--- Page 36 ---
33
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) when its assets are, or are likely in 
the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) when it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in 
limited circumstances).
In accordance with the implementation of the BRRD in Iceland, the Notes may be subject to the exercise 
of the general bail-in tool by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in Condition 17 under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes") and the Notes include a contractual consent to the application of any Bail-
in and Statutory Loss Absorption Powers (as defined in Condition 17 under "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes").
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD allows for resolution authorities to have the further 
power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments or other instruments of 
ownership such as the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution 
action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any instruments issued to holders of Subordinated 
Notes upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or 
dilution.
Any application of the general bail-in tool under the BRRD (as currently implemented) shall follow the 
hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings in Iceland. A bill was submitted to the Icelandic 
Parliament on 3 March 2021 which is intended to implement Directive 2017/2399 by amending Act No. 
70/2020 on Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions (amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy), by amending Act No. 70/2020 on Recovery and 
Resolution of Credit Institutions (the "Hierarchy of Claims Bill"). Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on holders of the Notes will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, 
including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors until the bill has been passed. According 
to the Hierarchy of Claims Bill, which is expected to pass as law in May or June 2021, all depositors are
granted priority and ordinary unsecured claims are granted priority over debt instruments meeting the 
following criteria: (i) the original contractual maturity of the debt instrument is of at least one year, (ii) 
the debt instruments contain no embedded derivatives and are not derivatives themselves, and (iii) the 
relevant contractual documentation, and where applicable, the prospectus related to the issuance 
explicitly refer to the lower ranking under the same paragraph. All bills before the Icelandic Parliament 
are subject to change until they have been formally passed, thus the Hierarchy of Claims Bill is subject 
to change until it is formally passed by the Icelandic Parliament. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of holders of the Notes pursuant to the exercise of the general bail-
in tool is less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings, a holder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation 
of the firm (which is referred to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such 
compensation is unlikely to compensate that holder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is 
likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) 
are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the 
Notes. 
Under the BRRD, resolution authorities must set a MREL10 for each bank (and/or group) based on 
criteria including systemic importance. Eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated provided they 
have a remaining maturity of at least one year and must be able to be written-down or converted into 
equity upon application of the general bail-in tool.
Holders of Notes may be subject to the application of the general bail-in tool which may result in such 
holders losing some or all of their investment (in the case of Subordinated Notes, see "Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool or at the point of 
                                                       
10 Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL)

--- Page 37 ---
34
non-viability of the Bank"). Such application of the general bail-in tool could also involve modifications 
to or the disapplication of provisions in the conditions of the Notes, including alteration of the principal 
amount or any interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or any other dates on which payments 
may be due, as well as the suspension of payments for a certain period. The exercise or perceived 
increase in likelihood of exercise of any power under the BRRD could therefore materially adversely 
affect the rights of holders of Notes issued or to be issued by the Bank (the "Noteholders"), the price or 
value of their investment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under any 
Notes. 
In addition, following the publication on 7 June 2019 in the Official Journal of the EU of (i) the Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD 
(the "BRRD II") as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC and (ii) the Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 amending the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms, a comprehensive legislative package has been produced which intends to reduce risks 
in the banking sector and the financial system, reinforce banks' ability to withstand potential shocks and 
strengthen the banking union from 28 December 2020. It is currently unclear how and when BRRD II 
will be implemented in Iceland and when this will affect the Bank.
Regulatory changes or enforcement initiatives could increase compliance costs and adversely 
affect the Bank´s business, if the Bank becomes subject to increasingly complex requirements
Regulatory changes such as the adoption in Iceland of Directive (2014/65/EC) on Markets in Financial 
Instruments ("MiFID II"), which updates the existing MiFID directive, and Regulation (600/2004) on 
Markets in Financial Instruments ("MiFIR") could affect the way in which the Group conducts its 
business. See further in "Description of the Bank - Organisational Structure". 
The adoption in Iceland of MiFID II and MiFIR will replace, extend and improve the functioning of the 
existing European rules on markets in financial instruments and strengthen investor protection, by 
introducing additional organisational and conduct requirements and increase in transparency. The 
adoption of MiFID II and MiFIR will give more comprehensive powers to regulators and introduce the 
possibility of imposing higher fines on financial institutions subject to MiFID II in the event of 
infringement by such financial institutions of the requirements of such regulations. As MiFID II and 
MiFIR will significantly extend not only the scope but also the detail of existing regulations, the Group 
will have to review existing activities and make adjustments where necessary to make sure it remains 
compliant with MiFID II and MiFIR. The Group will have to provide more information to their 
customers, such as the cost and charges involved in providing investment services and, as a result, could 
face significantly higher compliance costs and become subject to increasingly complex requirements 
and additional legal risk, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and ability to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. A bill implementing MiFID II and MiFIR into Icelandic law was submitted to the Icelandic 
Parliament in March 2021. No assurance can be given as to when the bill will pass as law.
Changes in tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Bank's business 
The Bank's results of operations could be harmed by changes in tax laws and tax treaties or the 
interpretation thereof, (such as in relation to the OECD's "Base Erosion and Profit Shifting" Project), 
changes in corporate tax rates and the refusal of tax authorities to issue or extend advanced tax rulings. 
In addition to the basic corporate income tax rate of 20 per cent. in Iceland, the Icelandic Parliament 
passed the Act on Special Tax on Financial Institutions, No. 155/2010, in December 2011 (the "Special 
Tax on Financial Undertakings"), under which certain types of financial institution, including the 
Bank, are required to pay an annual levy of the carrying amount of their liabilities as determined for tax 
purposes. In 2013 the levy was increased and set at 0.376 per cent. of the total debt of the Bank excluding 
tax liabilities in excess of ISK 50 billion at the end of the year. Non-financial subsidiaries are exempt

--- Page 38 ---
35
from this tax. The Act on Special Tax on Financial Undertakings was amended in March 2020 with Act 
No. 25/2020 in relation to measures from the Icelandic Government and the Central Bank due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic reducing the levy to 0.145 per cent in 2020. See further "The Republic of Iceland 
– The Icelandic Economy".
According to the Income Tax Act No. 90/2003, as amended (the "ITA") payments of Icelandic sourced 
interest by an Icelandic debtor, such as the Bank, to a foreign creditor, including holders of bonds, who 
are not Icelandic are taxable in Iceland and can be subject to withholding tax at the rate of 12.0 per cent. 
This withholding is applicable unless the foreign creditor can demonstrate and obtain approval from the 
Icelandic Internal Revenue that an exemption applies, such as the existence of a relevant double taxation 
treaty, and in such case the provisions of the double tax treaty will apply. The exemption, subject to 
certain other requirements, applies to bonds that are held through a clearing system, such as the NCSD, 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg, within a member state of the OECD, the EEA, a founding 
member state of EFTA or the Faroe Islands. Bonds issued by the Bank are subject to the aforementioned 
exemption.
According to the Act on Tax on Financial Activities, No. 165/2011, certain types of financial institutions, 
including the Bank, are required to pay a special additional tax levied on all remuneration paid to 
employees. The levy is currently set at 5.5 per cent. of such remuneration. Additionally, according to 
Article 71 of the ITA, a special additional income tax on legal entities liable for taxation according to 
Article 2 of Act No. 165/2011, which includes the Bank is set at 6.0 per cent. on income over ISK 1 
billion, disregarding joint taxation and transferable losses. The aforementioned taxes and levies placed 
on the Bank increases the cost burden on the Bank and subjects it to a competitive disadvantage relative 
to other competitors, which are not subject to such taxes or levies. See further in "Description of the 
Bank- Competition". 
The Bank may be subject to additional taxes or levies in the future, so there can be no assurance that 
additional taxes and levies could increase the Bank's cost of funding and operating costs generally, 
reduce the ability of the Bank to compete effectively with other lenders and/or decrease the Bank's 
lending volumes and margins any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
prospects, financial position and/or results of operations, and its ability to make payments in respect of 
the Notes. Any such increase could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Bank 
and its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
Iceland's national implementation of EEA rules may be inadequate in certain circumstances
Iceland is a member state of the EEA and is therefore obligated to implement certain EU instruments 
with EEA relevance, including legislation relating to financial markets. Where implementation of such 
instruments into Icelandic law is inadequate, (for example, where Iceland has failed to adapt national 
law to conform to EEA rules) citizens may be unable to rely on these instruments and the Icelandic 
courts may be barred from applying them, unless Icelandic legislation may be interpreted in accordance 
with the EEA rules. As a result, the Noteholders in some circumstances may experience different legal 
protections than they would expect as holders of securities issued by banks in EU member states where 
EU instruments are directly applicable or have been adequately implemented into national legislation. 
Complying with regulation that is in continual change can be resource intensive and exposes the Bank 
to a risk of non-compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, 
prospects, financial position and/or results of operations and its ability to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.
Judgments entered against Icelandic entities in the courts of a state which is not a party to the 
Lugano Convention (including, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK) may not be 
recognised or enforceable in Iceland 
A judgment entered against a company incorporated in Iceland in the courts of a state which is not a 
party to the Convention on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and 
Commercial Matters made in Lugano on 30 October 2007 (the "Lugano Convention") as a Contracting

--- Page 39 ---
36
State (as defined in the Lugano Convention), would not be recognised or enforceable in Iceland as a 
matter of law without a retrial on its merits (but will be of persuasive authority as a matter of evidence 
before the courts of law of Iceland). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK and Iceland are not 
bound by any agreement, treaty or other instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments 
applicable in relation to the Notes. The UK has applied to re-accede to the Lugano Convention as an 
independent contracting state, but the other contracting states have, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
not approved the application. As a result, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters relating to the 
Notes obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor 
enforceable in Iceland. However, if a Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Iceland, 
the final judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Icelandic court, but will only 
be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Icelandic court has full 
discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment's merits could therefore significantly 
delay or prevent the enforcement by Noteholders of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes.
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
the Notes 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A range of notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes:
If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return
An optional redemption feature of Notes including in the case of a Tax Event or (in respect of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Bank may elect to redeem Notes or when the Bank is perceived by the market to have a redemption 
right available to it, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Bank may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time.
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which 
are possible reference rates for the Notes
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the 
new euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. Dollar and
euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In 
addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates 
based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which 
seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated 
term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 
2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR 
Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began 
publishing the SONIA Compounded Index.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-

--- Page 40 ---
37
free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing 
SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR that differ materially 
in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded 
Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. 
The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate 
issued under this Programme from time to time.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates.
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based 
on risk-free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of bonds referencing risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different 
methodologies have been used in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can 
be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for 
determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes 
could change during the life of such Notes.
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities 
referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, 
may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed 
debt securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in 
securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than 
those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able 
to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance 
data. Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual 
historical performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely 
on hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates.
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR.
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted 
average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank 
offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include 
a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may 
behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. For 
example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.

--- Page 41 ---
38
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that 
reason, future performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical 
performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to 
historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation 
to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future.
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which 
will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking 
SONIA, SOFR, or €STR become due and payable under Condition 8 (Enforcement Events and 
Remedies) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period 
ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for 
redemption.
Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, or €STR respectively
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their 
successors) as administrators of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and SOFR 
Compounded Index), or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could 
change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which 
such rates and/or indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
such rates and/or indices, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, or €STR. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index, or €STR, in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the 
Notes will apply in accordance with the Conditions (see "Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes 
referencing or linked to benchmarks"). An administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of 
Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.
Where there are provisions which provide that the interest rate on any Notes may convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where such conversion can occur, this will affect 
the secondary market and the market value of the Notes. Where conversion is made from a fixed rate to 
a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating 
rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where conversion from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate occurs in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities.

--- Page 42 ---
39
The rate of interest of Reset Notes will be reset, which may affect the secondary market for and 
the market value of such Reset Notes
In the case of any Series of Reset Notes, the rate of interest on such Reset Notes will be reset by reference 
to the Reset Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, on the reset dates specified in the relevant Final Terms. This is more particularly described in 
Condition 3.3. The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the 
secondary market for and the market value of such Reset Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of 
interest applicable to the Notes, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
on the relevant Reset Notes may be lower than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest.
There can be no assurance that use of proceeds of Notes issued as Sustainable Finance 
Instrument will be suitable for an investor´s investment criteria. Any failure to use the net 
proceeds of any Sustainable Finance Instrument properly, may affect the value and/or trading 
price and/or may have consequences for certain investors, with portfolio mandates to invest in 
assets with particular purpose.
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that the Notes are intended to be 
Sustainable Notes (which may include, inter alia, sustainable, green, social and/or blue Notes 
("Sustainable Finance Instrument")). The Bank intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from Sustainable Finance Instruments to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Activities and 
Assets (including loans, investments, expenditures and the Bank's own eligible operations) that meet the 
eligibility criteria, which may include environmental, green, social and/or blue projects ("Eligible 
Activities and Assets"), in line with any Sustainable Finance Framework that the Bank may publish 
from time to time. See further section "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given to investors that the use of proceeds from any Sustainable Finance Instrument 
may satisfy any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable standards, law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Activities 
and Assets as further described in Sustainable Finance Framework.
In addition, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "environmental" "social" or 
"sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "green", "environmental" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent 
label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Activities and Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
"green", "environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
(including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called "EU Taxonomy", 
once implemented) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Activities and Assets. 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party, (whether or not solicited by the Bank) 
which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Sustainable Notes and in particular 
with any Eligible Activities and Assets to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other 
criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, and shall not be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, and 
should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Bank or any other person to buy, sell or hold any

--- Page 43 ---
40
such Sustainable Finance Instrument. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued and currently providers of such opinions or certifications are not subject to 
any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in Sustainable 
Finance Instrument. 
Furthermore, there is no guarantee that listing or admission any Sustainable Finance Instrument listed 
or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock- exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any 
Eligible Activities and Assets. In addition, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. No assurance 
can be given that aforementioned listing or admission to trading in respect of any Sustainable Finance 
Instrument will be obtained or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of the Sustainable Finance Instrument.
It is the intention of the Bank to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable Finance 
Instrument in, or substantially in, the manner described in the Sustainable Finance Framework, however 
there can be no assurance that projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such amounts will be totally 
or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Bank. Any such event or failure will not constitute an Event of Default under the 
Sustainable Finance Instrument and will not give rise to any claim of the Noteholder against the Bank. 
Payment of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the Sustainable Finance Instrument shall not 
depend on the performance of the relevant project and no Dealer will assess, verify, or monitor the 
proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme. Notes issued as Sustainable Notes will 
also be subject to bail-in and resolution measures provided by the BRRD in the same way as any other 
Notes issued under the Programme. As to such measures see the risk factor entitled "The implementation 
of the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to the relevant entity 
considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented in Iceland 
could materially affect the value of any Notes".
Any of the aforementioned factors, event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification, 
and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of investors, with respect 
to such Sustainable Finance Instrument may affect the value and/or trading price of the Sustainable 
Finance Instruments, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with particular portfolio 
mandates to invest in green, social, blue or sustainable assets, which may cause one or more of such 
investors to dispose of the Sustainable Finance Instrument held by them which may affect the value, 
trading price and/or liquidity of the relevant Sustainable Finance Instrument and/or may result in adverse 
consequences for certain Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities with a particular 
purpose.
Prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in 
any such Sustainable Finance Instrument and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Sustainable Finance Instrument together with any 
other investigation such investor deems necessary.

--- Page 44 ---
41
The Bank's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated. An investor in 
Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Bank's insolvency
The Bank's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated.
On a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Bank by way of 
exercise of public authority (referred to herein as a "winding-up of the Bank"), all claims in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, at least pari 
passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities (as defined in Condition 2.2), in priority 
to any present or future claims in respect of Junior Securities (as defined in Condition 2.2) and junior to 
any present or future claims in respect of Senior Creditors (as defined in Condition 2.2). If, on a winding-
up of the Bank, the assets of the Bank are insufficient to enable the Bank to repay the claims of the 
Senior Creditors in full, the Noteholders will lose their entire investment in the Subordinated Notes. If 
there are sufficient assets to enable the Bank to pay the claims of Senior Creditors in full but insufficient 
assets to enable it to pay claims in respect of its obligations in respect of the Subordinated Notes and all 
other claims of Parity Securities, Noteholders will lose some (which may be substantially all) of their 
investment in the Subordinated Notes.
There is no restriction on the amount of securities or other liabilities that the Bank may issue, incur or 
guarantee and which rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount 
(if any) recoverable by Noteholders during a winding-up of the Bank and may limit the Bank's ability to 
meet its obligations under the Subordinated Notes.
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a significant risk that an investor in such Notes will lose all or some of his or her 
investment should a winding-up of the Bank occur.
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in 
tool or at the point of non-viability of the Bank
In addition to the application of the general bail-in tool to Subordinated Notes (see "The implementation 
of the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to the relevant entity 
considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented in Iceland 
could materially affect the value of any Notes"), the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated Notes may 
be subject to non-viability loss absorption. As a result, resolution authorities may require the permanent 
write-down of capital instruments such as Subordinated Notes (which write-down may be in full) or the 
conversion of them into equity capital at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action 
is taken. 
While any such write-down or conversion pursuant to non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD 
shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (subject to the 
implementation of the Hierarchy of Claims Bill – in relation to which, see further "The implementation 
of the BRRD in Iceland provides for a range of actions to be taken in relation to the relevant entity 
considered to be at risk of failing. The taking of any action under the BRRD as implemented in Iceland 
could materially affect the value of any Notes"), even if grounds for compensation could be established, 
compensation may not be available under the BRRD to any holders of capital instruments subject to any 
write-down or conversion and even if available would only take the form of shares in the Bank.
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution (or 
the group, as the case may be) meets the conditions for resolution or will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written-down or converted into equity 
or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority 
determines that the institution (or the group, as the case may be) would no longer be viable.

--- Page 45 ---
42
The application of the general bail-in tool or any non-viability loss absorption measure pursuant to any 
applicable statutory loss absorption regime (including the BRRD) may result in Noteholders losing some 
or all of their investment. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could, 
therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of Subordinated Notes 
issued under the Programme and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under Subordinated 
Notes.
There are limited enforcement events in relation to Subordinated Notes
Each Series of Subordinated Notes will contain limited enforcement events relating to:
(i)
non-payment by the Bank of any amounts due under the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes. 
In such circumstances, as described in more detail in Condition 8.2, a Noteholder may institute 
proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Bank to such Noteholder;
and
(ii)
the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank. In such circumstances, as described in more detail in 
Condition 8.2, the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes will become due and payable at their 
outstanding principal amount, together with accrued interestthereon.
A Noteholder may not itself file for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank. As such, the remedies 
available to holders of Subordinated Notes are more limited than those typically available to holders of 
senior ranking securities (such as the Unsubordinated Notes), which may make it more difficult for 
Subordinated Noteholders to take enforcement action against theBank.
Subordinated Notes: Call options are subject to the prior consent of the FSA
Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing the Bank to call them, in certain instances, 
only after a minimum period of five years. To exercise such a call option, the Bank must obtain prior 
written consent of the FSA as provided in Condition 5.11.
Holders of Subordinated Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of Subordinated Notes and 
should not invest in such Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by the Bank. The 
FSA must agree to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of the 
Bank and certain other facts at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the FSA will permit 
such a call. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the 
financial risks of an investment in Subordinated Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum 
period. See also "If the Bank has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return" above.
In certain circumstances, the Bank can substitute or vary the terms of Subordinated Notes
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that Condition 5.10 applies, if at any time a Capital Event or 
a Tax Event occurs, the Bank may, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the FSA, either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the relevant Subordinated Notes for, or vary the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities (as defined in Condition 5.10) as further provided in Condition 5.10. The terms and conditions 
of such substituted or varied Subordinated Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or 
more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original 
Subordinated Notes, provided that the relevant Subordinated Notes remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Securities in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. While the Bank cannot 
make changes to the terms of Subordinated Notes that, in its reasonable opinion, are materially less 
favourable to the holders of the relevant Subordinated Notes as a class, no assurance can be given as to 
whether any of these changes will negatively affect any Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding or disposing of such substituted or varied Subordinated Notes could be different

--- Page 46 ---
43
for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding or 
disposing of the Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution or variation.
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction 
of taxes is limited to payments of interest under the Subordinated Notes
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction of 
taxes imposed under the laws of Iceland under the Conditions apply only to payments of interest and not 
to payments of principal due under the Subordinated Notes. As such, the Issuer is not required to pay 
any additional amounts under Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applies to payments of principal under the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, 
if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under the Subordinated 
Notes, the holders of such Subordinated Notes may receive less than the full amount due thereunder. 
There is some risk under Icelandic law that withholding or deduction in respect of principal could apply 
on account of any currency gains deemed to have arisen when such principal is measured in ISK.
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law and/or Icelandic 
law (as the case may be) or administrative practice
The terms of the Notes are based on English law and/or Icelandic law (as the case may be) in effect as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law and/or Icelandic law (as the case may be) or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value 
of any Notes affected by it.
The terms of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors
The terms of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted 
in a manner contrary to the majority.
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be 
issued
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in 
respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes, such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid 
and difficult to trade.

--- Page 47 ---
44
Tax exemptions from withholding may not be available if definitive Notes are required to be 
issued
The Icelandic statutory exemption from withholding only applies to Notes held through a securities 
depository in an OECD state, an EU state, an EFTA state or the Faroe Islands. If Notes in definitive form 
are issued, holders should be aware that the tax exemption may not be available. However, the Bank will 
be required to pay the necessary additional amounts under Condition 6 in such circumstances to cover 
any resulting amounts deducted.
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may 
be delivered to a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled 
to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective 
direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held 
through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants.
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Bank will discharge its payment obligation under 
the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to 
receive payments under the Notes. The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note.
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes 
so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.
The Notes are unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision
The Notes will be unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision. If the Bank 
defaults on the Notes, or in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganisation, then, to the extent 
that the Bank has granted security over its assets, the assets that secure those obligations will be used to 
satisfy the obligations thereunder before the Bank could sell or otherwise dispose of those assets in order 
to make any payment on the Notes. As a result of the granting of such security, there may only be limited 
assets available to make payments on the Notes in such circumstances. In addition, there is no restriction 
on the issue by the Bank of other similar securities that do have the benefit of security, which may impact 
on the market price of its securities, such as the Notes, that are unsecured.
Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes referencing or linked to benchmarks
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the London Interbank Offered 
Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), which are used to determine the 
amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments 
("Benchmarks"), have, in recent years, been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how 
they are created and operated. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to existing 
Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause a Benchmark to 
perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any change in the performance of 
a Benchmark or its discontinuation, could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing or 
linked to such Benchmark. In respect of the risks related to alternative benchmarks such as SOFR, 
SONIA and €STR, please see "The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including 
overnight rates) which are possible reference rates for the Notes", "Risk-free rates differ from interbank 
offered rates in a number of material respects" and "Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, 
or €STR respectively" above.

--- Page 48 ---
45
In 2012, a review, undertaken at the request of the UK government, on the setting and usage of LIBOR, 
resulted in an initiative to devise new methodologies for determining representative inter-bank lending 
rates and, ultimately, so-called 'risk free' rates that may be used as an alternative to LIBOR in certain 
situations. 
Following this review, the International Organisation of Securities Commissions ("IOSCO") created a 
task force to draft principles to enhance the integrity, reliability and oversight of Benchmarks generally. 
This resulted in publication by the Board of IOSCO, in July 2013, of nineteen principles which are to 
apply to Benchmarks used in financial markets (the "IOSCO Principles"). The IOSCO Principles 
provide an overarching framework for Benchmarks used in financial markets and are intended to 
promote the reliability of Benchmark determinations and address Benchmark governance, quality and 
accountability mechanisms. The FSB subsequently undertook a review of major interest rate 
Benchmarks and published a report in 2014, outlining its recommendations for change, to be 
implemented in accordance with the IOSCO Principles. In addition, in June 2016, the Benchmarks 
Regulation came into force. The Benchmarks Regulation implements a number of the IOSCO Principles 
and the majority of its provisions applied from 1 January 2018. 
In a speech on 27 July 2017, Andrew Bailey, the then Chief Executive of the FCA, questioned the 
sustainability of LIBOR in its current form, and advocated a transition away from reliance on LIBOR to 
alternative reference rates. He noted that currently there is wide support among the LIBOR panel banks 
for voluntarily sustaining LIBOR until the end of 2021, facilitating this transition. At the end of this 
period, it is the FCA's intention that it will not be necessary to sustain LIBOR through its influence or 
legal powers by persuading or obliging banks to submit to LIBOR. Therefore, the continuation of LIBOR 
in its current form (or at all) after 2021 cannot be guaranteed. 
On 5 March 2021, the FCA announced that:
(i)
the publication of 24 LIBOR settings (as detailed in the FCA announcement) will cease 
immediately after 31 December 2021;
(ii)
the publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately 
after 30 June 2023;
(iii)
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they 
are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on 
requiring the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (the "IBA") to continue to publish these 
settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after end 2021);
(iv)
immediately after 31 December 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they 
are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consult on 
requiring the IBA to continue to publish these settings on a synthetic basis, which will no longer 
be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure, 
for a further period until end 2022 after which time publication of these settings will cease 
permanently); and 
(v)
immediately after 30 June 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. dollar LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that they are 
intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored (and the FCA will consider the 
case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a 
synthetic basis, which will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic 
reality they are intended to measure, for a further period after end June 2023).

--- Page 49 ---
46
Any changes to the administration of LIBOR or the emergence of alternatives to LIBOR as a result of 
these reforms such as SOFR. SONIA and/or €STR, may cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the 
past or to be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential 
discontinuation of LIBOR or changes to its administration could require changes to the way in which 
the rate is calculated in respect of any Notes referencing or linked to LIBOR. The development of 
alternatives to LIBOR may result in Notes linked to or referencing LIBOR performing differently than 
would otherwise have been the case if such alternatives to LIBOR had not developed. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes referencing 
or linked to LIBOR.
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to such Benchmark may adversely affect such Benchmark 
during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities based on the same Benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as LIBOR, EURIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates (including, without limitation, mid-swap rates, SOFR, SONIA and/or €STR), (including 
any page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable 
or a Benchmark Event otherwise occurs, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by 
reference to a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required), all as determined by the Bank (acting in good faith and in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser). In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the 
purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was applied in respect of a previous Interest Period or, in 
the case of Reset Notes, the application of the relevant Rate of Interest for a preceding Reset Period. The 
Issuer will not, however, be required to replace any benchmark or make consequential amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of any Notes in circumstances where it considers that doing so could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of any of its Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital.
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference 
rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, liquidity of, value 
of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to 
the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Bank to meet its 
obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors 
should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes.
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a description of material risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk:
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate,

--- Page 50 ---
47
currency or other market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's preferred currency (which 
may itself be different to the currency of the country they are resident in), the investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not 
receiving payments on those Notes
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes involves the risk that, if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes, this will adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes or Reset Notes.
In addition, a holder of Reset Notes is also exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income.
Credit ratings assigned to the Bank or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in 
such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant 
rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 51 ---
48
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of credit ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings are either (a) endorsed by a 
UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, and 
to (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes 
in the UK of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
49
FORM OF THE NOTES
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a Temporary 
Global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Permanent Global Note which, in either 
case, will:
(i)
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and
(ii)
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate/Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified as to whether or not such 
Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any 
indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant 
Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and 
any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not United States persons (as defined for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on 
the certifications it has received) to the Fiscal Agent.
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (b) definitive 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in 
a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (a) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or (b) at any time at the request 
of the Bank. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 8) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Bank has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than

--- Page 53 ---
50
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Bank has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Bank will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Bank 
may also give notice to the Fiscal Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Fiscal Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Notes which have an original maturity of more than one year 
and on all interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes:
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE."
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled 
to deduct any loss on Notes, interest coupons and/or talons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect 
of such Notes, interest coupons and/or talons.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Fiscal 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common 
code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches 
are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 8. In 
such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any 
part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day. At the same time, 
holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against the Bank on the basis 
of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the 
terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 6 April 2018 and executed by the Bank.
The Bank may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base 
Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes.
While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then:

--- Page 54 ---
51
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Bank given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an "Electronic Consent" as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a higher quorum is required), take 
effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons whether or not they participated 
in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Bank shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Bank by accountholders 
in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or, where the accountholders hold 
any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction 
by the person for whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary 
holds directly with the accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each 
case, the Bank has obtained commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such 
holding and has taken reasonable steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the 
giving of such consent or instruction and prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution 
passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. As used in this paragraph, "commercially 
reasonable evidence" includes any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an accountholder 
of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. 
Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg's CreationOnline system) in accordance with 
its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount 
of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The Bank shall not be 
liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate 
or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently 
found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 55 ---
52
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme.
[Date]
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom 
(the "UK") domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the

--- Page 56 ---
53
FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as 
amended the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on 
Investment Products.]11
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as this 
term is defined in the Benchmarks Regulation)] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation").
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as this term is defined in the Benchmarks 
Regulation)] [does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that [legal name of the 
benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the EU, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]
LANDSBANKINN HF.
LEI: 549300TLZPT6JELDWM92
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €2,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"). [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.]12
                                                       
11 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 
309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer. For example, where Reset Notes are issued. 
12 Delete where the Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 57 ---
54
Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at [●].
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") which are the [2020/2019/2018/2017/2016/2015] Terms and Conditions which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]]. [This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus dated 27 April 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), 
including the [2020/2019/2018/2017/2016/2015] Terms and Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus]13. Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for 
viewing at [●].
1
(a)
Series Number:
[  ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[  ]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series with 
[provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 18 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
2
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[  ]
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[  ]
(b)
Tranche:
[  ]
4
Issue Price:
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
5
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[  ]
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording should 
be followed:
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000]."))
(b)
Calculation Amount:
[  ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)
6
(a)
Issue Date:
[  ]
                                                       
13 Delete where the Notes are not admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 58 ---
55
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.)
7
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]]
8
Interest Basis:
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[[ ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/
€STR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR/CIBOR]] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Reset Notes]
[Zero coupon]
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16] below)
9
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [ ] per cent. 
of their nominal amount
(N.B. The Notes will only be redeemed at an amount other than 
100 per cent. of their nominal amount in the case of certain 
Zero Coupon Notes)
10
Change of Interest Basis:
[For the period 
from 
(and including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] paragraph 
[13/14] applies and for the period from (and including) [date], 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13/14] 
applies][Not Applicable]
11
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Clean-up Redemption Option]14
[Not Applicable]
[(see paragraph 17/19 below)]
12
(a)
Status of the Notes:
[Unsubordinated/Subordinated]
(If Subordinated Notes include:)
(i) Redemption upon 
occurrence of Capital Event:
[Applicable – Condition 5.3 applies/Not Applicable]
(ii) Substitution or variation:
[Applicable – Condition 5.10 applies/Not Applicable]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
[  ] per Calculation Amount
                                                       
14 The Clean-up Redemption Option shall not apply in respect of Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
56
(d)
Broken Amount(s):
[[  ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [  ]][Not Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[  ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon)
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a)
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[  ] [ , subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]
(b)
Effective Interest Payment 
Date:
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that the Effective Interest Payment 
Date with respect to the last Interest Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes 
before the Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption 
(include for Payment Delay only)]15/[Not Applicable]
(c)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] [For Payment Delay, always specify a Business 
Day Convention]
(d)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[  ]
(e)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(f)
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Fiscal Agent):
[  ]
(g)
Screen Rate Determination:

Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Insert only if Index Determination is not applicable 

Reference Rate:
[currency][ ] month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/NIBOR/ 
STIBOR/REIBOR/CIBOR].

Reference Bank(s):
[  ]

Interest Determination 
Date(s):
[●]/[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the first day of 
each Interest Period]/ [First day of each Interest Period]/[The 
[first, second, third etc.] Business Day immediately preceding 
                                                       
15 Effective Interest Payment Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Interest Payment Dates, unless otherwise agreed with 
the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 60 ---
57
the Interest Payment Date for each Interest Period (or 
immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes are due and payable).][provide details]/[The Interest 
Payment Date at the end of each Interest Period; provided that 
the Interest Determination Date with respect to the last Interest 
Period prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include this 
wording for Payment Delay only]]16
(Second London business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro LIBOR), first day 
of each Interest Period if Sterling LIBOR and the second day 
on which the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR. Second 
Oslo, Stockholm, Reykjavík or Copenhagen (as the case may 
be) business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
NIBOR, STIBOR, REIBOR or CIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[  ]/ [Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York Federal 
Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately)

Relevant time:
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[Not Applicable]17

Relevant Financial Centre:
[   ]

Calculation Method:
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable]

Observation Method:
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable]

Observation Look-back 
Period:
[●]/[Not Applicable]18

D:
[365/360/[Not Applicable]]

Rate Cut-off Date:
[The date falling [●] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable - used for 
Payment Delay only]19/[Not Applicable]
Insert only if Index Determination is applicable 

SONIA Compounded 
Index:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

SOFR Compounded 
Index:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Interest Determination 
Date:
[●]/[The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other date on 
                                                       
16
To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Interest Payment Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, 
without the prior agreement of the Fiscal Agent.
17
Select "Not Applicable" for SONIA, SOFR or €STR.
18
The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest
Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the
Observation Method; otherwise, select "Not Applicable".
19
The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless
otherwise agreed with the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 61 ---
58
which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by 
its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from the relevant Interest Period)]

Relevant Decimal Place:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]20

Relevant Number:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]

Numerator:
[●]/[As per the Conditions]
(h)
ISDA Determination:

Floating Rate Option:
[  ]

Designated Maturity:
[  ]

Reset Date:
[  ]
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period)
(i)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)]
(j)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(m) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
(See Condition 3 for alternatives)
15
Reset Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[  ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date
(b)
Initial Mid-Swap Rate:
[ ] per cent./[Not Applicable] 
(c)
First Reset Margin:
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum
(d)
Subsequent Reset Margin:
[[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(e)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date
(f)
Fixed Coupon Amount up to
(but excluding) the First Reset
Date:
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form)
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
                                                       
20
This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where
Compounded Daily SOFR is applicable

--- Page 62 ---
59
(g)
Broken Amount(s) up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:
(Applicable 
to 
Notes
in 
definitive form)
[  ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling on [ ]]/[Not Applicable]
(h)
Reset Reference Rate:
(i)
First Reset Date:
[Mid-Swaps/Reference Bond]
[  ]
(j)
Second Reset Date:
[  ]/[Not Applicable]
(k)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[[  ] [and [ ]]/[Not Applicable]
(l)
Relevant Screen Page:
[  ]
(m) Mid-Swap Rate:
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]
(n)
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(o)
Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis:
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly]
(p)
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate:
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/NIBOR/STIBOR/
REIBOR/CIBOR]
(q)
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg
Maturity: 
(r)
Reference Bond Reset Rate 
Time:
(s)
Reference Bond Price in respect 
of the first Reset Determination 
Date:
[  ]
[  ]
[  ]
(t)
Reset Determination Date(s):
[  ] 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date)
(u)
Relevant Time:
[  ]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]
(w) Determination Date(s):
[[  ] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.)
(x)
Relevant Financial Centre
[Not Applicable/Applicable (list relevant financial centres)]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the determination of a 
Reset Reference Rate that is not LIBOR or EURIBOR by the 
Reset Reference Banks)
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[  ] per cent. per annum
(N.B. Refer to condition 5.5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Base Prospectus)
(b)
Reference Price:
[  ]

--- Page 63 ---
60
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[  ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[  ] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
(i)
Minimum Redemption 
Amount:
[  ]
(ii) Maximum Redemption 
Amount:
[  ]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [  ] days
Maximum period: [  ] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Bank is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system business days' notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Bank and the Fiscal Agent)
18
Final Redemption Amount:
[  ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. Except in the case of Zero Coupon Notes where a 
Redemption/Payment Basis other than 100 per cent. of the 
nominal amount has been specified, the Final Redemption 
Amount shall be equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation 
Amount per Calculation Amount)
19
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons, 
upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or on an event of default:
[   ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. of the 
nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption Amount is 
likely to be par (but consider). If, however, the Final 
Redemption Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be)
20
Clean-up Redemption Option 
[Applicable][Not applicable]21
                                                       
21 The Clean-up Redemption Option shall not apply in respect of Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
61
(a)
Clean-up Percentage: 
(b)
Notice Period: 
(c)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation 
of such amount(s):
(d)
Optional Clean-up Redemption 
Date(s):
[80 per cent. / [●] per cent.]
[As per Conditions / [●]]
[●] per Calculation Amount 
[●]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21
Form of Notes:
(a)
Form:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes only 
upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
[only upon an Exchange Event/at any time at the request of 
the Bank]]
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options should 
not be expressed to be applicable
if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially to the following effect: "[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]." Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Notes 
which is to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.)
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
22
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/Applicable (list relevant financial centres)]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of payment and 
not Interest Period end dates to which sub-paragraph 14(c) 
relates)
23
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 coupon payments are still to be made/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third-party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Bank confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 65 ---
62
Signed on behalf of LANDSBANKINN HF.:
By:
By:
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 66 ---
63
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and Admission to 
trading
[Application has been made by the Bank (or on its behalf) to 
Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the
Official List and trading on the Regulated Market with effect 
from [ ] / [Not Applicable]].
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading:
[  ]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally]:
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined terms].
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider.]
[Each of [insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation").]
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but the rating it has 
given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EU and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation").]
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU but is certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation").
[Insert legal name of relevant credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EU and is not certified 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the "CRA 
Regulation").
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Bank is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Bank and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 67 ---
64
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes and Reset Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[  ] per cent. per annum. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price [and based on the period up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date]. It is not an indication 
of future yield.
5
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/NIBOR/STIBOR/REIBOR/CIBOR] rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters].
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[  ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[  ]
(iii) Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(iv) Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(v)
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[  ]
(vi) [Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:]
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]]

--- Page 68 ---
65
7
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]]
8
REASON FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Reason for the offer:
[General corporate purposes]
[Sustainable Finance Instrument: The Bank intends to 
apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from this 
offer of Notes specifically for Eligible Activities and 
Assets (include any further detail if desired, including 
whether the issuance is to fund environmental, green, 
social and/or blue projects), as further described in the 
Bank's applicable Sustainable Finance Framework. See 
"Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus and the Bank's 
Sustainable Finance Framework, available at the Bank's 
website.]
[specify other]
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]

--- Page 69 ---
66
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Landsbankinn hf. (the "Bank" or the 
"Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below).
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note; and
(c)
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement dated 27 
August 2014 as amended by an amended and restated agency agreement dated 6 April 2017 (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and restated on 30 May 2018 and as further amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between the Bank 
and Citibank, N.A. London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions"). 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council.
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not 
have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the 
Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. 
Any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons.
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
The Noteholders and the Couponholders have the benefit of a Deed of Covenant (such Deed of Covenant 
as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 6 
April 2018 and made by the Bank. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below).

--- Page 70 ---
67
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents.
Copies of the applicable Final Terms can be obtained during normal business hours, free of charge, at 
the registered office of the Bank and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, save that, if 
this Note is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms can only be obtained by a Noteholder holding one 
or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Bank or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended.
1
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
"Specified Currency") and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, or a Reset Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Bank and the Paying 
Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which 
regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Bank and the Paying Agents as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Bank and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 71 ---
68
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.
2
STATUS OF THE NOTES
2.1
Status of the Unsubordinated Notes
This Condition 2.1 applies only to Unsubordinated Notes and references to "Notes" in this 
Condition shall be construed accordingly.
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Bank and rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Bank, from time to time outstanding.
2.2
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 2.2 applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to "Notes" and 
"Noteholders" in this Condition shall be construed accordingly.
(a)
The Notes constitute subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Bank and rank pari 
passu among themselves. The Notes are subordinated as described in Condition 2.2(b).
(b)
In the event of the liquidation or insolvency (in Icelandic: slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank, 
the rights of the Noteholders to payments on or in respect of the Notes shall rank:
(i)
pari passu without preference among themselves;
(ii)
pari passu with present or future claims in respect of Parity Securities;
(iii)
in priority to any present or future claims in respect of Junior Securities; and
(iv)
junior to any present or future claims in respect of Senior Creditors.
(c)
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
"FSA" means the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland or such other 
agency of Iceland which assumes or performs the functions which are performed by such 
authority;
"Junior Securities" means all classes of share capital of the Bank and any present or future 
obligations of the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes;
"Parity Securities" means any present or future instruments issued by the Bank which were 
eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital at the time of issue by the FSA, any guarantee, 
indemnity or other contractual support arrangement entered into by the Bank in respect of 
securities (regardless of name or designation) issued by a Subsidiary of the Bank which were 
eligible to be recognised as Tier 2 Capital at the time of issue and any instruments issued, and 
subordinated guarantees, indemnities or other contractual support arrangements entered into by 
the Bank which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu therewith, but, in each case, excluding 
Junior Securities;
"Senior Creditors" means (a) the depositors of the Bank; (b) other unsubordinated creditors of 
the Bank; and (c) subordinated creditors of the Bank in respect of any present or future obligation 
of the Bank which by its terms is, or is expressed to be, subordinated in the event of liquidation, 
dissolution, winding-up of, or analogous proceedings over the Bank, by way of exercise of public 
authority, to the claims of depositors and all other unsubordinated creditors of the Bank, but

--- Page 72 ---
69
which rank or are expressed to rank senior to Parity Securities and Junior Securities; and
"Tier 2 Capital" means Tier 2 capital as described in Article 84(c) of the Act on Financial 
Undertakings No 161/2002, and any secondary legislation adopted on the basis of that act, as 
amended or replaced.
2.3
Set-Off
No claims in respect of any Subordinated Note held by a Noteholder may be set-off, or be the 
subject of a counterclaim, by the relevant Noteholder against or in respect of any of its obligations 
to the Bank or any other person and each Noteholder waives, and shall be treated for all purposes 
as if it had waived, any right that it might otherwise have to set-off, or to raise by way of 
counterclaim, any of its claims in respect of any Subordinated Note, against or in respect of any 
of its obligations to the Bank or any other person. If, notwithstanding the preceding sentence, any 
holder of a Subordinated Note receives or recovers any sum or the benefit of any sum in respect 
of such Subordinated Note by virtue of such set-off or counterclaim, it shall hold the same on 
trust for the Bank and shall pay the amount thereof to the Bank or, in the event of the liquidation 
or insolvency (in Icelandic: slit eða gjaldþrot) of the Bank, to the liquidator of the Bank, to be 
held on trust for the Senior Creditors.
3
INTEREST
3.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrears on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified.
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect 
of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.1:

--- Page 73 ---
70
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(i)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or
(ii)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(A)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(B)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and
(b)
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360.
(c)
In the Conditions:
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent.
3.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 74 ---
71
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In the Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 
System") is open.
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 75 ---
72
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes (other than Floating Rate Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR, REIBOR or CIBOR, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as 
at 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR and Copenhagen time, in the 
case of CIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Fiscal Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Fiscal Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered

--- Page 76 ---
73
quotations appear, in each case as at 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR, 
Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR 
or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR), the Fiscal Agent shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Fiscal Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR or Copenhagen time, in the case 
of CIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Fiscal Agent.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Fiscal Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Fiscal Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of 
the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Fiscal Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR, Brussels time, in 
the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, Stockholm time, in the 
case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR or Copenhagen time, in 
the case of CIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), 
the Swedish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Icelandic 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is REIBOR) or the Danish inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR, 
Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR, Reykjavik time, in the case of REIBOR 
or Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Fiscal Agent it is quoting to leading 
banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Norwegian inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Swedish inter-bank market (if 
the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Icelandic inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is REIBOR) or the Danish inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR) 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this

--- Page 77 ---
74
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period).
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of 
LIBOR, the principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank 
market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in the case of a 
determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four major banks in the 
Norwegian inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the 
principal Stockholm office of four major banks in the Swedish inter-bank market, 
in the case of a determination of REIBOR, the principal Reykjavik office of four 
major banks in the Icelandic inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination 
of CIBOR, the principal Copenhagen office of four major banks in the Danish inter-
bank market, in each case selected by the Fiscal Agent in consultation with the 
Issuer.
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR
a.
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Index Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not applicable and the Reference 
Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR:
(A)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded 
Daily", the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will (subject to Condition 3.5 (Interest - Benchmark 
discontinuation) and Condition 3.2(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
– Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) and 
subject as provided below) be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent on the Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
(B)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of 
Notes is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted 
Average", the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest 
Period will (subject to Condition 3.5 (Interest - Benchmark 
discontinuation) and Condition 3.2(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
– Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest) and 
subject as provided below) be the Weighted Average Reference Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all 
as determined by the Fiscal Agent on the Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
b.
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to Condition 3.5 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in 
respect of any Business Day, the Fiscal Agent determines that the SONIA rate

--- Page 78 ---
75
is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be:
(A)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA reference rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads); or
(B)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. 
(or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the 
SONIA rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors),
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly.
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 3.5
(Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) 
any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Fiscal Agent shall, in 
accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance to the 
extent practicable and to the extent such guidance does not increase 
obligations or duties of the Fiscal Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, 
for purposes of the Notes, for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors.
c.
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3.5 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in respect 
of any Business Day, the Fiscal Agent determines that the Reference Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be 
the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page ("r" shall be interpreted accordingly).
d.
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 3.5 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), if, in respect 
of any Business Day, the Fiscal Agent determines that the Reference Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be 
the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page; 
("r" shall be interpreted accordingly).
e.
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Fiscal Agent, 
subject to Condition 3.5 (Interest - Benchmark discontinuation), the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the

--- Page 79 ---
76
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period 
for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first 
Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period.
f.
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Events of Default and Enforcement Events), the last Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such 
date.
g.
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(b)(iii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
- Rate of Interest - Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR):
If "Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being 
payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on 
the Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment Date instead;
"Applicable Period" means,
(A)
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Period; and
(B)
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, Observation Period;
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where "SONIA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; (ii) where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate, any day 
which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday 
in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where "€STR"
is specified as the Reference Rate, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open;
"Calculation Method" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the 
Specified Currency (with the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms and further provided for below) as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Fiscal Agent as at the

--- Page 80 ---
77
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:
1 + 	
  

 −1



  

where:
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in 
such Applicable Period;
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days 
in such Applicable Period;
"Effective Interest Payment  Date" means any date or dates specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms;
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily euro short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the 
European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central Bank (the "ECB's 
Website") in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day;
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from 
one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day in such Applicable Period;
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following 
the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date;
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding 
the following Business Day;
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York as at the date of this Base Prospectus at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York;
"Observation Method" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms;
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
"p" means, for any Interest Period:

--- Page 81 ---
78
(A)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified five Business Days);
(B)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, zero;
(C)
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five Business Days);
"r" means:
(A)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of such Business Day;
(B)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in 
respect of such Business Day;
(C)
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in 
respect of such Business Day;
(D)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method:
(i)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA rate in respect of the Business Day immediately 
preceding such Reference Day, and
(ii)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate 
in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(E)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method:
(i)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
SOFR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding 
such Reference Day, and
(ii)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(F)
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method:

--- Page 82 ---
79
(i)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the 
€STR in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and
(ii)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day 
(being a Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date);
(G)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of 
such Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last 
Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and 
including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA rate 
in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date;
(H)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect 
of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date; and
(I)
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, 
provided however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect 
of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date;
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, 
other than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period;
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r"
above for, (i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant 
Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i";
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each 
case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the "SOFR Determination 
Time") on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day;
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided

--- Page 83 ---
80
by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors in each case on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day;
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities; and
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means:
(A)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each 
calendar day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar 
days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for 
any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day; and
(B)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect 
for each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by 
multiplying each relevant Reference Rate by the number of calendar 
days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such products and 
dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lockout Period, the relevant Reference 
Rate for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding 
the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes the Reference 
Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in 
effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day.
(iv)
Index Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
Index Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the 
compounded daily reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in 
accordance with the following formula and to the Relevant Decimal Place, all as 
determined and calculated by the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin:
   !  "
  !  #$%	$ −1& ' 	%$	

where:
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 84 ---
81
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period, or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions, is 
excluded from such Interest Period);
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the 
day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the 
relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which 
the relevant Compounded Index End is determined;
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London 
Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days;
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London;
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 
in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index;
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and 
the seventh decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case 
rounded up or down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 
being rounded upwards);
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
be five in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR 
Compounded Index;
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published 
at 15:00 (New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor source; and
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as 
published at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, 
or any successor source.
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not 
occurred in respect of SOFR, as the case may be, if, with respect to any Interest 
Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or Compounded Index End is not
published by the administrator, the Fiscal Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest 
for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 3.2(b)(iii) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes – Rate of Interest – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) as if Index Determination was not specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference 
Rate shall be deemed to be SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index and 
SOFR in the case of Compounded SOFR Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be

--- Page 85 ---
82
deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation Method shall be deemed to 
be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-back Period shall be deemed to be 
the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case 
of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation 
with the Fiscal Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the 
provisions of Condition 3.5 (Interest – Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 3.2(b)(iv) or if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of 
SOFR, the provisions of Condition 3.6 (Interest – Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 3.2(b)(iv), as 
applicable.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3.2:
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366

--- Page 86 ---
83
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365);
(b)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(c)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;
(d)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360;
(e)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(f)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2


          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 87 ---
84
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30;
(g)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Fiscal Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Fiscal Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate.
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Bank and any stock 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-
  
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x 
[30
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2



--- Page 88 ---
85
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no 
later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
London.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.2 by the Fiscal Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Bank, the Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no 
liability to the Bank, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Fiscal Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.
3.3
Interest on Reset Notes
(a)
Rate of Interest
Each Reset Note bears interest:
(i)
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date (the "Initial Period"), at the Initial Rate of Interest;
(ii)
for the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and
(iii)
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date, at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest.
Interest will be payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year specified in the applicable Final Terms up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of each Interest Period 
falling in the Initial Period will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest 
on the first Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified.
The Fiscal Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which a Rate of 
Interest in respect of a Reset Period is to be determined, determine the relevant Rate of 
Interest for such Reset Period.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Fiscal Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the "Reset Notes Interest Amount") payable on the Reset Notes for 
any period by applying the relevant Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Reset Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or

--- Page 89 ---
86
(ii)
in the case of Reset Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Reset Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Reset Notes Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding.
(b)
Fallbacks
If on any Reset Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Notes in respect of each Interest Period falling in the relevant 
Reset Period will be determined by the Fiscal Agent on the following basis:
(i)
the Fiscal Agent shall request each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide the 
Fiscal Agent, with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Reset Determination Date in question;
(ii)
if at least four of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with the Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will be equal to 
the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations 
provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest)
and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent;
(iii)
if only two or three relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period will be equal to the sum of (A) the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) 
of the relevant quotations provided and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent;
(iv)
if only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period will 
be equal to the sum of (A) the relevant quotation provided and (B) the Relevant 
Reset Margin, all as determined by the Fiscal Agent;
(v)
if none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Fiscal Agent with a Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 3.3, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) will be either:
(A)
equal to the sum of (A) the Mid-Swap Rate determined on the last preceding 
Reset Determination Date and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin or, in the case 
of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest will 
be equal to the sum of (A) the Initial Mid-Swap Rate (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and (B) the Relevant Reset Margin, all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent; or

--- Page 90 ---
87
(B)
determined by the Fiscal Agent taking into consideration all available 
information that it in good faith deems relevant,
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(c)
Mid-Swap Rate Conversion
This Condition 3.3(c) is only applicable if Mid-Swap Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If Mid-Swap Rate Conversion is so specified 
as being applicable, the First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest will be converted by the Fiscal Agent from the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis which matches the per annum 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes (such calculation to be 
determined by the Issuer in conjunction with an investment bank of international repute
selected by it).
(d)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
In respect of a Reset Period, the Fiscal Agent will cause the relevant Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Reset Period and each Reset Notes Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 12 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day (as defined in Condition 3.2(f)) thereafter. Each Reset 
Notes Interest Amount so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12.
For the purposes of the Conditions:
"Day Count Fraction" has the meaning given in Condition 3.1;
"First Reset Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"First Reset Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date;
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.3(b), 3.3(c) and 3.5, the rate of interest determined by the Fiscal Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Reset Margin or the sum, converted (if not already on the same basis) from a basis 
equivalent to the Reference Bond Yield to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with an investment bank 
of international repute selected by it), of (A) the Reference Bond Yield (assuming a price 
for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
relevant Reference Bond Price)) and (B) the First Reset Margin;
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at 
its own expense under Condition 3.5;

--- Page 91 ---
88
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Interest Period" has the meaning given in Condition 3.3(a);
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Mid-
Swap Rate Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in 
the Specified Currency as determined by the Fiscal Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest 
rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to 
the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg 
based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Fiscal 
Agent). If a Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate cannot be obtained because of the 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 3.5), such rate shall be 
calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 3.5;
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate;
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the reference rate specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms;
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Conditions 3.3(b) and 3.5, either:
(i)
if "Single Mid-Swap Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page; or
(ii)
if "Mean Mid-Swap Rate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and 
offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency:
(C)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(D)
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on such Reset Determination Date, 
all as determined by the Fiscal Agent;
"Original Mid-Swap Rate Basis" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of Notes, the Original Mid Swap Rate Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, 
quarterly or monthly;
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued 
by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment

--- Page 92 ---
89
bank of international repute or an Independent Adviser as having an actual or interpolated 
maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date, (A) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination 
Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or 
(B) if the Fiscal Agent obtains fewer than four but more than one such Reference Bond 
Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (C) if the Fiscal Agent
obtains one such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the amount of such quotation, or (D) 
if the Fiscal Agent obtains no such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the Reference 
Bond Price determined on the immediately preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the 
case of the first Reset Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"Reference Bond Reset Rate Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
"Reference Bond Yield" means the yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on 
the relevant day count basis) of the relevant Reference Bond;
"Reference Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of an investment bank of international repute), or their affiliates, which are (A) primary 
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (B) market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues;
"Reference Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Bond 
Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic average, as determined 
by the Fiscal Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the relevant Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at or around the Reference 
Bond Reset Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted in writing to the 
Fiscal Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer;
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable);
"Relevant Reset Margin" means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First 
Reset Margin or the Subsequent Reset Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Reset Period;
"Reset Determination Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be;
"Reset Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination by LIBOR, the principal 
London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market or other market most 
closely connected with the Mid-Swap Rate; in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or 
other market most closely connected with the Mid-Swap Rate; and, in the case of a 
determination of a Reset Reference Rate that is not LIBOR or EURIBOR, the principal 
office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the inter- bank market or 
other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate, in each case, as 
selected by the Fiscal Agent in consultation with the Issuer;

--- Page 93 ---
90
"Relevant Financial Centre" means (i) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, 
(ii) Stockholm in the case of a determination of STIBOR, (iii) Reykjavík, in the case of a 
determination of REIBOR or (iv) Copenhagen in the case of a determination in CIBOR, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
"Reset Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Relevant Screen Page" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Second Reset Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Subsequent Reset Date(s)" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Subsequent Reset Margin" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent 
Reset Date or the Maturity Date, as the case may be; and
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period 
and subject to Condition 3.3(b) and Condition 3.3(c), the rate of interest determined by 
the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Reset Margin. or the sum, converted (if not already 
on the same basis) from a basis equivalent to the Reference Bond Yield to a basis 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in 
conjunction with an investment bank of international repute selected by it), of (A) the 
Reference Bond Yield (assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price)) and (B) 
the relevant Subsequent Margin.
3.4
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
3.5
Benchmark discontinuation
Notwithstanding any other provision of Conditions 3.2 and 3.3, where the Original Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, applicable to the Notes is 
not SOFR, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate by reference 
to which any amount payable under the Notes remains to be determined, then the following 
provisions of this Condition 3.5 shall apply.
(a)
Independent Adviser
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.5(b) and, in either

--- Page 94 ---
91
case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.5 (c)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.3(d)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.5 shall act in good faith as 
an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for 
any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, 
pursuant to this Condition 3.5.
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that:
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3.5(c)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine any relevant amount(s) payable under the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 3.5); or
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.5(c)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the any 
relevant amount(s) payable under the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 3.5).
(c)
Adjustment Spread
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of any relevant amount(s) payable under the Notes by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).
(d)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 3.5 and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith, determines (A) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (B) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 3.5(e), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.5(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading.
(e)
Notices, etc.
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.5 will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 12, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 95 ---
92
No later than notifying the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate, to be made available for inspection by Noteholders, signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer:
(i)
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (c) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3.5;
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread; and
(iii)
certifying that (i) the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with 
respect to each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, (ii) explaining, in 
reasonable detail, why the Issuer not done so.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders.
(f)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.5(a), Condition 
3.5(b), 3.5(c) and 3.5(d), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions 
provided for in Conditions 3.2(b)(i) and 3.2(b)(ii) will continue to apply unless and until 
the Fiscal Agent has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance 
with Condition 3.5(c) and (d). Further, notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Condition 3.5, no successor, replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be 
adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes 
be made if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Bank and/or the Group.
For the purposes of the Conditions:
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(ii)
in the case of an Alternative Rate, is in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative Rate; or
(iii)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Issuer determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in customary 
market usage, the Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the

--- Page 96 ---
93
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Alternative Rate" means an index, benchmark or other price source which the Issuer 
determines in accordance with Condition 3.5 has replaced the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5(d).
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate:
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; or
(ii)
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (ii)(a); or
(iii)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
by a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (b) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (iv)(a); or
(v)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
(or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences), in each case 
within the following six months; or
(vi)
it has or will become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, if applicable.
"Original Reference Rate" means, for a Series, the index, benchmark or price source (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining any amount payable under 
the Notes of that Series. To the extent that a Successor Rate is determined to be used in 
respect of a Series, such Successor Rate shall be an "Original Reference Rate" for that Series 
during the period in which it is used.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate:
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of Original Reference Rate; or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority

--- Page 97 ---
94
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
3.6
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event
Where the Original Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the 
Notes is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.2 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes), Condition 3.3 (Interest on Reset Notes) and Conditions 3.5 (Benchmark 
discontinuation), as applicable, this Condition 3.6 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) shall 
apply.
(i)
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates.
(ii) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
(iii) Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3.6 (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, 
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the Holders or any other party. The Fiscal 
Agent will not have any liability for any determination made by or on behalf of Issuer or its 
designee in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark Replacement.

--- Page 98 ---
95
In no event shall Fiscal Agent be responsible for determining if a Benchmark Transition 
Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any adjustments to any 
alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute 
or successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Fiscal Agent will be 
entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or its designee and 
will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its designee.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions in this Condition 3.6 (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event), no Benchmark Replacement will be adopted if and to the extent that 
the Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that such Benchmark Replacement prejudices, 
or could reasonably be expected to prejudice, after the application of the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
and the further decisions and determinations as described below, the qualification of 
Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital.
In the event that the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable, cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Issuer or its designee, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as applicable, (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as 
applicable, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that immediately 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period, as applicable), or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest 
Period for the Notes, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such 
Series of Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period), or (iii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the first 
Interest Period for the Notes, the Rate of Interest which applied to the immediately 
preceding Interest Period, or (iv) if there is no such preceding Reset Determination 
Date, the Initial Rate of Interest.
For the purposes of this Condition 3.6 (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event):
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee 
determines on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-
current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement;
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:
(A)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the
then-current Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 99 ---
96
(B)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or
(C)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:
(A)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;or
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, forthe replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time;
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of 
interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer 
or its designee decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer 
or its designee decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its 
designee determine is reasonablynecessary);
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or
(B)
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement

--- Page 100 ---
97
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component);
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer
representative;
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as 
designee for the Notes in writing;
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the

--- Page 101 ---
98
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.
4
PAYMENTS
4.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or 
New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto.
4.2
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect of 
definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall 
for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued

--- Page 102 ---
99
in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Reset Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the 
nominal amount of such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note.
4.3
Payments in respect of Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation or 
surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and 
any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
4.4
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Bank will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Bank to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if:
(a)
the Bank has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Bank, adverse tax consequences to the Bank.

--- Page 103 ---
100
4.5
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
"Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;
(ii)
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open.
4.6
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(e)
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5.5); and
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Bank 
under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6.
5
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
5.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Bank at its Final Redemption Amount calculated as follows:
(a)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Notes where a Redemption/Payment Basis other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms), at 
100 per cent. of the Calculation Amount per Calculation Amount as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or

--- Page 104 ---
101
(b)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note where a Redemption/Payment Basis other than 100 per cent. 
of the nominal amount has been specified in the applicable Final Terms, at the amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms,
in each case in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
5.2
Redemption for tax reasons
Subject to Conditions 5.5 and (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) 5.11, the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Bank in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) 
or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 and not 
more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and in accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), if:
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes
(i)
the Bank has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 6; or
(ii)
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, the Bank would not be entitled to claim a tax 
deduction in computing its taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 6) in respect of such payment of interest to be made on the Notes on the 
occasion of the next payment due under the Subordinated Notes (or the amount of such 
deduction would be materially reduced), 
in each case, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax 
Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6) or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after (A) (in 
the case of Unsubordinated Notes) the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of the Notes; or (B) (in the case of Subordinated Notes) the Issue Date; and
(b)
such obligation, loss of entitlement (or reduction) cannot be avoided by the Bank taking 
reasonable measures available to it,
(each a "Tax Event") provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which (i) the Bank would be obliged to pay such additional amounts; or (ii) 
the Bank would not be entitled to claim such a deduction (or the amount of such deduction would be 
materially reduced) in respect of such payment (as applicable), in each case, were a payment in respect
of the Notes then be due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2, the Bank shall deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by 
two directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that a Tax 
Event has occurred.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.

--- Page 105 ---
102
5.3
Redemption upon a Capital Event – Subordinated Notes
This Condition 5.3 applies only to Subordinated Notes in relation to which this Condition 5.3 is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and references to "Notes" and "Noteholders" in this 
Condition shall be construed accordingly.
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5.11, the Notes may, save as provided below, be redeemed at the 
option of the Bank, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 12, the Noteholders, if a Capital Event occurs.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Bank shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two directors of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Bank so to redeem have occurred.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 5.5 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meaning:
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in Iceland and applicable to the Bank and/or the 
Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the FSA (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Bank and/or the Group); and
"Capital Event" means the determination by the Bank, after consultation with the FSA, that, as a result 
of a change in Icelandic law or Applicable Banking Regulations or any change in the official application 
or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes, 
the Notes are excluded in whole or in part from the Tier 2 Capital of the Bank and/or the Group, other 
than where such exclusion is only as a result of any applicable limitation on such capital;
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; and
"Subsidiaries" means any entity whose affairs are required by law or in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles applicable in Iceland to be consolidated in the Bank's consolidated 
accounts.
5.4
Redemption at the option of the Bank ("Issuer Call")
Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.11, if Issuer Call is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank may, having given not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable

--- Page 106 ---
103
Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") 
will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with Condition 12 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.
5.5
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 5.2, Condition 5.3 and Condition 8, each Note will be redeemed at an 
amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") calculated as follows:
(a)
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note), at the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified therein, at the Final Redemption 
Amount;
(b)
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:
where:
RP
means the Reference Price;
AY
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
y
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to 
the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator will be 365).
5.6
Clean-Up Redemption Option
(a)
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if 80 
per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-up 
Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal amount of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt 
includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first 
Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Bank or any of its subsidiaries and, in each case, cancelled, the Bank may, at its option, on giving 
not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the holders 
of such Note in accordance with Condition 12 (or such other notice period as may be specified in 

y
AY
1
RP
Amount 
Redemption
Early 




--- Page 107 ---
104
the relevant Final Terms) redeem the outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s), specified in the applicable Final Terms (together with any interest 
accrued thereon but unpaid to the date set for redemption) on any Optional Clean-up Redemption 
Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
5.7
Purchases
The Bank or any Subsidiary of the Bank may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in 
the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Bank, 
surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.
5.8
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.5 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and cannot be reissued 
or resold.
5.9
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2 or 5.3 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in 
Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 5.5(b) above as though the 
references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
5.10
Substitution or Variation – Subordinated Notes
This Condition 5.10 applies only to Subordinated Notes and "Notes" and "Noteholders" in this Condition 
shall be construed accordingly.
If Condition 5.10 is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and at any time a Capital 
Event or a Tax Event occurs, or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 5.11, the Bank may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Fiscal Agent, in accordance with Condition 12,
the Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Notes for, or vary the terms of the Notes 
so that they remain, or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities, provided that such substitution or 
variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Bank to redeem the substituted or varied securities 
that are inconsistent with the redemption provisions of the Notes.
Prior to the publication of any notice of substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition, the Bank 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent, a certificate signed by two Directors of the Bank stating that the Bank 
is entitled to effect such substitution or variation and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to substitute or, as the case may be, vary the terms of 
the Notes, have occurred.

--- Page 108 ---
105
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Bank that:
(a)
have terms (other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 17) not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders as a class than the terms of the Notes (as reasonably 
determined by the Bank) and, subject thereto, they shall (i) have a ranking at least equal to that 
of the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (ii) have the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iii) have the same redemption 
rights as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation, as the case may be; (iv) comply 
with the then current requirements of the FSA in relation to Tier 2 Capital; (v) preserve any 
existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or 
variation, as the case may be, or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date, and (vi) where Notes 
which have been substituted or varied had a published and solicited rating from a Rating Agency 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation, each such Rating Agency has ascribed, or 
announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published and solicited rating to the relevant 
Qualifying Securities; and
(b)
are listed on a recognised stock exchange, if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
substitution or variation, as selected by the Bank; and
"Rating Agency" means the relevant credit rating agency (or their respective successors) as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms.
5.11
Consent of the FSA
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no early redemption in any circumstances, purchase under Condition 5.7 or 
substitution or variation under Condition 5.10, shall take place without the prior written consent of the FSA (if, 
and to the extent then required, by the FSA). For the avoidance of doubt, redemption of Subordinated Notes 
under Condition 5.1 shall not require the consent of the FSA.
6
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Bank will be 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Bank will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon:
(a)
presented for payment in Iceland; or
(b)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 
4.5).

--- Page 109 ---
106
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Bank be required to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of the Notes and Coupons for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official 
interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
As used herein:
(i)
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Iceland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and
(ii)
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12.
In the case of the Subordinated Notes only and notwithstanding the foregoing, the payment of any additional 
amounts by the Issuer will be limited to payments of interest only.
7
PRESCRIPTION
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 6) therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 4.2.
8
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT EVENTS 
8.1
Events of Default
This Condition 8.1 shall apply only to Unsubordinated Notes and references to "Notes" and 
"Noteholders" in this Condition 8.1 shall be construed accordingly. If any one or more of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be continuing:
(a)
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of five days in the case 
of principal and 10 days in the case of interest; or
(b)
if the Bank fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice 
as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 days next 
following the service by a Noteholder on the Bank of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or
(c)
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries 
becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described);
(ii) the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any 
Financial Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable 
grace period; (iii) any security given by the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries for any 
Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable; or (iv) default is made by the Bank or any of its 
Principal Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given

--- Page 110 ---
107
by it in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other person, provided that the aggregate 
nominal amount of any such Financial Indebtedness of the Bank or such Principal Subsidiary in 
the case of (i), (ii) and/or (iii) above, and/or amount of Financial Indebtedness in relation to which 
such guarantee and/or indemnity of the Bank or such Principal Subsidiary has been given in the 
case of (iv) above, is at least €25,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency);
(d)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution 
of the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries, save for the purposes of reorganisation (i) on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) in the case of a Principal 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and the assets of the Principal Subsidiary are transferred to 
or otherwise vested in the Bank or another of its Subsidiaries as part of a voluntary amalgamation, 
reconstruction or restructuring in relation to a Principal Subsidiary which is solvent); or
(e)
if the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on (in the case 
of the Bank) the whole or a substantial part of its business or (in the case of a Principal Subsidiary) 
the whole or substantially the whole of its business, (save in each case for the purposes of 
reorganisation (i) on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) in the case 
of a Principal Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and the assets of the Principal Subsidiary are 
transferred to or otherwise vested in the Bank or another of its Subsidiaries as part of a voluntary 
amalgamation, reconstruction or restructuring in relation to a Principal Subsidiary which is 
solvent) or the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop payment of, or 
is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is 
deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or
(f)
if (A) proceedings are initiated against the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under any 
applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or an 
application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative or 
other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Bank or 
any of its Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to all or substantially all of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrance takes possession of all or substantially 
all of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against all or substantially all 
of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (B) in any case (other than the appointment of an 
administrator) is not discharged within 14 days; or
(g)
if the Bank or any of its Principal Subsidiaries initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating 
to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the 
benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or 
any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement 
or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors),
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Bank at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption 
Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind.
For the purposes of the Conditions:

--- Page 111 ---
108
"Financial Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a)
borrowed money;
(b)
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or any dematerialised 
equivalent;
(c)
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of any debenture, bond, note 
or loan stock or other similar instrument (with the exception of any loan stock issued by a member 
of the Group which is cash collateralised);
(d)
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with IFRS, be treated as a finance or capital lease;
(e)
receivables sold or discounted (otherwise than on a non-recourse basis);
(f)
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement) having the commercial or economic effect of a borrowing and which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, includes any transaction that is required to be classified and accounted for as 
borrowings, for financial reporting purposes in accordance with IFRS;
(g)
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from 
fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, 
only the marked to market value shall be taken into account); or
(h)
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution;
"IFRS" means International Financial Reporting Standards; and
"Principal Subsidiary" means at any time a Subsidiary of the Bank:
(a)
whose gross revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case (or, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period 
to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries relate, are 
equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues, or, as the case may be, 
consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated 
respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be,
non-consolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the 
Bank and its Subsidiaries, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Bank acquired after the 
end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank and 
its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Bank 
and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts 
for the financial period in which the acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid, be deemed to be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had 
been shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as 
deemed appropriate by the Bank;
(b)
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Bank which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, 
provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal 
Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries

--- Page 112 ---
109
for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as 
aforesaid but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal 
Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior 
to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or
(c)
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking or 
assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary being 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries relate, generate gross revenues equal to) not less than 
10 per cent. of the consolidated gross revenues, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal 
to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the 
transferor Subsidiary (if a Principal Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a 
Principal Subsidiary unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets 
generate (or, in the case aforesaid, generate gross revenues equal to) not less than 10 per cent. of 
the consolidated total gross revenues, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal 
to) not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets, of the Bank and its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, and the transferee 
Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (c) on the date 
on which the consolidated accounts of the Bank and its Subsidiaries for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited but so that such transferor 
Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal Subsidiary on or at any time after the 
date on which such consolidated accounts have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue 
of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other 
applicable provision of this definition,
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement.
A report by two managing directors of the Bank that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Bank is or is 
not or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.
8.2
Enforcement Events – Subordinated Notes
This Condition 8.2 applies only to Subordinated Notes and references to "Notes" and "Noteholders" in 
this Condition shall be construedaccordingly.
The following events or circumstances (each an "Enforcement Event") shall constitute enforcement 
events in relation to the Notes:
(a)
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes or any of 
them and the default continues for a period of five days in the case of principal and ten days in 
the case of interest, any Noteholder may, at its own discretion and without further notice, institute 
proceedings in Iceland in order to recover the amounts due from the Bank to such Noteholder, 
provided that a Noteholder may not at any time file for liquidation or bankruptcy of the Bank. 
Any Noteholder may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such proceedings 
against the Bank as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on 
the Bank under the Notes, provided that the Bank shall not by virtue of the institution of any 
proceedings be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been 
payable by it; and

--- Page 113 ---
110
(b)
if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Bank, save for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, then the Notes shall become due and payable at their outstanding principal amount 
together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.
9
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Bank may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
10
PAYING AGENTS
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
The Bank is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Fiscal Agent;
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Bank is incorporated.
In addition, the Bank shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 4.4. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Bank in accordance with Condition 12.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Bank and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders or Couponholders. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
paying agent.
11
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 7.
12
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if (a) published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading 
on and listed on the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange and if the guidelines of that exchange so require, 
filed with the Companies Announcements Office of the Irish Stock Exchange. It is expected that such

--- Page 114 ---
111
publication will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing the 
Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such 
publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Fiscal Agent. Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Fiscal Agent through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.
13
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, 
the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Bank 
and shall be convened by the Bank if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except 
that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, 
reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering 
the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders.
The Fiscal Agent and the Bank may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to:
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as 
mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders; or
(b)
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law.

--- Page 115 ---
112
Subject to obtaining the prior written consent of the FSA, any such modification shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 as soon as practicable thereafter.
14
FURTHER ISSUES
The Bank shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to 
create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.
15
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.
16
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
16.1
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes, the Coupons and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes 
and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law except for the 
provisions of Condition 2.2 and Condition 2.3 which shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Icelandic law.
16.2
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
Subject to Condition 16.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute 
as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of 
the Bank and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 16.2, the Bank waives any objection to the English courts on 
the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent 
proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
16.3
Appointment of Process Agent
The Bank irrevocably appoints the Embassy of Iceland, London as its agent for service of process in any 
proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute, and agrees that, in the event of the 
Embassy of Iceland, London being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. The Bank 
agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing 
herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 116 ---
113
16.4
Waiver of immunity
The Bank irrevocably and unconditionally with respect to any Dispute (i) waives any right to claim 
sovereign or other immunity from jurisdiction, recognition or enforcement and any similar argument in 
any jurisdiction, (ii) submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts and the courts of any other 
jurisdiction in relation to the recognition of any judgment or order of the English courts or the courts of 
any competent jurisdiction in relation to any Dispute and (iii) consents to the giving of any relief 
(whether by way of injunction, attachment, specific performance or other relief) or the issue of any 
related process, in any jurisdiction, whether before or after final judgment, including without limitation, 
the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or 
intended use) of any order or judgment made or given in connection with any Dispute.
16.5
Other documents
The Bank has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above.
17
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes, or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understanding between any of the parties thereto or between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which, for the 
purposes of this Condition 17, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), each Noteholder by 
its purchase of the Notes will be deemed to acknowledge, accept, and agree, that any liability arising under the 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
and acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by:
(a)
the effect of the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which exercise (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or 
a combination thereof:
(i)
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes;
(ii)
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, and the issue to or conferral 
on the Noteholder of such shares, securities or obligations, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes;
(iii)
the cancellation of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes; and
(iv)
the amendment or alteration of the maturity date of the Notes or the amendment of the amount of 
interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which interest become payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and
(b)
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
to give effect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority.
In the Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meaning:
"Relevant Amounts" means the outstanding principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest and additional amounts due on the Notes pursuant to Condition 6. References to such 
amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of any applicable Statutory Loss Absorption Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority;

--- Page 117 ---
114
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Resolution Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland, the FSA, 
or any successor authority that has the power to implement Statutory Loss Absorption Powers with respect 
to the Bank;
"Statutory Loss Absorption Powers" mean any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, suspension 
or similar or related powers existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any Statutory 
Loss Absorption Regime; and
"Statutory Loss Absorption Regime" means any statutory regime implemented or directly effective in 
Iceland which provides any Relevant Resolution Authority with the powers to implement loss absorption 
measures in respect of capital instruments (such as the Notes), including, but not limited to, the Act on the 
Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions, No. 70/2020.

--- Page 118 ---
115
USE OF PROCEEDS
If "general corporate purposes" is specified in the "Reasons for the Offer" section in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for the Bank's general corporate purposes, 
which may include making a profit.
If "Sustainable Finance Instrument" is specified in the "Reasons for the Offer" section in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used to finance, refinance and/or 
invest in Eligible Activities and Assets in line with the Bank's Sustainable Finance Framework (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time), which is available at the Bank´s website: https://www.landsbankinn.is/en/the-
bank/investor-relations/sustainable-finance.
If, in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than as described above, 
this will be stated in the relevant section of the Final Terms.

--- Page 119 ---
116
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK
Overview
The Bank is a leading Icelandic financial institution, offering a full range of financial services in the Icelandic 
financial service sector with a total of 36 branches and outlets across the country. The Bank was established on 7 
October 2008 as a limited liability company, but the history of its predecessor, Landsbanki Íslands hf. ("LBI") dates 
back to 1886.
The Bank has been granted an operating licence to act as a commercial bank operates pursuant to the provisions of 
the Act on Financial Undertakings, No. 161/2002, and it operates pursuant to the provisions of the Act on Financial 
Undertaking, the Act on Public Limited Companies, No. 2/1995 and the Act on the Authority for Treasury 
Disbursements due to Unusual Financial Market Circumstances etc. No. 125/2008. The Bank is supervised by the 
FSA.
The Bank is registered with the Register of Enterprises in Iceland with registration number 471008-0280. The Bank's 
registered office is located at Austurstræti 11, 155 Reykjavík, Iceland and its telephone number is: +354 410 4000. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Bank is 549300TLZPT6JELDWM92. 
In April 2020, the international rating agency Standard & Poor's lowered the long-term rating of the Bank to BBB/A-
2, with a stable outlook. The previous rating was from July 2019, where Standard & Poor's affirmed the long-term 
and short-term rating of the Bank as BBB+/A-2 but revised its outlook from "stable" to "negative outlook". 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group's net interest income was ISK 38.07 billion compared to ISK 39.67 
billion in 2019. Its total net operating income was ISK 38.25 billion compared to ISK 51.52 billion in 2019 and profit 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 was ISK 10.52 billion compared to ISK 18.24 billion in 2019. As at 31 
December 2020, the Group's total assets were ISK 1,564 billion compared to ISK 1,426 billion, at 31 December 
2019. Further information can be found in the 2020 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. 
Historical background
LBI was a public limited liability company (hf.) but changed to a private limited liability company (ehf.) in 2016. 
LBI the Bank's predecessor, was established by the Icelandic Parliament on 1 July 1886. In establishing LBI, the 
Icelandic Parliament hoped to boost monetary transactions and encourage the country's nascent industries. LBI's first 
decades of operation were restricted by its limited financial capacity and it was little more than a building society.
Following the turn of the 20th century, however, Icelandic society progressed and prospered as industrialisation 
finally made inroads, and LBI grew and developed in parallel to the nation. In the 1920s, LBI became Iceland's 
largest bank and was made responsible for issuing Iceland's bank bonds. The issuance of bank bonds was transferred 
to the then newly established Central Bank in 1961 and LBI continued to develop as a commercial bank, expanding 
its branch network in the ensuing decades.
Liberalisation of financial services in Iceland, beginning in 1986, opened new opportunities which LBI managed to 
take advantage of, despite some economic adversity. In 1997, LBI was incorporated as a limited liability company, 
and the ensuing privatisation was concluded in 2003. From 2003 to 2008, LBI operated as a private bank with 
substantial international activities in addition to its traditional Icelandic operations.
Following the continuous deterioration of the financial markets and the collapse of the Icelandic banking system, the 
FSA took control of LBI on 7 October 2008. The Bank, wholly owned by the Icelandic State, was established around 
the domestic deposits and the majority of the Icelandic assets of the old bank. All liabilities and assets not transferred 
to the Bank were retained in LBI and a Resolution Committee was appointed to supersede the board of directors of 
LBI.

--- Page 120 ---
117
Shareholders, share capital and dividend policy
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank had 881 shareholders. The ISFI manages 23,567,013,778 (98.2 per cent.) shares 
and the corresponding voting rights on behalf of the largest shareholder, the Icelandic State Treasury. The ISFI 
manages its holdings in the Bank in accordance with its publicly available ownership policy. The second largest 
shareholder is the Bank, which holds 375,460,240 (1.56 per cent.) of its own shares after acquisition by the Bank of 
its own shares under its buy-back programme initiated in December 2018.
Shares as of 31 
December 2020
% of the Bank's 
share capital
Icelandic State Treasury
23,567,013,778
98.20%
Landsbankinn's own shares
375,460,240
1.56%
Other shareholders
57,525,982
0.24%
Total shares
24,000,000,000
100%
The Bank is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by others, other than those listed above. The Bank is not 
aware of any arrangements, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Bank.
According to the Icelandic State Ownership Strategy for Financial Services, published by the Finance Ministry in 
2020, it is the intention of the ISFI to retain substantial equity stake in the Bank for the long term to contribute, 
among other things, to financial system stability. No decision on the equity stake sale will be made until the ISFI has 
sold all its shares in Íslandsbanki.22
The Icelandic Parliament has authorised a sale of all of the Icelandic State Treasury's shares in the Bank which are 
in excess of 70 per cent. of the Bank's total share capital – see also "Risk Factors - The Icelandic State Treasury is 
the largest shareholder of the Bank. This may affect the Bank and its business".
Share capital
The Bank's total share capital is ISK 24,000,000,000 of which 23,624,539,760 shares are outstanding. Each share 
has a nominal value of one ISK and the owner is entitled to one vote at shareholders' meetings.
The Bank's AGM held 25 March 2021, authorised the Bank, in accordance with Article 55 of the Act on Public 
Limited Companies, No. 2/1995, to acquire its own shares, up to 10 per cent. of the nominal value. The minimum 
and maximum amounts the Bank is authorised to pay for each share shall be equivalent to its book value, i.e. ratio of 
shareholder equity to share capital, as disclosed in the most recent annual or interim financial statements published 
before the purchase of own shares takes place. This authorisation is valid until the 2022 AGM of the Bank's. 
Disposition of own shares purchased by the Bank is based on this authorisation is subject to approval by a 
shareholders' meeting.
Dividend policy
Landsbankinn's current dividend policy provides that the Bank aims to pay regular dividends to shareholders 
amounting, in general, to at least 50 per cent. of the previous year's profit. To achieve the Bank's target capital ratio, 
special dividend payments may also be made to optimise its capital structure. In determining the amount of dividend 
                                                       
22 Source: "The Icelandic State's ownership strategy for Financial Services" published in February 2020 by the Ministries of 
Finance and Economic Affairs: http://www.bankasysla.is/files/EigandastefnaRikisins2020_02_loka_968608008.pdf

--- Page 121 ---
118
payments, the Bank's continued strong financial position shall be ensured. Regard shall be had for risk in the Bank's 
internal and external environment, growth prospects and the maintenance of a long-term, robust equity and liquidity 
position, as well as compliance with regulatory requirements of financial standing at any given time.
The Bank's AGM, held on 22 April 2020, approved the motion of the Board of Directors to pay no dividend for the 
operating year 2019 in the light of the economic uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and in line with 
directions from the Central Bank of Iceland.
The Bank's AGM held on 25 March 2021 approved a motion to pay dividends to shareholders amounting to ISK 0.19 
per share or around ISK 4,489 million, which is equivalent to 42.7 per cent. of the Bank's overall profit for the 
financial year ended 2021. Payment of the dividend will be made on 31 March 2021. The capital requirement of the 
Group will be reduced by an amount equivalent to the dividend payment and the Bank's capital ratio, in accordance 
with the Act on Financial Undertakings, will decrease by 0.4 percentage points. The intended dividend proposal is in 
accordance with the maximum benchmark for dividend payments set by the Central Bank's Financial Supervision 
Committee on 13 January 2021.
Organisational structure
The Bank is the parent company of a group and its principal subsidiaries include the following as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus (the "Group"):
Principal subsidiaries
Principal area of activity
Ownership interest
Eignarhaldsfélag Landsbankans ehf.
Holding company
100%
Landsbréf hf.
Management companies for mutual funds
100%
Hömlur ehf.*
Holding company 
100%
*Hömlur ehf. is a parent of a number of subsidiaries, which are neither individually nor combined, significant in the context of 
the Group's business.
Strategy
Landsbankinn has formed a new strategy that sets the agenda until the end of 2030, with milestones to hit by the end 
of the 2022 financial year and end of the 2025 financial year.
Value: Trust 
Vision: Landsbankinn, an ever-smarter bank
Strategic focal points
The strategy is focused on the changes both individual and corporate finances are undergoing. It is founded on the 
ideal of mutual trust and a personal approach to banking. The strategy is supported by three pillars, each of which 
promotes principles linked to different aspects of the Bank's operation; customers, infrastructure, and human 
resources.
Satisfied customers 
The first pillar is about customer satisfaction. Under this pillar, the principles will be to simplify customers' lives and 
show initiative. The Bank will do this by developing simple solutions that are accessible around the clock and by 
utilising data to provide customers with personal and professional advice.
Continuous development

--- Page 122 ---
119
The second pillar is about on-going advancement. It refers to the fact that the Bank operates in an ever-transforming 
environment and must respond by introducing effective ways to adapt and succeed. The Bank wants to advance with 
ever-smarter operations, utilising the Bank's data better in order to offer tailored services. The Bank aims to have 
operations that are sound and secure, with a special emphasis on information security. The Bank also aims to lead 
the way towards a sustainable future.
Passion for success
The third pillar is all about achievement for customers and the Bank's employees. The Bank's share in its customers' 
success is driven by enthusiasm for results. It is the intention of the Bank to develop the workplace of tomorrow, a 
diverse and flexible place of employment that fosters cooperation and the development of ideas into solutions.
Business
The organisational chart below illustrates the Bank's principal operating and support functions as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus:
The Bank has three reporting segments: Personal Banking, Corporate Banking and Asset Management & Capital 
Markets.
Personal Banking
The Personal Banking division ("Personal Banking") comprises three departments: the Branch Network, the 
Customer Service Centre and Business Solutions. Business Solutions run product development, product 
management, campaigning, sales and collections for the retail part of the Bank.

--- Page 123 ---
120
Personal Banking provides general and specialised banking services to individuals. Service for small and medium-
sized enterprises ("SME's") in rural areas is catered for via the bank's vast branch network around the country.
The Bank operates 36 branches and outlets around Iceland. Its distribution channel strategy is to ensure the provision 
of personal, economical and value-added banking services to its customers.
Emphasis is placed on providing customers with a diverse range of products. Each branch offers general services and 
personal advice to individuals. In rural areas, branches provide further service and advice to SMEs. Various self-
service options are available throughout the country. In addition, the Bank's customers have access to financial 
services through its Customer Service Centre, online banking system and mobile solutions.
Among the Bank's customers are around 130,000 individuals and around 11,000 SMEs. Its market share is around 
37 per cent. with respect to individuals, and 41 per cent. with respect to SMEs around the country, according to a 
survey conducted by Gallup in 2020. 
Corporate Banking
Corporate Banking ("Corporate Banking") provides comprehensive financial services to large, small and medium 
sized corporate clients and municipalities, as well as tailored services to meet customer specific needs. Corporate 
Banking also handles corporate and SMEs' services in the capital region through a SMEs' Center. Corporate Banking 
holds a strong position among the largest companies and institutions in Iceland. The market share in Corporate 
Banking, according to an annual survey conducted by Gallup in 2020, is stable at around 36 per cent.
Corporate Banking comprises six business units and four support units. The business units are split based on sector 
segmentation; one unit manages relations with contractors, real estate companies, travel service companies and 
municipalities; the second unit manages relations with industrial companies and companies in trade and service; the 
third unit manages relations with the Bank's larger customers in fisheries and agriculture; the fourth unit manages 
relations with around 7,000 SMEs in the capital region. In addition, the fifth business unit focuses on fleet-, 
machinery and equipment financing and leasing and finally the sixth unit is a corporate finance unit that provides 
advisory services to companies and investors and is focused on services in relation to mergers and acquisitions, 
purchase and sale of companies and advice on project financing. The unit also advises on and co-ordinates public 
offerings and listings on stock exchanges, as well as providing services to companies listed on a stock exchange.
Corporate Banking has four support units: Business Support, Credit Assessment, Corporate Debt Restructuring and 
Legal Services.
Business Support is a support unit designed to assist the business units by providing in-depth data analysis and 
business development solutions.
Credit Assessment is responsible for the preparation of credit rating reports and supervising business cases, which 
are submitted for credit decisions.
Corporate Debt Restructuring analyses and manages problematic assets in the corporate loan portfolio such as cash 
flow, debt service capacity, collaterals and asset valuation. The team also manages negotiations with all stakeholders 
(shareholders, liquidators, etc.).
Legal Services, which sits within Corporate Banking, provides legal advice regarding corporate lending and 
restructuring and is responsible for drafting more complex loan contracts and collateral agreements.
Asset Management & Capital Markets 
Asset Management and Capital Markets provides brokerage services in securities, foreign currencies and derivatives, 
sale of securities issues, money market lending and advisory services. The division provides a range of wealth and 
asset management products and services for individuals, corporations and institutional investors. Landsbréf hf. a

--- Page 124 ---
121
subsidiary of the Bank, is included in Asset Management and Captial Markets. The division comprises two 
departments: Asset Management and Capital Markets. The Asset Management and Capital Markets division has one 
support unit: Business Solutions.
Asset Management offers comprehensive asset management services, including advice in selecting appropriate 
savings options, and development and management of asset portfolios. The customers of Asset Management are 
diverse and include individuals, pension funds, institutions, municipalities and companies. Part of the product 
offering provided by Asset Management is securities and investment funds run by Landsbréf hf. In addition, Asset 
Management has two pension funds under full management, which involves the asset management of securities 
portfolios, supervising the funds' accounting, registration of pension rights and pension payments.
Asset Management's services also entail the management of asset portfolios by Private Banking Services along with 
customised management for companies, pension funds, insurance companies, municipalities and charities. Private 
Banking Services are customised to meet the needs of the Bank's wealthiest customers. Activities involve the 
management of customers' asset portfolios in addition to general accounting services. Customers can choose between 
active management of an asset portfolio where the advisers of Private Banking Services manage the assets in 
accordance with a predetermined investment strategy, or advice on management where the customer manages its 
own portfolio with the assistance of an adviser.
Capital Markets handles market transactions in financial instruments, such as bonds, equities, derivatives and foreign 
currencies for professional clients. Capital Markets also handles the issue and sale of corporate, municipal and 
national government bonds. 
Capital Markets incorporates Fund & Pension Advisory Services, which provide the Bank's customers with advice 
and services in matters relating to savings, investments and pensions. The department's main customers are general 
investors involved in securities trading and individuals and companies in relation to pension issues.
Business Solutions is a support unit designed to assist the business units by providing business development.
Support divisions
The Bank has three support divisions: Risk Management, Finance and Operations & IT.
Risk Management
The role of the Risk Management division is to assess and control the Bank's credit risk, to assess market risk, 
liquidity risk and operational risk, and to monitor these risk factors in the Bank's operations. The Risk Management 
division is responsible for the maintenance and analysis of the Bank's risk assessment systems. Subsidiaries of the 
Bank have their own risk management functions and the Risk Management Division receives information on 
exposures from the subsidiaries and collates them into Group exposures. The Risk Management Division is also 
responsible for comprehensive risk reporting on risk positions to various internal departments and committees and 
supervisory authorities.
As of December 2020, the Risk Management Division was comprised of seven departments.

The Credit Management Department reviews, and confirms or vetos, credit decisions made by the Bank's 
business units when credit applications exceed the business units' limits. Confirmation by Credit 
Management implies that Credit Management has reviewed the credit application and has not exercised its 
veto rights. Credit applications exceeding the confirmation limits of the Risk Management Division are 
referred to the Bank's Credit Committee. The department also oversees regular updates of the Bank's credit 
policies and other rules related to the credit process.

The Credit Risk Department is responsible for measuring and monitoring credit risk as well as for providing 
the Bank with systems and processes to measure, monitor and control credit risk in credit and policy

--- Page 125 ---
122
decisions. Credit Risk is further responsible for analysis and reporting on credit risk, economic capital and 
impairment. Credit Risk is also responsible for setting rules and procedures regarding credit risk, such as 
procedures for impairment measurement, credit mitigation and forbearance.

The Market Risk Department is responsible for measuring, monitoring and reporting on market risk, 
liquidity risk and interest rate risk in the Bank's banking book along with limit monitoring and reporting. 
The department develops and maintains the Bank's market risk models and maintains the Bank's Market 
Risk Policy and Liquidity Risk Policy, as well as implementing processes to measure and monitor market 
risk and liquidity risk. Market Risk is also responsible for monitoring all derivatives trading the Bank enters 
into, both for hedging and trading purposes, as well as FX balance monitoring for the Bank. 

The Operational Risk Department is responsible for ensuring that the Bank's operational risk is monitored 
and that the Bank implements and maintains an effective operational risk management framework. The 
department assists managers with operational risk assessment incidents related to normal operations and 
operational loss incidents analysis, and oversees business continuity plans. The Bank's policy and rules on 
operational risk are the responsibility of the department. The department is partly responsible for the security 
system of the online banking platform. The Operational Risk Department heads the work on the Bank's 
certification under the ISO 27001 standard for information security.

The Risk Manager for Pension Funds is responsible for development and implementation of risk policy and 
risk governance, execution of risk assessment and correspondence with regulators such as the Central Bank 
and its financial supervisory function. The Risk Manager also makes sure that monitoring of regulatory 
compliance is carried out, reviews calculations and results and performs tolerance interval monitoring. The 
Risk Manager has direct access to the boards of the pension funds and also reports to their managing 
directors.

The Internal Modelling Department is responsible for providing the Bank with Internal Rating Based 
("IRB") and Economic Capital ("EC") models and related processes to estimate credit risk and link the risk 
to equity, as well as for providing support during the implementation of those models and processes. The 
department is also responsible for the development of models for pre-approved limits.

The Risk Solutions Department develops and operates external solutions, as well as maintaining the 
development and reporting environments used by the Risk Management Division. The department is also 
responsible for monitoring and maintaining periodic executions of code by the Division and reporting to 
supervisory parties. The department has also been responsible for the implementation of the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision for the effective risk data aggregation and risk reporting standard, or 
Banking Supervision standard number 239 ("BCBS 239").
Finance and Operations
Finance and Operations is a division that incorporates both support and profit functions. The division comprises six 
departments: Treasury, Accounting & Financial Reporting ("A&FR"), Transaction Services, Loan Administration, 
Operations and Market Making.
Treasury is responsible for the Bank's funding, liquidity management and market making in money markets. Treasury 
manages the Bank's exchange rate, interest rate and inflation risks, within limits that are set by the Board of Directors.
In addition, Treasury handles investor relations, dealings with the Central Bank and communications with domestic 
and overseas financial institutions, as well as rating agencies. Treasury is also responsible for the Bank's internal and 
external interest rate pricing.
A&FR is responsible for financial accounting and budgeting within the Bank. The Department handles the 
compilation and communication of management information; monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements; 
and budgeting and rolling financial forecasts. A&FR is further responsible for carrying out earnings measurements, 
analysis, and has a control function within the Bank.

--- Page 126 ---
123
Transaction Services provides services to the income divisions of the Bank and to the Bank's customers. The main 
activities include international payments, clearing and settlement of securities and foreign exchange transactions, 
accounting and settlement for fund and back-office functions for pension savings.
Loan Administration manages all loans for the Bank and third-party owned loans, including documentation and 
payments, information disclosure and amendments to loans. The department is also responsible for appendices and 
inventory of active loans and the final processing of settled documents for permanent archiving. The department 
includes a dedicated unit which handles import and export documentary, standby letters of credit, guarantees, 
documentary collections and domestic guarantees.
The Operations division comprises two departments: Properties and Appropriated Assets. The Properties department 
oversees the Bank's internal operations and facilities, i.e. the operation and maintenance of all its properties, including 
sales or purchases. The Properties department is also responsible for employees' working facilities, purchase of 
equipment for the Bank's operations, internal security and relations with external security facilities and custodial 
operations. 
Appropriated Assets is responsible for selling and renting out real estate assets which the Bank has acquired through 
foreclosure or as a part of debt restructuring. In addition, the Appropriated Assets department sells vehicles, 
equipment and other items that the Bank has acquired through foreclosure.
Market Making acts as a market maker for a number of listed securities, as well as the ISK on the interbank market. 
The role of a market maker is to promote normal price formation and liquidity in the market by submitting offers to 
buy or sell the asset to which the market making agreement applies at any time, for its own account within a maximum 
price spread.
Information Technology
The Information Technology ("IT") division is responsible for developing, operating and advising on the Bank's 
information systems and solutions. The IT division comprises six departments: Architecture, Application 
Management and Software Development, Information Intelligence, IT Service, Operations, and Web Development.
The Architecture department comprises several units which are responsible for several different tasks such as 
providing process improvement, procurement, strategic planning and project management, data and software 
architecture and physical document storage supervision.
The Application Management and Software Development department comprises eight different domain units. The 
department oversees all business software, both internally developed and third-party software.
The Information Intelligence department is the driving force behind the use of information for decision-making and 
improved customer service. This department is responsible for the data warehouse, business intelligence reports and 
data analytics. 
The IT Service department comprises two units: the Help desk unit, which provides first and second level service to 
internal users and the Information Technology Infrastructure Library process management unit.
The Operations department comprises several different units: operations, system administration, database 
administration, hardware support, software distribution, net, phone, access control, batch processing and security as 
well as hardware such as data centres, telephone systems, ATMs, etc.
The Web Development department designs, maintains and develops all front-end web solutions that clients use such 
as the mobile app, online banking and the Bank's webpages.

--- Page 127 ---
124
Other divisions
The CEO's Office, Human Resources, Marketing & Communication, Legal Services, Economic Research 
Department and Compliance all report directly to the CEO.
The CEO's Office works closely with the CEO to assist her with her duties. Its primary responsibilities are arranging 
meetings for the Bank's senior management and Board of Directors and following-up on the implementation of 
decisions.
The Economic Research Department monitors financial markets and economic trends of relevance to the Bank and 
its clients. It follows the development in the domestic and global economy and on most import markets. It publishes 
research reports on all major domestic macro-developments as well as foreign-exchange and fixed income markets.
Human Resources ("HR") is responsible for all employee-related issues, such as salary and benefits, recruitment, 
training and job development.
The Marketing & Communication Department is responsible for formulating and implementing the Bank's marketing 
strategy and planning. It is also responsible for internal and external communication.
Legal Services handle legal aspects of the Bank's operations. It, inter alia, provides the Bank with legal advice, 
manages litigation, represents the Bank in courts, prepares cases reviewed by the Complaints Committee on 
Transactions with Financial Undertakings, reviews and confirms standardised documents relating to the Bank´s 
operations, and prepares correspondence with regulators, in particular the FSA and the Icelandic Competition 
Authority. 
Compliance is an independent management unit placed directly under the CEO in the Bank's organisational chart, 
operating in accordance with the letter of appointment from the Board of Directors. Compliance is part of the Bank's 
second level control and is responsible for monitoring laws and actions against money laundering and financing of 
terrorist activities, and laws on securities trading and laws on data protection. Compliance also monitors the 
efficiency of the Bank's policy on compliance with laws, regulations and internal rules, and is responsible for 
consulting and instructing management on the effects of changes to the legal environment on the Bank's operations, 
measures to prevent conflicts of interest and actions necessary to ensure that the Bank operates in accordance with 
proper and sound business practices, with an aim of strengthening the credibility of and confidence in financial 
markets. The Data Protection Officer works independently from Compliance, in accordance with the letter of 
appointment from the Board of Directors.
Internal Audit
The internal audit function is a part of the Bank's organisational structure and constitutes one aspect of its internal 
oversight system. The role of the internal audit function is to provide independent and objective assurance and advice, 
which is intended to add value and improve the Bank's operations.
The internal audit function evaluates the functionality of the Bank's governance, risk management and internal 
controls, and thus supports the Bank in achieving its goals. The internal audit function covers all of the Bank's 
business units, including its subsidiaries, and pension funds managed and operated by the Bank.
The internal audit activity is accountable both administratively and functionally to the Board of Directors. The Board 
of Directors employs the chief audit executive, who annually confirms to the board the organisational independence 
of the internal audit activity. According to an external quality assessment, conducted in January 2019, and a self-
assessment based on The Internal Audit Ambition Model in the year 2020, the internal audit activity of the Bank 
generally conforms to the Standards, Definition of Internal Auditing and Code of Ethics, issued by the Institute of 
Internal Auditors.

--- Page 128 ---
125
Loan portfolio
The table below sets out details of the Group's loans and advances to financial institutions, as at 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019, classified by type of loan.
2020
2019
Bank accounts with financial institutions
15,141
26,438
Money market loans
32,210
20,379
Other loans
723
1,113
Allowance for impairment
(1)
(1)
Total
48,073
47,929
The table below sets out details of the Bank's loans and advances to customers at amortised cost, as at 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019.
31.12.2020
31.12.2019
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Allowance 
for 
impairment
Carrying 
amount
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Allowance 
for 
impairment
Carrying 
amount
Public entities
4,169
(41)
4,128
4,170
(35)
4,135
Individuals
593,984
(2,307)
591,677
470,096
(2,151)
467,945
Mortgage lending
519,470
(1,221)
518,249
392,753
(848)
391,905
Other
74,514
(1,086)
73,428
77,343
(1,303)
76,040
Corporates
683,233
(22,127)
661,106
666,122
(12,697)
653,425
Total
1.281,386
(24,475)
1,256,911
1.140,388
(14,883)
1,125,505
The following tables show the Group's maximum credit risk exposure at 31 December 2020, and 31 December 2019. 
For on-balance sheet assets, the exposures set out below are based on net carrying amounts as reported in the 
consolidated statement of financial position. Off-balance sheet amounts, in the tables below, are the maximum 
amounts the Group might have to pay for guarantees, loan commitments in their full amount, and undrawn overdraft 
and credit card facilities.
The Bank continues to use the ISAT 08 industrial classification of economic activities but has altered its own 
classification to include a special category for tourism, which was previously included under services. The category 
services, other than tourism, is subsumed under IT and telecommunications.

--- Page 129 ---
126
The table for year-end 2020 and year-end 2019 shows both gross carrying amount and ECL, by industry sectors, 
and the three stage criteria under IFRS 9. 
As at 31 December 2020
Financial 
institutio
ns
Public 
entities *
Individua
ls Fisheries
Real 
estate 
companie
s
Construc
tion 
companie
s
Travel 
industry
Services, 
ITC **
Retail
Manufact
ur-ing 
and 
energy
Holding 
companie
s
Agri-
culture
Other
Max-
imum 
exposure
Carrying
amount
Cash and balances with Central Ban
 -
67,604
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
67,604
67,604
Bonds and debt instruments
26
79,204
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
1,412
 -
4,560
22
 -
 -
85,224
119,330
1
 -
 -
41
 -
 -
1
1,655
1
49
16,286
 -
 -
18,034
26,808
Derivative instruments
3,000
 -
 -
15
2
134
 -
 -
71
 -
5
 -
75
3,302
3,303
Loans and advances to financial ins
48,073
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
48,073
48,073
Loans and advances to customers
 -
4,128
592,216
179,713
129,462
82,345
95,996
67,352
53,590
30,231
31,849
6,544
 - 1,273,426 1,273,426
Other assets
15,864
26
65
 -
2,430
1
 -
4,129
 -
 -
24
 -
1,375
23,914
25,633
66,964
150,962
592,281
179,769
131,894
82,480
95,997
74,548
53,662
34,840
48,186
6,544
1,450 1,519,577 1,564,177
139
6,953
32,240
18,294
14,836
43,786
16,948
17,495
20,504
14,223
2,539
292
38
188,287
138
44
645
7,188
1,461
4,395
2,762
2,716
2,640
1,379
665
1
35
24,069
Undrawn loan commitments    
 -
 -
 -
9,028
11,633
36,740
12,642
5,821
12,651
9,510
1,513
17
 -
99,555
Undrawn overdraft/credit card fac
1
6,909
31,595
2,078
1,742
2,651
1,544
8,958
5,213
3,334
361
274
3
64,663
67,103
157,915
624,521
198,063
146,730
126,266
112,945
92,043
74,166
49,063
50,725
6,836
1,488 1,707,864
3.9%
9.2%
36.6%
11.6%
8.6%
7.4%
6.6%
5.4%
4.3%
2.9%
3.0%
0.4%
0.1%
100%
* Public entities consist of central government, state-owned enterprises, Central Bank and municipalities.  
** ITC consists of corporations in the information, technology and communication industry sectors.
As at 31 December 2019
Financial 
institutio
ns
Public 
entities *
Individua
ls Fisheries
Real 
estate 
companie
s
Construc
tion 
companie
s
Travel 
industry
Services, 
ITC **
Retail
Manufact
ur-ing 
and 
energy
Holding 
companie
s
Agri-
culture
Other
Maximu
m 
exposure
Carrying
amount
Cash and balances with Central Ban
 -
69,824
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
69,824
69,824
Bonds and debt instruments
132
86,633
 -
 -
59
 -
 -
28
18
 -
 -
 -
617
87,487
115,262
1
 -
 -
32
 -
 -
 -
1,449
1
 -
15,508
49
399
17,439
30,019
Derivative instruments
2,202
 -
9
 -
12
 -
 -
 -
5
 -
363
 -
103
2,694
2,694
Loans and advances to financial ins
47,929
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
47,929
47,929
Loans and advances to customers
0
4,135
467,945
151,336
136,000
98,536
96,665
69,604
60,525
23,836
26,154
5,447
1 1,140,184 1,140,184
Other assets
11,120
26
76
 -
2,342
22
 -
3,453
2
4
30
 -
1,045
18,120
20,416
61,384
160,618
468,030
151,368
138,413
98,558
96,665
74,534
60,551
23,840
42,055
5,496
2,165 1,383,677 1,426,328
3,598
5,051
33,553
16,594
11,059
53,174
7,278
13,051
19,691
18,404
1,655
327
42
183,477
306
168
775
6,999
1,364
4,105
2,121
3,613
2,855
558
1,026
42
35
23,967
Undrawn loan commitments
 -
 -
 -
7,495
8,163
46,655
3,447
3,743
11,655
13,982
328
10
 -
95,478
Undrawn overdraft/credit card fac
3,292
4,883
32,778
2,100
1,532
2,414
1,710
5,695
5,181
3,864
301
275
7
64,032
64,982
165,669
501,583
167,962
149,472
151,732
103,943
87,585
80,242
42,244
43,710
5,823
2,207 1,567,154
4.1%
10.6%
32.0%
10.7%
9.6%
9.7%
6.6%
5.6%
5.1%
2.7%
2.8%
0.4%
0.1%
100.0%
* Public entities consist of central government, state-owned enterprises, Central Bank and municipalities.
** ITC consists of corporations in the information, technology and communication industry sectors.
Total on-balance sheet exposure
Off-balance sheet exposure
g
and 
Maximum exposure to credit risk
Percentage of maximum exposure 
Off-balance sheet exposure
g
and 
Maximum exposure to credit risk
Percentage of maximum exposure 
Corporates
Equities and equity instruments
Corporates
Equities and equity instruments
Total on-balance sheet exposure

--- Page 130 ---
127
The table below shows the gross carrying amount of loans and advances to financial institutions and customers by 
past due status as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
As at 31 December 2020
Gross
carrying
 amount
Gross
carrying
 amount
12-month
ECL
Gross
carrying
 amount
Lifetime
ECL
Gross
carrying
 amount
Lifetime
ECL
Allowance
for
impairment
Fair 
Value
Carrying
amount
Financial institutions
48,074
48,074
(1)
 -
 -
 -
 -
(1)
 -
48,073
Public entities
4,169
4,026
(39)
143
(2)
 -
 -
(41)
 -
4,128
Individuals
594,523
549,450
(415)
40,417
(1,022)
4,117
(870)
(2,307)
539
592,216
   Mortgages
519,470
487,781
(242)
28,954
(701)
2,735
(278)
(1,221)
 -
518,249
   Other
75,053
61,669
(173)
11,463
(321)
1,382
(592)
(1,086)
539
73,967
Corporates
699,209
535,653
(3,378)
112,012
(5,612)
35,568
(13,137)
(22,127)
15,976
677,082
   Fisheries
180,949
172,356
(678)
4,665
(153)
1,098
(405)
(1,236)
2,830
179,713
   Real estate companies
132,797
114,269
(788)
12,456
(646)
5,550
(1,901)
(3,335)
522
129,462
   Construction companies
84,827
67,399
(717)
14,014
(678)
3,302
(1,087)
(2,482)
112
82,345
   Travel industry
104,503
29,677
(479)
59,843
(3,624)
14,957
(4,404)
(8,507)
26
95,996
   Services, IT and communications
69,591
51,639
(302)
7,011
(198)
3,462
(1,739)
(2,239)
7,479
67,352
   Retail
54,990
46,893
(207)
4,440
(116)
1,910
(1,077)
(1,400)
1,747
53,590
   Manufacturing and energy
32,771
24,995
(45)
2,857
(67)
4,919
(2,428)
(2,540)
 -
30,231
   Holding companies
32,093
22,966
(147)
5,860
(93)
7
(4)
(244)
3,260
31,849
   Agriculture
6,688
5,459
(15)
866
(37)
363
(92)
(144)
 -
6,544
   Other
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
0
Total 
1,345,975 1,137,203
(3,833)
152,572
(6,636)
39,685
(14,007)
(24,476)
16,515 1,321,499
As at 31 December 2019
Gross
carrying
 amount
Gross
carrying
 amount
12-month
ECL
Gross
carrying
 amount
Lifetime
ECL
Gross
carrying
 amount
Lifetime
ECL
Allowance
for
impairment
Fair 
Value
Carrying
amount
Financial institutions
47,930
47,929
(1)
1
 -
 -
 -
(1)
 -
47,929
Public entities
4,170
4,058
(34)
112
(1)
 -
 -
(35)
 -
4,135
Individuals
470,096
429,012
(370)
35,587
(584)
5,497
(1,197)
(2,151)
 -
467,945
   Mortgages
392,753
364,991
(171)
24,492
(329)
3,270
(348)
(848)
 -
391,905
   Other
77,343
64,021
(199)
11,095
(255)
2,227
(849)
(1,303)
 -
76,040
Corporates
680,801
572,853
(1,986)
64,759
(1,393)
28,510
(9,318)
(12,697)
14,679
668,104
   Fisheries
151,792
143,576
(236)
4,959
(85)
598
(135)
(456)
2,659
151,336
   Real estate companies
138,174
120,626
(497)
12,606
(346)
4,942
(1,331)
(2,174)
 -
136,000
   Construction companies
100,213
78,562
(548)
19,208
(302)
2,443
(827)
(1,677)
 -
98,536
   Travel industry
99,971
77,768
(287)
10,859
(373)
9,547
(2,646)
(3,306)
1,798
96,665
   Services, IT and communications
71,203
54,686
(178)
4,949
(65)
3,530
(1,356)
(1,599)
8,038
69,604
   Retail
61,473
52,413
(101)
4,870
(133)
2,006
(715)
(949)
2,184
60,525
   Manufacturing and energy
26,151
16,332
(23)
4,815
(68)
5,004
(2,224)
(2,315)
 -
23,836
   Holding companies
26,284
24,277
(105)
1,928
(15)
78
(9)
(129)
 -
26,154
   Agriculture
5,539
4,613
(11)
564
(6)
362
(75)
(92)
 -
5,447
   Other
1
 -
 -
1
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
1
Total 
1,202,997 1,053,852
(2,391)
100,459
(1,978)
34,007
(10,515)
(14,884)
14,679 1,188,113
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Loans and advances by stage allocation (continued)

--- Page 131 ---
128
As at 31 December 2020
Not past 
due
1-5 
6-30
31-60 
61-90 
over 90 
Allowance
for
impairment
Carrying 
amount
Financial institutions
48,074
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
(1)
48,073
Public entities
4,169
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
(41)
4,128
Individuals
585,132
2,038
1,216
2,758
1,530
1,849
(2,307)
592,216
  Mortgages
514,190
 -
880
2,201
1,232
967
(1,221)
518,249
  Other
70,942
2,038
336
557
298
882
(1,086)
73,967
Corporates
670,335
3,757
4,428
1,575
3,361
15,753
(22,127)
677,082
   Fisheries
180,482
61
360
19
10
17
(1,236)
179,713
   Real estate companies
129,662
144
788
624
308
1,271
(3,335)
129,462
   Construction companies
80,973
126
2,234
128
37
1,329
(2,482)
82,345
   Travel industry
93,261
124
699
374
2,334
7,711
(8,507)
95,996
   Services, IT & communications
66,774
1,932
79
160
56
590
(2,239)
67,352
   Retail
53,494
194
174
238
584
306
(1,400)
53,590
   Manufacturing and energy
27,949
280
11
 -
31
4,500
(2,540)
30,231
   Holding companies
31,262
811
3
13
 -
4
(244)
31,849
   Agriculture
6,478
85
80
19
1
25
(144)
6,544
   Other
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
0
Total
1,307,710
5,795
5,644
4,333
4,891
17,602
(24,476) 1,321,499
As at 31 December 2019
Not past 
due
1-5 
6-30
31-60 
61-90 
over 90 
Allowance
for
impairment
Carrying 
amount
Financial institutions
47,930
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
(1)
47,929
Public entities
4,120
50
 -
 -
 -
 -
(35)
4,135
457,047
2,662
2,344
4,175
1,134
2,734
(2,151)
467,945
  Mortgages
385,776
 -
1,593
3,126
824
1,434
(848)
391,905
  Other
71,271
2,662
751
1,049
310
1,300
(1,303)
76,040
Corporations
652,881
4,413
5,195
4,269
2,504
11,539
(12,697)
668,104
   Fisheries
151,055
234
83
65
4
351
(456)
151,336
   Real estate companies
131,356
172
2,850
1,856
401
1,539
(2,174)
136,000
   Construction companies
98,426
293
214
427
90
763
(1,677)
98,536
   Travel industry
90,500
2,151
1,201
1,626
1,409
3,084
(3,306)
96,665
   Services, IT and communications
68,976
581
318
115
476
737
(1,599)
69,604
   Retail
59,672
684
467
67
72
512
(949)
60,525
   Manufacturing and energy
21,262
250
49
90
34
4,466
(2,315)
23,836
   Holding companies
26,242
9
9
17
3
3
(129)
26,154
   Agriculture
5,392
38
4
6
15
84
(92)
5,447
   Other
 -
1
 -
 -
 -
 -
 -
1
Total
1,161,978
7,125
7,539
8,444
3,638
14,273
(14,884) 1,188,113
             Gross carrying amount
Days past due
             Gross carrying amount
Days past due

--- Page 132 ---
129
The table below shows large exposures as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, after credit mitigation. As 
at 31 December 2020, four customer groups were rated as large exposures in accordance with the rules on large 
exposures. Customers are rated as large exposures if their total obligations, or those of financially or administrative 
connected parties, exceed 10 per cent. of the Group's eligible capital. According to these rules, no exposure, after 
credit risk mitigation, may exceed 25 per cent. of the eligible capital. 
As at 31 December 2020
Number of 
large 
exposures
Large 
exposures
Large exposures between 10% and 20% of the Group's eligible capital
3
104,514
Large exposures between 0% and 10% of the Group's eligible capital
1
7,134
Total
4
111,648
Total ratio of large exposures to eligible capital
40%
As at 31 December 2019
Large exposures between 10% and 20% of the Group's eligible capital
3
100,057
Large exposures between 0% and 10% of the Group's eligible capital
2
-
Total
5
100,057
Total ratio of large exposures to eligible capital
38%
Further information on the aforementioned tables is disclosed in the notes in the 2020 Financial Statements, which 
is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus.
Funding
The Bank is predominantly funded by three main sources: deposits from customers, market funding and equity.
Deposits from customers
The largest part of the Bank's funding is in the form of deposits from customers which amounted to ISK 793 billion 
at year-end 2020, mostly non-indexed and on demand. Deposits from customers increased by ISK 86 billion during 
the year 2020. Inflation-linked deposits amounted to ISK 126 billion at year end 2020, increasing by ISK 5 billion 
since the previous year.
EMTN issuance and other unsecured loans
The size of the Bank's EMTN programme is EUR 2 billion and was increased in size from EUR 1.5 billion during 
the year 2017. The inaugural issuance under the programme was made in Autumn 2015 with continued issuance on 
a regular basis to date. 
In February, the Bank issued a 4.25-year bond for EUR 300 million against a buy-back of bonds maturing in March 
2021 for EUR 300 million. In October, the Bank issued 3-year bonds for SEK 500 million and NOK 500 million.
In November bonds in the amount of SEK 2,600 million and NOK 300 million matured and the remaining 
outstanding principal was paid in full on the maturity date.
At year-end 2020 bond issuance in foreign currency amounted to ISK 212 billion, increasing by ISK 2 billion during 
the year. Other unsecured loans in foreign currency amounted to ISK 19 billion at the same time.

--- Page 133 ---
130
Covered bonds
The size of the programme for covered bond issuance is ISK 250 billion and was increased from ISK 200 billion in 
2020. The covered bond issuance is primarily intended to fund the bank's mortgage portfolio and to mitigate interest 
rate risk. Regular auctions of covered bonds were held in 2020 where previously issued bonds were tapped and two 
new bond series issued, one non-indexed series, LBANK CB 25, and one inflation linked, LBANK CBI 26. No 
covered bond series matured in 2020. Agreements with market makers in the secondary market for covered bonds 
were renewed in the year. At year-end outstanding covered bonds issuance amounted to ISK 189 billion, increasing 
by ISK 49 billion during the year 2020.
Commercial paper
No commercial paper auctions were held in 2020 under the ISK 50 billion debt issuance programme. Two series of 
commercial paper matured in 2020, in a total amount of ISK 3,640 million. There was no outstanding issuance of 
commercial paper at year-end 2020.
Subordinated bond issuance
Subordinated bond issuance under the bank's debt issuance programme amounted to ISK 5.5 billion at year-end and 
subordinated issuance under the bank's EMTN programme amounted to EUR 100 million at the same time. Both 
bond issues count as tier 2 capital and amounted to ISK 21.4 billion at year-end 2020, increasing by ISK 2.3 billion
from previous year.
Equity
The Bank's equity amounted to ISK 258 billion at year-end 2020, increasing by ISK 11 billion over the course of the 
year. The Bank paid no dividends to its shareholders in 2020. At year-end 2020 the Bank's total capital ratio was 25.1 
per cent.
Credit rating
The Bank's credit has been rated by the international rating agency Standard & Poor's from the beginning of 2014. 
In April 2020 the Bank's credit rating was lowered to BBB/A-2 with stable outlook.
Further information on the funding of the Bank is disclosed in the notes in the 2020 Financial Statements, which are 
incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus.
Risk management framework
Risk is inherent in the Group's activities and is managed through a process of on-going identification, measurement, 
management and monitoring, subject to risk limits and other controls. Risk identification involves finding the origins 
and structures of possible risk factors in the Group's operations and undertakings. Risk measurement entails 
measuring the identified risks for management and monitoring purposes. Finally, risk controls and limits promote 
compliance with rules and procedures, as well as adherence with the Group's risk appetite. 
The objective of the Group's risk policies and procedures is to ensure that the risks in its operations are detected, 
measured, monitored and effectively managed. Exposure to risks is managed to ensure that it will remain within 
limits and the risk appetite adopted by the Group will comply with regulatory requirements. To limit and manage 
fluctuations that might affect the Group's equity, liquidity and performance, the Group has adopted policies regarding 
the risk structure of its asset portfolio which are covered in more detail under each risk type.
Risk policy is implemented through the risk appetite, goal setting, business strategy, internal policies and limits that 
comply with the regulatory framework of the financial markets.

--- Page 134 ---
131
The Board of Directors of the Bank has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group's risk 
management framework, risk appetite and setting risk limits. The CEO is responsible for the effective implementation 
of the framework and risk appetite through the corporate governance structure and committees. The CEO is a 
Chairman of the Executive Board, the Risk & Finance Committee, the Credit Committee and the Project Committee.
The Credit Committee covers credit risk, including individual credit decisions, credit limits for customers and credit 
risk policy. The Risk & Finance Committee primarily covers market risk, liquidity risk and legal risk. The Risk & 
Finance Committee monitors the Group's overall risk position, is responsible for enforcing the Group's risk appetite 
and risk limits, and reviews and approves changes to risk models before presentation to the Board of Directors. The 
Executive Board serves as a forum for discussion about business opportunities and challenges, approves funding for 
larger projects, and serves as a decision-making platform on matters that do not fall under the remit of other 
committees. The Operational Risk Committee is a forum for discussion and decisions on operational risk issues and 
review of the effective implementation of the operational risk framework. The Project Committee selects, prioritises, 
oversees and supports the Group's bigger projects and digital transformation projects.
Risk appetite defines the type and extent of risk that management is willing to take to meet the Bank's business 
objectives. The Group has set itself objectives regarding financial position, asset quality, exposures and sustainable 
long-term profitability. In pursuit of its goals, the Group only takes on risks that it understands, and can measure, 
evaluate and manage. The Group's risk appetite is reviewed and revised at least annually.
The material risks which the Group is exposed to and that arise from financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity 
risk, market risk and operational risk. 
Credit Risk
Credit risk is mainly managed through the credit process and the Bank's credit risk models which include probability 
of default ("PD"), loss given default ("LGD") and exposure at default ("EAD"). These models are used for various 
purposes, such as in provisioning, calculating economic capital ("EC") and management reporting.
Credit risk identification
Credit risk is defined as the risk of loss if customers fail to fulfil contractual obligations and the estimated value of 
pledged collateral does not cover existing claims.
The Group's activities may give rise to risk at the time of settlement of transactions and trades. Settlement risk is the 
risk of loss due to the failure of an entity to honour its obligations to deliver cash, securities or other assets as 
contractually agreed. Settlement risk is deemed immaterial in the Group's operations.
Credit risk is the greatest single risk faced by the Group and arises principally from loans and advances to customers 
and from investments in debt securities and also from commitments, guarantees and documentary credits, 
counterparty credit risk in derivatives contracts and the aforementioned settlement risk.
Credit risk assessment
Credit risk is measured in three main dimensions: PD, LGD and EAD. To measure PD, the Group has developed an 
internal rating system, including a number of internally developed rating models. The objectives of the rating system 
are to provide a meaningful assessment of obligor characteristics; a meaningful differentiation of credit quality; and 
accurate and consistent quantitative estimates of default risk, i.e. PD. Internal ratings and associated PD are essential 
in the risk management and decision-making process, and in the credit approval and corporate governance functions.
The rating system has an obligor rating scale which reflects exclusively quantification of the risk of obligor default, 
or credit quality. The obligor rating scale has 10 rating grades for non-defaulted obligors going from '1' to '10', where 
'10' indicates the highest credit quality, and the grade '0' is used for defaulted obligors. The rating assignment is

--- Page 135 ---
132
supported by rating models, where information such as industry classification, financial accounts and payment 
behaviour is taken into account.
The rating assignment and approval is an integrated part of the credit approval process and assignment shall be 
updated at least annually, or when material information on the obligor or exposure becomes available, whichever is 
earlier.
The Bank's estimation and validation process includes quality controls to assess the performance of models, 
procedures and systems, and is designed to ensure the accuracy of the parameters through adjustments where 
necessary. 
The rating models are validated annually, both quantitatively and qualitatively. The quantitative validation includes 
statistical tests of the models' discriminatory power, i.e. the models' ability to distinguish default risk, and absolute 
accuracy, including the ability to predict default levels. 
The PD parameters are re-estimated and validated annually by a quantitative and qualitative assessment. The 
quantitative assessment includes statistical tests to ensure that the estimates remain valid when new data is added. 
PD estimates are based on observed default frequency in available internal data and adjusted to long term default 
frequencies through an add-on. The adjustment for the length of internal data available is embedded in the margin of 
conservatism which also includes an add-on to compensate for statistical uncertainty in the estimation.
LGD is measured using an internal LGD model for the purpose of EC calculations and provisioning. The internal 
LGD model takes into account more types of collateral and is more sensitive to the collateralisation level than model 
defined in the Basel framework, and is calibrated to historical loss data. 
Exposure at default ("EAD") is an estimate of the amount outstanding (drawn amounts plus likely future drawdowns 
of yet undrawn lines) in case the borrower defaults. The Group uses the standard approach for estimating risk 
exposure amount ("REA") and EC, but uses internal models for provisioning.
Credit risk management
The Bank's credit risk management objective is to ensure compliance with the Group's credit policy, which entails 
that the only risks taken are the ones that the Bank understands, can evaluate, measure and manage.
The Group's credit risk management is based on active monitoring by the Board of Directors, the CEO, the Risk & 
Finance Committee, the Credit Committee, the credit departments within the Risk Management Division and the 
business units. The Group manages credit risk according to its risk appetite statement and credit policy approved by 
the Board of Directors, as well as detailed credit policies approved by the CEO. The risk appetite and credit policy 
include limits on large exposures to individual borrowers or groups of borrowers, concentration of risk and exposure 
to certain industries. The CEO ensures that the risk policy is reflected in the Group's internal framework of regulations 
and guidelines. The Bank's Managing Directors are responsible for ensuring that the Bank's business units execute 
the risk policy appropriately and the CEO is responsible for the oversight of the process as a whole.
Incremental credit authorisation levels are defined based on size of units, types of customers and lending experience 
of credit officers. The Group has also set industry policies that describe its appetite to provide credit to specific 
industries. Credit decisions exceeding authorisation levels of business units are subject to confirmation by Credit 
Management, a department within Risk Management. The Corporate Banking Credit Committee has authorisation 
levels exceeding that of individual business unit managers and meets regularly to make credit decisions. Credit 
Management has veto powers over the decisions of the Corporate Banking Credit Committee. Credit decisions 
exceeding the signing limits of the Corporate Banking Credit Committee are subject to approval by the Bank's Credit 
Committee. Credit decisions exceeding the limits of the Credit Committee are subject to approval by the Board of 
Directors, which holds the highest credit authorisation within the Bank.

--- Page 136 ---
133
Credit risk mitigation 
Mitigating risk in the credit portfolio is a key element of the Group's credit policy as well as being an inherent part 
of the credit-decision process. Securing loans with collateral is the main method of mitigating credit risk whereas for 
some loan products, collateral is required by legislation, as in the mortgage finance market, or is standard market 
practice.
The most important types of collateral are real estate, vessels and financial assets (shares or bonds).
The amount and type of collateral required depends on an assessment of the credit risk associated with the 
counterparty. Valuation parameters and the acceptability of different types of collateral are defined in the Group's 
credit policy. Credit extended by the Group may be secured on residential or commercial properties, land, listed and 
unlisted securities, transport vessels, fishing vessels together with their non-transferable fishing quotas, etc. The 
Group also secures its loans by means of receivables, inventory and operating assets, such as machinery and 
equipment. Residential mortgages involve the underlying residential property. Less stringent requirements are set for 
securing short-term personal loans, such as overdrafts and credit card borrowings.
The Group regularly assesses the market value of received collateral. The Group estimates the value as the market 
value less a haircut. A haircut in this context is a discount factor which represents a conservative estimate of the costs 
to sell in a forced sale. Costs to sell include maintenance costs during the period the asset is held for sale, external 
fees and loss in value. For listed securities, haircuts are calculated with an internal model based on variables, such as 
price volatility and marketability.
The Group monitors the market value of mark-to-market collateral and may require additional collateral in 
accordance with the underlying loan agreements.
In order to further limit the credit risk arising from financial instruments, the Group enters into netting agreements, 
under which the Group is able to set off all contracts covered by the netting agreement against the debt in cases of 
default. The arrangements generally include all market transactions between the Bank and the customer. 
Generally, collateral is not held over loans and advances to financial institutions, nor is it usually held against bonds 
and debt instruments. 
The Group includes all collateral to which a value is assigned in accordance with its internal procedures. Guarantees 
are included if they imply lower risk weights than the original exposure. In addition, collateral is volatility-adjusted 
(by means of a haircut) in order to take price volatility and the expected costs of repossession and sale of the pledge 
into account.
Derivative financial instruments and securities financing
In order to mitigate credit risk arising from derivatives and securities financing transactions, the Group chooses the 
counterparties for derivatives and margin trading based on stringent requirements. The Group also enters into 
standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") master netting agreements and similar general 
netting agreements with financial counterparties. Collateral and margin requirements are in place for all derivative 
contracts the Group enters into. Collateral management and monitoring is performed daily and derivative contracts 
with clients are usually fully hedged.
The Group's supervision system monitors both derivatives exposure and collateral value and calculates an intraday 
credit equivalent value for each derivative. It also issues margin calls and manages netting agreements.
In the case of derivatives, amounts due to and from the Group are offset when the Group has a legally enforceable 
right to set off a recognised amount and intends either to settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the 
liability simultaneously. External ratings are used where applicable to assist in managing the credit risk exposure of 
bonds. Otherwise, the Group uses fair value estimates based on available information and the Group's own estimates.

--- Page 137 ---
134
Credit risk control and monitoring
The Group has set limits for large exposures as well as policies for exposure ratio for different portfolios to control 
the credit risk in the Group's credit portfolio and ensure risk diversification. The credit risk decision process is 
controlled with limits set in the Group's Credit rules approved by the Board of Directors. The rules set the limit for 
each credit decision within the Group where the credit approval authority is based on the underlying credit risk 
measured by exposure size, credit rating and colour classification code. 
The credit risk monitoring process is based on regular reporting, monitoring systems and other manual monitoring. 
There is increased monitoring for significant exposures and for customers with indications of financial difficulties. 
One of the integral parts of the credit risk monitoring process is the Early Warning System.
The Group monitors exposures to identify signs of weakness in customer earnings and liquidity, or other issues that 
could increase the Group's credit risk, as soon as possible. To monitor customers, the Group uses an Early Warning 
System, which is supplemental to ratings and classifies credit exposures to four credit risk groups (green, yellow, 
orange and red). The colour classification is as follows:

Green: the customer is considered as performing without signs of repayment problems;

Yellow: the customer shows indication of deteriorating financial strength, which could lead to financial 
difficulties;

Orange: the customer is or has been in financial difficulties or default; and

Red: the customer is in default and in legal collection and/or restructuring. 
The Credit Risk Department within Risk Management is together with the business units responsible for the colour 
classification of customers.
Impairment process
As of 1 January 2018, the Group implemented the three-stage expected credit loss model under IFRS 9. Allowance 
is calculated as the 12-month expected credit loss or the lifetime expected credit loss. Expected credit losses depend 
on whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not increased 
significantly, the loss allowance equals the expected credit losses resulting from loss events that are possible within 
the next 12 months (Stage 1). If the credit risk has increased significantly, the allowance measured equals the lifetime 
expected credit losses (Stage 2 and 3). When determining whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has 
increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group will consider reasonable and supportable information that 
is relevant and available without undue cost and effort, including both quantitative and qualitative information.
The ECL is calculated for all loans as a function of PD, EAD and LGD, and is discounted using the effective interest 
rate ("EIR") and incorporates forward-looking information. The forward-looking information reflects the 
expectations of the Valuation Team and the Bank's Economic Research department and involves the creation of 
scenarios of relevant economic variables, including an assessment of the probability for each scenario.
Staging and ECL estimation for individually significant loans is done manually on a quarterly basis. When assessing 
individually significant loans manually, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant 
and available without undue cost and effort, including both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis 
based on the Group's historical experience, expert credit assessment and forward-looking information. Only Stage 3 
loans are manually estimated for ECL.
The Group recognises loss allowances for ECL on the following financial instruments that are not measured at fair 
value through (i) profit or loss ("FVTPL"): 

Cash and balances with Central Bank,

--- Page 138 ---
135

Bonds and debt instruments,

Loans and advances to financial institutions 

Loans and advances to customers

Off-balance sheet exposures:
o
Financial guarantees and underwriting commitments
o
Undrawn loan commitments and 
o
Undrawn overdraft/credit card facilities. 
When measuring ECL, the Group uses a forward-looking model in compliance with IFRS 9. This requires 
considerable judgement over how changes in economic factors affect ECL. ECL reflects the present value of cash 
shortfalls due to possible default events either over the following twelve months or over the expected lifetime of a 
financial instrument, depending on credit deterioration from inception.
The Credit Risk Department is responsible for assessing impairment on loans and receivables and a Valuation Team, 
comprised of the CEO, the managing directors of Finance, Risk Management, Corporate Banking and Personal 
Banking, reviews and approves the assessment.
In general, all impairment charges are loan-specific based on the aforementioned ECL models. If needed, the 
Valuation Team can assess and issue additional general impairment charges on the loan portfolio as a whole or parts 
of it.
Total allowance for impairment was ISK 25.3 billion, at year-end 2020, compared to ISK 15.2 billion at end of year 
2019. Allowances thus increased during 2020. The increase in ECL is primarily due to increases in PD values, both 
point-in-time and lifetime PD, due to deteriorating credit quality of a part of the corporates loan portfolio and less 
favourable economic scenarios. These changes lead to increased ECL as well as increased transfers from Stage 1 to 
Stage 2. Finally, there is also an increase in ECL in Stage 3, primarily in the travel industry, both due to new defaults 
and an increase in ECL for previously defaulted customers. Details on the development of ECL during the year can 
be found in note 67 in the Bank's annual financial statement for 2020. Further information can be found in the year-
end 2020 Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is identified as one of the Group's key risk factors. Accordingly, great emphasis is put on liquidity risk 
management within the Bank, which is both reflected in the risk appetite of the Group as well as in internal liquidity 
management policies and rules.
A liquidity policy for the Group is in place and is formulated by the Risk and Finance Committee. The objective of 
the liquidity management policy is to ensure that sufficient liquid assets and funding capacity are available to meet 
financial obligations and sustain withdrawals of confidence sensitive deposits in a timely manner and at a reasonable 
cost, even in times of stress.
The policy aims to ensure that the Group does that by maintaining an adequate level of unencumbered, high-quality 
liquid assets that can be converted into cash, even in times of stress. The Group has also implemented stringent stress 
tests that have a realistic basis in the Bank's operating environment to further measure the Bank's ability to withstand 
different and adverse scenarios of stressed operating environments. 
The Group's liquidity risk is managed centrally by Treasury and is monitored by the Market Risk department. This 
allows management to monitor and manage liquidity risk throughout the Group. The Risk & Finance Committee 
monitors the Group's liquidity risk, while the Internal Audit assesses whether the liquidity management process is 
designed properly and operating effectively.
The Group monitors intraday liquidity risk, short-term 30-day liquidity risk, liquidity risk for one year horizon and 
risk arising from mismatches of longer-term assets and liabilities.

--- Page 139 ---
136
The Group's liquidity management process includes: 

projecting expected cash flows in a maturity profile rather than relying merely on contractual maturities and 
monitoring balance sheet liquidity;

monitoring and managing the maturity profile of liabilities and off-balance sheet commitments;

monitoring the concentration of liquidity risk in order to avoid undue reliance on large financing counterparties 
projecting cash flows arising from future business; and

maintaining liquidity and contingency plans which outline measures to take in the event of difficulties arising 
from a liquidity crisis.
The liquidity management policy is built on international standards on liquidity risk measurements developed by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision e.g. the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") and net stable funding ratio 
("NSFR") and it also applies measurements that best suit the operating environment of the Bank. 
Various stress tests have been constructed to try to efficiently model how different scenarios affect the Group's 
liquidity position and liquidity risk. The stress tests are based on the Group's balance sheet mixture as well as taking 
the Group's current operating environment into account. The Group's own subjective views, historical trends and 
expert opinion are key factors in constructing the stress tests. The Group also performs other internal stress tests that 
may vary from time to time.
The Group complies with the liquidity Rules set by the Central Bank No. 266/2017. The liquidity rules are based on 
the liquidity requirements set forth in the CRD IV/CRR framework, which was fully implemented in Iceland in 2017 
(Regulation No. 233/2017). Rules No. 266/2017 requires the Group to maintain a LCR minimum of 100 per cent. 
total, 100 per cent. for foreign currencies and 30 per cent. for ISK. Rules No. 1032/2014 sets requirements for a 
minimum of 100 per cent. NSFR in foreign currencies. As mentioned above, the Group also complies with Rules No. 
1032/2014 on funding set by the Central Bank including the guidelines No. 2/2010 from the FSA on best practice for 
managing liquidity in banking organisation. The guidelines further promote sound management and supervision of 
liquidity within the Group which is reflected in the Group's risk appetite and internal processes and policies. The 
Group submits regular reports on its liquidity position to the Central Bank and the FSA.
The table below sets out the Bank's LCR as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 respectively:
LCR – Total
LCR – FX
NSFR – FX
As at 31 December 2020
154%
424%
123%
As at 31 December 2019
161%
769%
143%
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices will adversely impact the fair value or future cash flows of 
financial instruments. Market risk arises from open positions in currency, equities and interest rate products, all of 
which are exposed to general and specific market movements and changing volatility levels in market rates and 
prices, for instance in interest rates, inflation, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The majority of the Group's 
exposures that entail market risk consist of equities, equity derivatives bonds, fixed income products and open 
currency positions.
The Board of Directors is responsible for determining the Group's overall risk appetite, including market risk. The 
CEO of the Bank appoints the Risk & Finance Committee, which is responsible for developing detailed market risk 
management policies and setting market risk limits. Treasury and the Market Making department within Markets are 
responsible for managing market-related positions under the supervision of the Market Risk unit within Risk

--- Page 140 ---
137
Management. The objective of market risk management is to identify, locate and monitor market risk exposures and 
analyse and report to appropriate parties. Together, the risk appetite of the Group and the market risk policies set the 
overall limits that govern market risk management within the Group. 
Market risk monitoring and reporting is governed by the Risk & Finance Committee and implemented by the Market 
Risk department.
The aim of the market risk management process is to quickly detect and correct deficiencies in compliance with 
policies, processes and procedures. The Group monitors early indicators that can provide warning of an increased 
risk of future losses. Market risk indicators need to be concise, reported in a timely manner, give clear signals, 
highlight portfolio risk concentrations and reflect current risk positions. The risk reports show the Group's total risk 
in addition to summarising risk concentration in different business units and asset classes, as well as across other 
attributes such as currencies, interest rates and counterparties. Market risks arising from trading and non-trading 
activities are measured, monitored and reported on a daily, weekly and monthly basis, and the detailed limits set by 
the Risk & Finance Committee are monitored by Market Risk.
Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is managed principally by monitoring interest rate gaps. Interest rate risk is managed centrally within 
the Group by the Treasury of the Bank and is monitored by the Market Risk Department. 
Sensitivity analysis for trading portfolios
The management of market risk in the trading book is supplemented by monitoring sensitivity of the trading 
portfolios to various scenarios in equity prices and interest rates.
Sensitivity analysis for non-trading portfolios
The management of interest rate risk is supplemented by monitoring the sensitivity of financial assets and liabilities 
to various interest rate scenarios. The Group employs a monthly stress test of the interest rate risk in the Group's 
banking book by measuring the impact on profit of shifting the interest rate curves for every currency. The 
magnitudes of the shifts are based on guidelines from the European Banking Authority and the FSA, taking historical 
interest rate volatility into account.
CPI indexation risk (all portfolios)
To mitigate the Group's imbalance in its CPI-indexed assets and liabilities, the Bank offers non-CPI-indexed loans 
and CPI-indexed deposits. CPI indexation risk is managed centrally by the Treasury of the Bank and is monitored by 
the Market Risk Department.
Management of the Group's CPI indexation risk is supplemented by monitoring the sensitivity of the Bank's overall 
position in CPI-indexed financial assets and liabilities net on-balance sheet to various inflation/deflation scenarios.
Currency risk (all portfolios)
The Bank complies with the Rules No. 784/2018 on Foreign Exchange Balances, as set by the Central Bank. The 
rules stipulate that an institution's foreign exchange balance (whether long or short) must always be within 10 per 
cent. of the Bank's capital base, in each currency and for all currencies combined. Furthermore, the Bank's total 
foreign exchange balance (whether long or short) shall not exceed ISK 25 billion. The Group submits daily and 
monthly reports to the Central Bank with information on its foreign exchange balance.
Operational risk management
Whereas the executive managing director of each division is responsible for that division's operational risk, the daily 
management of operational risk is in the hands of general managers of each department. The Bank establishes,

--- Page 141 ---
138
maintains and co-ordinates its operational risk management framework at a group level. This framework complies 
with the Basel Committee's 2011 publication "Principles for the Sound Management of Operational Risk". The Bank 
ensures that operational risk management stays consistent throughout the Bank by upholding a system of prevention 
and control that entails detailed procedures, permanent supervision and insurance policies, together with active 
monitoring by the Internal Audit Department. By managing operational risk in this manner, the Bank intends to 
ensure that all the Bank's business units are kept aware of any operational risks, that a robust monitoring system 
remains in place and that controls are implemented efficiently and effectively. 
In an operational context, the Bank activated the relevant business continuity plans due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The continuity plan for a pandemic scenario was activated in order to safeguard business continuity and continue 
providing services to customers in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. In this way, the functionality of both the 
headquarters of the Bank and the network of commercial branches and digital channels has been maintained. The 
current situations led to an increase in the use of alternatives to physical presence in banking transactions, such as 
the Bank's website and applications. The Bank has been able to continue its operations using remote working at scale 
with the Bank's information technology and communications infrastructure supporting this remote work aided 
through prior testing of the relevant business continuity plans.
Capital Adequacy
The Group's capital management policies and practices ensure that the Group has sufficient capital to cover the risk 
associated with its activities on a consolidated basis. The capital management framework of the Group comprises 
four interdependent areas: capital assessment, risk appetite/capital target, capital planning and reporting/monitoring. 
The Group regularly monitors and assesses its risk profile in key business areas on a consolidated basis and for the 
most important risk types. Risk appetite sets out the level of risk the Group is willing to take in pursuit of its business 
objectives.
The Group's capital requirements are defined in Icelandic law and regulations, on the one hand, and by the FSA, on 
the other. The requirements are based on the European legal framework for capital requirements (CRD IV and CRR) 
implementing the Basel III capital framework. The regulatory minimum capital requirement under Pillar I of the 
Basel framework is 8 per cent. of Risk Exposure Amount ("REA") for credit risk, market risk and operational risk. 
In conformity with Pillar II R requirements of the Basel framework, the Group annually assesses its own capital 
needs through the internal capital adequacy assessment process ("ICAAP"). The ICAAP results are subsequently 
reviewed by the FSA in the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"). The Group's minimum capital 
requirement, as determined by the FSA, is the sum of Pillar I and Pillar II-R requirements.
In addition to the minimum capital requirement, the Group is required by law to maintain certain capital buffers 
determined by the FSA, which may, depending on the situation, be based on recommendations from the FSC23. The 
FSC has defined the Group as a systemically important financial institution in Iceland. 
One of the measures taken by the Central Bank in March 2020 to deal with the expected impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic was to lower the Countercyclical capital buffer to zero, resulting in lower combined buffer requirements 
and total capital requirements. The Group's Total Capital Requirement is reduced from 20.5 per cent. to 18.8 per cent. 
as a result of this reduction of the countercyclical capital buffer.
The Group's most recent capital requirements, as determined by the FSA, are as follows (as a percentage of REA):
CET1
Tier 1
Total
Pillar I
4.5%
6.0%
8.0%
                                                       
23 Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (FSC)

--- Page 142 ---
139
Pillar II R
1.9%
2.6%
3.4%
Minimum requirement under Pillar I and Pillar II-R 
6.4%
8.6%
11.4%
Systemic risk buffer
2.88%
2.88%
2.88%
Capital buffer for systemically important institutions
2.00%
2.00%
2.00%
Countercyclical capital buffer 
0.00%
0.00%
0.00%
Capital conservation buffer
2.50%
2.50%
2.50%
Combined buffer requirement 
7.38%
7.38%
7.38%
Total Capital Requirement
13.8%
16.0%
18.8%

The combined buffer requirement ("CBR") shall be met in full with Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") capital

Tier 1 capital is the sum of CET1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital

Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital
The Group's capital target is based on the current regulatory capital requirement of 13.8% CET1 and 18.8% total 
capital ratio. In addition, the Group defines a management buffer for the purpose of targeting and managing its capital 
position comfortably above the overall regulatory capital requirement. Determination of the management buffer is 
based on various current and forward-looking factors such as the economic and funding outlook, competitive issues, 
risk profile and business plan. The Group also aims to be in the highest category for risk-adjusted capital ratio, as 
determined and measured by the relevant credit rating agencies.
As at 31 December 2020, the Group's total capital ratio was 25.1%, compared to 25.8% as at 31 December 2019. As 
at 31 December 2020, the Group's total CET 1 ratio was 23.2%, compared to 23.9% as at 31 December 2019. Further 
information can be found in note 47 in the 2020 Financial Statements.
Litigation
The Bank and its subsidiaries are from time-to-time party to litigation cases, which arise due to the nature of its 
business. The Bank has formal controls and policies for managing legal claims. Once professional advice has been 
obtained and estimations on any possible amount have been made, the Bank takes the necessary steps to mitigate any 
adverse effects which the claims may have on its financial standing. Below is a description of pending or threatened 
proceedings against the Bank which may have a significant effect on the Bank's financial position or profitability if 
not ruled in favour of the Bank. 
In April 2020, a former owner of a payment card company brought a case against the Bank and other financial 
undertakings claiming tort liability in the amount of around ISK 923 million, plus interest, due to an alleged breach 
of competition rules in the determination of payment card interchange fees. This is the fifth case that has been brought 
before the courts for this purpose, but all previous cases have been dismissed. The Bank claims the case should again 
be dismissed and rejects all claims of the plaintiff. In November 2020 the District Court of Reykjavik (the "District 
Court") dismissed this new case on grounds of insufficient substantiation. The plaintiff has appealed the decision to 
the Appeal Court, Landsréttur. 
In September 2018, the Icelandic Bankers' Pension Fund commenced litigation against the Bank, the Icelandic 
Central Bank, the Icelandic State and certain companies and associations. The Pension Fund demands that an

--- Page 143 ---
140
agreement on the settlement of obligations of the then participating companies from 1997 be amended such that, 
firstly, the defendants shall pay a total of around ISK 5,600 million to the Pension Fund, out of which the Bank shall 
pay around ISK 4,100 million, and, secondly, that the defendants shall guarantee the obligations of the Pension Fund's 
Rate Department (Hlutfallsdeild) which are higher than its assets at any time. On 24 April 2019 the District Court 
decided to dismiss all claims against the Bank due to procedural reasons. On 6 June 2019 the Appeal Court 
invalidated the decision of the District Court and ordered the case to be brought again before the District Court for 
substantive resolution. In November 2020 the District Court approved requests for the appointment of an assessor to 
evaluate certain actuarial issues regarding the case. The case has been postponed until 28 January 2021.
In March 2019, an Irish company commenced litigation before a German court claiming payment in the amount of 
around EUR 3,9 million (around ISK 610 million) plus interest due to alleged damages that the Irish company 
maintains that the Bank caused the company in connection with the insolvency of a German company. The Irish 
company maintains that loans provided by Landsbanki Íslands in 2005 to a group of companies including the German 
company and in 2014 by the Bank to the German company caused the insolvency of the German company, and that 
the Bank, in order to strengthen the position of the Bank, opposed the representatives of the German company to file 
for bankruptcy in 2013. The Irish company maintains that the Bank thereby caused other lenders of the German 
company, including the Irish company, to suffer damages. At the end of December 2020, the Bank, the Irish company 
and the trustee on behalf of the bankruptcy estate signed an agreement providing for a settlement between the parties 
in all disputes concerning the bankruptcy estate. The settlement provides, inter alia, that the Irish company withdraws 
and cancels the subpoena. It is expected that the subpoena will be formally cancelled during the first quarter of 2021. 
In 2018, the Bank made allowance for expected losses relating to the loans. The settlement will not involve further 
losses for the Bank.
In January 2017, the Bank commenced proceedings before the District Court against BPS ehf., Eignarhaldsfélagið 
Borgun slf., Borgun hf. and the then CEO of Borgun hf. The Bank considers the defendants to have been in possession 
of information about the shareholding of Borgun in Visa Europe Ltd. at the time when the Bank sold its 31.2 per 
cent. shareholding in Borgun hf. that they failed to disclose to the Bank. The Bank demands acknowledgement of 
the defendants' liability for losses incurred by the Bank on these grounds. The defendants have submitted their written 
defences, responding to the substance of the Bank's pleadings. At the request of the Bank, the District Court ruled on 
10 September 2018 on the appointment of assessors to evaluate certain issues regarding Borgun's Annual Accounts.
The assessors delivered their assessment on 22 October 2019. The assessors concluded, inter alia, that information 
on the existence of an option to buy and sell holdings of Borgun in Visa Europe Ltd to Visa Inc., the terms of the 
option and possible payments to Borgun based on the option had been of relevance for the drawing up, presentation 
and therefore the audit of the Annual Accounts of Borgun for the year 2013. Borgun should have provided 
information in its Annual Accounts for 2013 on its holding in Visa Europe Ltd. and that Borgun was a principal 
member of Visa Europe Ltd. Borgun should have informed about the option in the Annual Accounts for 2013 in 
accordance with the provisions of the international financial reporting standard IFRS 7 and informed about the 
uncertainty relating to the option in the Report of the Board of Directors in accordance with the Act on Annual 
Accounts No. 3/2006. Moreover, the assessors conclude that the Annual Accounts of Borgun for the year 2013 did 
not fulfil all requirements of the Act on Annual Accounts and of international financial reporting standards as 
approved by the European Union at the time. At a hearing on 24 January 2020, Borgun and another defendant 
presented a request for the appointment of new assessors to review the assessment. On 29 June 2020 the District 
Court appointed re-assessors. The case has been postponed until the report has been completed.
Competition
The Icelandic competitive landscape is comprised of four commercial banks, four savings banks, and four credit 
undertakings. The financials market also includes nine investment firms, one securities brokerage and nine

--- Page 144 ---
141
management companies of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities ("UCITS")24. In addition, 
the HCA, a fully state-owned mortgage lender, offers financing for residential housing in Iceland (see "Financial 
Markets in Iceland - Market participants"). There is substantial competition for the types of banking and other 
products and services the Bank provides. Such competition is affected by various factors such as, consumer demand, 
technological changes, new entrants, regulatory actions and impact of consolidation. 
The Bank's main competitors are the other large commercial banks in Iceland, Íslandsbanki, Arion Bank, Kvika Bank, 
Icelandic pension funds and the HCA. With the recovery of the Icelandic economy, demand for new lending and 
other financial products has increased. The Bank is subject to considerable regulatory scrutiny that can hinder 
competitiveness, in particular vis-à-vis Fintech firms, which are not subject to the same regulatory burden. Within
the next couple of years, Iceland is expected to implement PSD2, which enables banks' customers, both consumers 
and businesses, to use third party providers to manage their finances. Banks, however are obligated to provide these 
third-party providers access to their customers' accounts through open application program interface ("API"), which 
enables third-parties to build financial service on top of banks' data and infrastructure. It is likely that this will 
introduce increased competition. An emerging source of competition for the Bank comes from smaller specialised 
institutions, such as Fintech companies and shadow banking, where online solutions may have greater impact on the 
market. 
The Icelandic pension funds have also become more active competitors in recent years after they started increasing 
their mortgage lending to the public. The pension funds also provide competition for deposits, as a proportion of an 
individual's savings (proportion of persons' salary and contribution from employers) are held in pension funds rather 
than in bank deposits, since it is required to do so by law. Furthermore, foreign banks are creating competition in the 
Icelandic corporate market with loan offerings to larger companies. If merger activity among smaller financial 
institutions manages to produce larger, better capitalised companies that are able to offer a wider array of products 
and services at more competitive prices, competition may intensify even further in the coming years. 
The Bank will continue to offer a full range of specialised financial services to individuals, corporate entities and 
institutions, as well as work on further product developments to meet consumer demands and face increased 
competition from domestic competitors, as well as foreign banks potentially seeking to establish operations in 
Iceland. 
The AGM of the Bank held on 14 April 2016 entrusted the Board of Directors to add to its protocols provisions on 
the competitive independence of the Bank towards other state- owned commercial banks. 
                                                       
24 Source: Central Bank of Iceland -Financial Supervision: https://en.fme.is/supervision/supervised-entities/

--- Page 145 ---
142
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Senior Management and Directors of the Bank, their functions and their 
principal outside activities (if any) are as follows:
Name
Function
Principal Outside Activities
Senior Management
Ms. Lilja Björk Einarsdóttir
CEO
Member of the executive board and 
the board of SA Confederation of 
Icelandic Enterprise. 
Board member of Icelandic 
Financial Services Association, 
Háskólasjóður Eimskipafélags 
Íslands and Viðskiptaráð (e. The 
Iceland Chamber of Commerce).
Mr. Arinbjörn Ólafsson
Managing Director of 
Information Technology ("IT")
Board member of Flygildi ehf.,
Aðgerðarannsóknafélag Íslands, 
Motus ehf. and Greiðslumiðlun 
Íslands ehf.
Mr. Árni Þór Þorbjörnsson
Managing Director of 
Corporate Banking
Board member of Motus ehf. And 
Greiðslumiðlun Íslands ehf. 
Mr. Helgi Teitur Helgason
Managing Director of Personal 
Banking
N/A
Ms. Hrefna Ösp Sigfinnsdóttir
Managing Director of Asset 
Management and Capital 
Markets and leads the division 
Community on behalf of the 
banks Directors
N/A
Mr. Hreiðar Bjarnason
Managing Director of Finance 
("CFO") and deputy CEO
N/A 
Ms. Perla Ösp Ásgeirsdóttir
Managing Director of Risk 
Management, CRO
N/A
Board of Directors
Ms. Helga Björk Eiríksdóttir
Chairman
General Manager and Board 
Member of Integrum ehf.
Board Member of Budz Boot Camp 
ehf.
General Manager and Alternate 
Board Member of Förli ehf.
Ms. Berglind Svavarsdóttir
Board Member
Attorney and partner at Reykjavík 
Law Firm.
Chairman of the Board of Icelandic 
Bar Association.

--- Page 146 ---
143
Name
Function
Principal Outside Activities
Owner and board member of 
Lögfræðiþjónusta BS slf. 
Ms. Elín Jónsdóttir
Board Member
Director of the Faculty of Law at 
Bifröst Universty (Ice. Háskólinn á 
Bifröst). Chairman of the Board of 
Arnrún íbúðafélags hses. 
Mr. Guðbrandur Sigurðsson
Board Member
CEO of Borgarplast hf.
Board member of Málmsteypa 
Þorgríms Jónssonar ehf.
Director of the board of Reykjavík 
Creamery ehf. and Talnakönnun hf.
General Manager and Board 
member of Nýland ehf. and Nýgildi 
slf.
Ms. Guðrún Ó. Blöndal
Alternate
CEO of Nasdaq CSD from 2013-
2018.
Board Member of Eimskipafélag 
Íslands hf.
Mr. Helgi Friðjón Arnarson
Board Member
Board member of Maurholt ehf.
Mr. Thorvaldur Jacobsen
Board Member
Executive Vice President of System 
Operations and IT at Landsnet.
Alternate Board member of 
Sunnuvegur 13 ehf.
Ms.Sigríður Olgeirsdóttir
Alternate
Division manager at Valka ehf. 
Board member of Opin kerfi hf. and 
OK hýsing ehf. 
Mr. Sigurður Jón Björnsson
Alternate
CFO at the Housing Financing Fund 
"HCA" from 2011-2017. 
The business address of each of the Senior Management and Directors above is Austurstræti 11, 155 Reykjavík, 
Iceland.
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties of the Senior Management and Directors above and 
their private interests and/or other duties, other than a potential conflict arising out of one of the following: 

board member, Ms. Guðrún Ó Blöndal is a board member of listed company Eimskipafélag Íslands hf. She 
will have to recede from the board of directors meeting if any issues relating to the aforementioned company 
is on the agenda.

--- Page 147 ---
144

alternates to the Board of Directors, Mr. Sigurður Jón Björnsson, being the brother of one of the heads of a 
business unit in Corporate Banking, Mr. Davíð Björnsson.

--- Page 148 ---
145
THE REPUBLIC OF ICELAND
Geography and Environment
Iceland is one of the Nordic countries, located in the North Atlantic between Greenland and Scotland. The main 
island, which lies south of the Arctic Circle, covers a land area of some 103,000 square kilometres and a 200-
nautical-mile exclusive economic zone ("EEZ") extending over 758,000 square kilometres in the surrounding 
waters. This makes Iceland the second largest island in Europe and the third largest in the Atlantic Ocean. The 
country is one of the world's most sparsely populated countries. The inhabited areas are on the coast, particularly 
in the southwest; the central highlands are totally uninhabited. Reykjavík is the capital of Iceland and it is the 
most northern capital in the world. It is situated in the south-western region and is inhabited by two-thirds of 
the country's population, making it the largest city in Iceland.
Iceland is rich in natural resources such as abundant hydroelectric and geothermal energy resources and also 
fishing grounds around the island. The country is volcanically and geologically active and is the world's largest 
electricity producer per capita, due to its geothermal and hydroelectric energy sources. The interior consists 
mainly of a plateau characterised by sand and lava fields, mountains and glaciers, while many glacial rivers 
flow to the sea through the lowlands. Iceland's climate is subpolar oceanic, meaning it has cold winters and cool 
summers, although the winters are milder than most places of similar latitude thanks to the Gulf Stream, which 
ensures a more temperate climate to coastal areas all year round.
History
The recorded history of Iceland began in the ninth century when settlers of Norse and Celtic origin came to the 
island. In the year 930, the settlers established their central parliament or thing. It was given the name Althingi
which simply means general assembly. The parliament is a general legislative and judicial assembly which still 
convenes today and is believed to be the world's oldest national assembly. In 1262, Iceland entered into a union 
with the Norwegian monarchy. Norway in turn was united with Sweden in 1319 and then with Denmark in 
1376. When Norway came under the rule of Denmark, Iceland became a Danish dominion. Iceland was granted 
limited home rule in 1874, which was extended in 1904. With the Act of Union in 1918, Iceland became an 
autonomous state in monarchical union with Denmark. Iceland proclaimed its independence from Denmark in 
1944 when it adopted a parliamentary republic regime. The country has a parliamentary system of government. 
In the Icelandic Parliament the legislative and executive power is vested in a cabinet headed by a prime minister. 
Icelandic is the official language of Iceland, which is an Indo-European language, belonging to the sub-group 
of North Germanic. It is closely related to Norwegian and Faroese. The language is considered one of the 
cornerstones of the Icelandic culture.
External Relations
Today Iceland is a modern welfare state, in the spirit of its Scandinavian neighbours and cousins. The country 
is an active participant in international cooperation with the Scandinavian and other Nordic countries. These 
countries co-operate in a variety of fields such as economic affairs and international representation. Iceland is 
a member of the Nordic Council and specialised institutions such as the Nordic Investment Bank.
Iceland is also a member of the United Nations, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, the International 
Monetary Fund ("IMF"), the World Bank and the OECD. It is also a party to a number of other multinational 
organisations, including the Nordic Council and the Council of Europe. The country joined EFTA in 1970 and 
is a member of the EEA, which is a 31-nation free-trade zone of the EU and the EFTA countries. Iceland is also

--- Page 149 ---
146
a contracting party to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and ratified the agreement establishing the 
World Trade Organisation in December 1994. Iceland is part of the EU's internal market and the Schengen Area.
The Icelandic Economy25
Background
The Icelandic economy is small. In terms of Gross Domestic Product ("GDP"), it is the smallest economy 
within the OECD with a total GDP of ISK 2,940 billion in 202026. The population is also small, numbering just 
under 367,000, as at the end of 2020. According to World Bank data, GDP per capita, measured in terms of 
purchasing power parities, amounted to USD 61,100 in 2019, which is in the top twenty of the highest in the 
world.27
Historically, economic prosperity in Iceland has been built largely on abundant marine and energy resources, 
with investment and services as the main drivers of economic growth. Exports of services, driven by a booming 
tourist sector, are an increasingly important source of export revenues. In 2020, services accounted for 38 per 
cent. of total export revenues, while exports of marine products accounted for 27 per cent. and exports of 
aluminium and aluminium products accounted for 19 per cent28.
In 2008, the Icelandic economy entered into a deep recession after a five-year period of robust but unsustainable 
economic growth. The growth was initially spurred by investments in the aluminium and power sectors, 
followed by the rapid growth of the banking sector accompanied by a credit boom, sustained by easy access to 
global credit. The growth soon became increasingly imbalanced which was reflected in a rapidly growing 
current account ("CA") deficit and mounting inflationary pressures. The recession was triggered by a twin 
currency and banking crisis in autumn 2008. Domestic demand contracted by nearly 27 per cent. from its peak 
in 2007 to its trough in 201029.
After a period of austerity measures and restructuring of the financial sector, growth resumed in 2011 as GDP 
grew by 1.8 per cent. in 2012, growth continued at 1.1 per cent30. Unemployment was 10.7 per cent. in January 
202131. The exchange rate of the ISK has stabilised significantly after losing almost 50 per cent. of its value 
against the euro from January 2008 to November 2009. At the end of January 2021, the ISK had appreciated by 
roughly 23 per cent. since its lowest level in November 200932.
The trade account deficit measured 0.6 per cent. of GDP in 2020 and the current account surplus was 1.0 per 
cent. of GDP33. In 2020, the current account surplus measured ISK 31 billion compared to ISK 194 billion in 
2019. The trade account deficit measured ISK 17 billion in 2020 compared to ISK 154 billion surplus in 201934. 
Annual CPI inflation in February 2021 measured 4.1 per cent., well above the 2.5 per cent. inflation target of 
the Central Bank.
                                                       
25 Sources: This chapter was compiled by Landsbankinn's Economic Research Department based on data and information obtained 
from Statistics Iceland, the Central Bank of Iceland, the International Monetary Fund as of 1 March 2021 and the World Bank 
as of 4 March 2020.
26 Source: Statistics Iceland
27 Source: https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.PP.CD
28 Source: Statistics Iceland, own calculation
29 Source: Statistics Iceland, own calculation
30 Source: Statistics Iceland
31 Source: The Directorate of Labour 
32 Source: Central Bank of Iceland
33 Source: Statistics Iceland, Central Bank of Iceland, own calculations
34 Source: Central Bank of Iceland

--- Page 150 ---
147
The IMF projects an increase in GDP of 4.1 per cent. in 2021 and 2.7 per cent. in 2022. Consumer prices are 
projected to increase by 2.8 per cent. in 2021 and 2.5 per cent. in 2022. The current account balance is projected 
to be in 0.2 per cent. surplus in 2021 and 0.1 per cent. surplus in 2022. Unemployment is projected to be 7.0 
per cent. in 2021 and come down to 5.0 per cent. in 202235.
The emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, coupled with measures implemented by the Icelandic government 
as well as other foreign government authorities to contain the pandemic, such as travel restrictions, border 
control, lock downs, quarantines and other measures to discourage or prohibit the movement of people, is 
expected to have an adverse impact on the Icelandic and global financial markets and on the level of economic 
activity in Iceland and the global economy. The extent of the impact posed by the COVID-19 is unclear. If the 
impact is severe or prolonged, this may result in greater volatility, reduced liquidity, widening of credit spreads 
and a lack of price transparency in credit markets. In view of the continued deterioration in the economic outlook 
following the COVID-19 pandemic and in order to protect the Icelandic economy, the Icelandic Government 
and the Central Bank introduced in March and April 2020 various measures to deal with the expected impact 
of the pandemic36 and 37. The Icelandic Government and the Central Bank introduced measures to counteract the 
negative economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, with for instance Act No. 25/2020 which amended 
various acts in an effort to counter the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic (ice. Lög um breytingu á 
ýmsum lögum til að mæta efnahagslegum áhrifum heimsfaraldurs kórónuveiru). Further actions by the Icelandic 
Government and the Central Bank may take place. The aim is to make it easier for households and businesses 
to withstand the temporary loss of income that they may suffer, to counteract unemployment and to facilitate 
the banking system to support households and businesses. 
The measures taken to assist companies and households include but are not limited to:

More flexibility to businesses experiencing temporary difficulties due to a fall in revenue, e.g. extended 
deadlines for taxes and other public charges.

Efforts will be made to provide temporary relief to the tourism industry, including temporarily reducing 
industry-specific tax payments.

Measures to stimulate private consumption and demand, e.g. tax reduction or increased benefits, such 
as special child benefits.

Special lock-down grants to businesses that have been forced to lock down in line with official 
instructions

Partial unemployment benefits are offered on a temporary basis to allow corporates to reduce an 
employee's employment percentage by up to 75 per cent., which is also applicable during notice periods 
if companies need to lay off staff.

Individuals will have access to their third-pillar pension savings (private pension savings).

Ongoing and planned infrastructure projects will be accelerated.

The Government will cooperate with the Icelandic Financial Services Association on their response to 
foreseeable liquidity and payment difficulties of tourism companies.

The Icelandic Government will act as a guarantor on behalf of the Central Bank, for financially distressed 
businesses by 70 per cent. of new operating loans to companies fulfilling certain conditions.
The measures taken to facilitate the banking system include:
                                                       
35 Source: International Monetary Fund 
36 Source: Ministry of Finance and Economic Affairs, Prime Minister's Office, Ministry of Transport and Local Government, 
https://www.government.is/news/article/2020/03/10/-Economic-response-to-COVID-19-/
37 Source: Government of Iceland, Prime Minister's Office: https://www.government.is/default.aspx?pageid=5781e635-46bb-
4c79-8218-03d44073071e and https://www.government.is/news/article/2020/03/21/Icelandic-Government-announces-1.6bn-
USD-response-package-to-the-COVID-19-crisis/

--- Page 151 ---
148

Covered bonds now eligible as collateral in transactions with the Central Bank.

The Bank levy has been lowered to 0.145 per cent. in one step in 2021, see further section entitled "Legal 
risk relating to the Bank-Changes in tax laws or in their interpretation could harm the Bank's business".

Interest rates were lowered by 2.25 percentage points in 2020 to ease the monetary stance.

The countercyclical capital buffer on financial institutions was lowered from 2 per cent. to 0 per cent.

The Central Bank's liquidity reserve requirement was lowered from 2 per cent. to 1 per cent.

The Central Bank will begin a direct purchase of Treasury bonds in the local secondary market to ensure 
a more accommodative monetary stance is transmitted to households and businesses (quantitative 
intervention in the bond market). Total purchases in 2020 were ISK 9.1 billion market value, (ISK 7.6 
billion nominal).
The development of the COVID-19 pandemic, actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact, 
implementation of vaccination, the extent and effectiveness of economic stimulus taken to contain the virus or 
treat its impact and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and business activity can resume, means 
that only very limited forecasts can be made regarding the further economic impact on the global and Icelandic 
economy, as well as the resulting consequences. Prospective investors must consider further possible changes
to the prospects of the Icelandic Economy which may change during these unprecedented times.
Key Icelandic industries and sectors
The Icelandic Scandinavian-type economy consists of a capitalist structure and free market principles with an 
extensive welfare system. Public ownership has systematically been reduced by privatisation and the main role 
of the public sector is in energy, health, education and social welfare. The export sectors in Iceland are largely 
based on natural resources, including fisheries, energy intensive industries and tourism. The tourism industry 
has increased substantially over the past few years and has become the main engine of export growth. In the 
last decade, the economy has been diversifying into manufacturing and service industries, particularly within 
the fields of software production, biotechnology and tourism. Abundant geothermal and hydropower sources 
have attracted substantial foreign investment in the aluminium sector, boosted economic growth and sparked 
some interest from high-tech firms looking to establish data centres using cheap green energy. Foreign 
investment is mainly concentrated in export-orientated sectors with increasing possibilities in new emerging 
sectors such as information technology (e.g. in software production), environmentally friendly energy 
dependent industries, agriculture, water-based industries and tourism.
The marine sector
Iceland's EEZ, endowed with rich fishing grounds, made the marine sector key to the Icelandic economy 
throughout most of the 20th century, driving much of the country's economic growth. Fisheries and fish 
processing are still one of the main pillars of export activities in Iceland, accounting for 43 per cent. of goods 
exported in 2020. Marine products accounted for 27 per cent. of goods and services exported in the same year. 
However, as exported of manufactured goods have been growing rapidly over the past 20 years, the share of 
the marine sector in goods exports has fallen from around 75 per cent. in the 1990s. The sector's contribution 
to GDP also fell, from 14 per cent. in the 1990s to 6.0 per cent. in 201938.
Manufacturing and power intensive industries
The Icelandic manufacturing sector is highly geared towards two sub-sectors, food processing and aluminium 
production, which together contribute to roughly 80 per cent. of total manufacturing production. In a country 
rich in natural resources and hydroelectric and geothermal energy resources, the power intensive industry 
(mainly aluminium) is the largest manufacturing industry in Iceland and produces exclusively for export. 
Almost all of the electricity consumed in Iceland is produced from indigenous energy resources. The industry 
                                                       
38 Source: Statistics Iceland

--- Page 152 ---
149
is based primarily on competitive energy cost, strategic location and a skilled labour force. Exports of 
aluminium and aluminium products have increased substantially over the past decade, generating 33 per cent. 
of goods exported in 2020, from 19 per cent. in 2000. Production has risen sharply this century, from 283,000 
metric tonnes per year ("mtpy") in 2002 to 834,000 mtpy in 2019. The other main sub-sector is food production 
which is directed partly at the domestic market, but a larger share, or two thirds, is in seafood production for 
export. Exports of other manufactured goods (e.g. excluding aluminium and aluminium products) accounted 
for 23 per cent. of goods exported in 2019.
The tourism sector
Before the COVID-19 pandemic, the tourism sector had become a significant part of Iceland's economy. Just 
under 2.0 million foreign visitors departed through Keflavik Airport during 2019 (noting that this figure also 
includes those who have come to Iceland for work). The cumulative growth in departures through Keflavik
Airport between 2010 and 2019 amounted to 332 per cent.39 Just under 479.000 foreign visitors departed 
through Keflavik Airport during 2020, a decrease of 76 per cent. from the previous year. This sector generated 
12 per cent. of total export revenues in 2020 compared with 35 per cent. in 2019.
The agricultural and farming sector
The agricultural sector accounted for 1.5 per cent. of GDP in 2020. Icelandic agriculture is heavily subsidised, 
with total on-budget transfers to farmers amounting to 0.4 per cent. of GDP in 201940. The total area of Iceland 
that is arable land or pasture is around 20 per cent. and less than 5 per cent. of this area is cultivated. The 
remainder is used for grazing or left undeveloped. The principal crops are hay cereal for animal feed, root 
vegetables and green vegetables which are primarily cultivated in greenhouses heated with geothermal water. 
Meat and dairy products are mainly for domestic consumption. Imports of meat, dairy products, and some 
vegetables that compete with domestic production are subject to tariffs, import quotas, and non-tariff import 
restrictions.
The financial sector
In the first decade of the 21st century, Iceland's financial services sector grew substantially, catalysed by 
financial globalisation and de-regulation in the 1990s and, in 2003, the privatisation of state-owned banks. 
Following the privatisation of the three major banks in Iceland, the resulting financial undertakings focused on 
foreign investments and opened branches abroad and acquired operations in several foreign countries. By the 
end of 2007, the banking system's assets were roughly 10 times that of the country's GDP. In autumn 2008, the 
three major banks collapsed and in early 2009, smaller financial institutions also collapsed which resulted in a 
collapse of roughly 97 per cent. of the banking system (measured by assets).
In the aftermath of the banking crisis, the financial system in Iceland changed radically. Three new banks were 
established and took over the domestic operations of the collapsed banks. Other smaller financial institutions 
have undergone financial restructuring and some of them lost their operating licences. The newly restructured 
banking system (deposit money banks) is much smaller, estimated at 1.4 times Iceland's GDP as of 31 December 
202041. There are now four commercial banks and four savings banks currently operating in Iceland and their 
main focus is on the domestic market. The state is the majority owner of two of the commercial banks, namely 
the Bank and Íslandsbanki. In 2018, an initial public offering of shares in Arion Bank took place and the shares 
were listed on the Icelandic and Swedish stock markets. According to the ISFI which manages the shareholding 
and the corresponding voting rights, in the Bank and Íslandsbanki, on behalf of the largest shareholder, the 
Icelandic State Treasury, it is the intention of the ISFI to retain a substantial equity stake in the Bank for the 
                                                       
39 Source: Icelandic Tourist Board
40 Source: The Financial Management Authority, Statistics Iceland, own calculations
41 Source: Central Bank of Iceland, Statistics Iceland, own calculations

--- Page 153 ---
150
long-term. According to the Icelandic State Ownership Strategy for Financial Services, published by the 
Finance Ministry in 2020, no decision on the equity stake sale will be made until the ISFI has sold all its shares 
in Íslandsbanki42 which is to take place in 202143. 
The recession in 2008 and the restructuring of the financial sector
In the fourth quarter of 2008, the Icelandic economy entered into a severe recession after a five-year period of 
robust but unsustainable economic growth. This was a major economic and political event that involved the 
collapse of Iceland's three large cross-border banks, LBI, Glitnir Bank hf. and Kaupthing Bank hf. On 6 October 
2008, the parliament of Iceland passed Act No. 125/2008, the so-called Emergency Act, authorising the FSA to 
take control of financial undertakings in extraordinary financial and/or operational difficulties. On the basis of 
the Emergency Act, the FSA intervened in the operations of all three banks. Aiming to prevent a general collapse 
of the Icelandic economy, three new state-owned banks were established, and these banks took over the 
domestic activities of the three Old Banks. The collapsed banks went into special resolution regimes on the 
basis of the Emergency Act. The path forward for the receivership-held banks was dictated to be a secretion of 
all domestic assets into new surviving public-owned domestic versions of the banks, while leaving the foreign 
operations of the banks to go into receivership and liquidation. In April 2009, "winding up committees" were 
appointed to process creditor claims. Later in 2009, the Icelandic government invested approximately USD 1.1 
billion in the equity and an additional USD 0.44 billion in subordinated debt of the three new banks, NBI hf. 
(now Landsbankinn), New Glitnir hf. (now Íslandsbanki) and New Kaupthing hf. (now Arion Bank).
The period 2005-2008 saw significant capital inflow into Iceland. The loss of confidence following the collapse 
of the financial sector threatened to trigger large capital outflows which could have led to further depreciation 
of the krona and higher inflation. Since private sector balance sheets were, at the time, characterised by both 
high leverage and a large proportion of foreign-denominated and inflation-indexed debt, it was considered that 
this could trigger a wave of defaults, with adverse macroeconomic implications. 
Capital controls
On 28 November 2008, the Icelandic Parliament passed Act No. 134/2008 amending the Foreign Exchange 
Act, No. 87/1992 (the "Foreign Exchange Act"), granting the Central Bank powers to intervene in the currency 
market with the view of stabilising the foreign exchange rate of the ISK, in response to the financial crisis. For 
this purpose, the Central Bank issued Rules No. 1082/2008 on Foreign Exchange imposing stringent capital 
controls on cross-border movement of capital and related foreign exchange transactions. Rules No. 1082/2008, 
on Foreign Exchange were codified with the adoption of Act No. 127/2011 in 2011, amending the Foreign 
Exchange Act. The Foreign Exchange Act and rules on foreign exchange have been reviewed and amended 
several times since then. The Foreign Exchange Act was further supplemented by Rules No. 200/2017 on 
Foreign Exchange ("Rules on Foreign Exchange"), which came into force in March 2017 and were amended 
in June 2017 with Rules No. 568/2017, and in April 2019 by Rules No. 311/2019. The Rules on Foreign 
Exchange, as amended, largely removed the restrictions on foreign exchange transactions and cross border 
movement of foreign domestic and foreign currency. 
Since the most recent amendments to the aforementioned Rules on Foreign Exchange in 2017 and 2019, 
restrictions are still in place on the following: (i) derivatives trading for purposes other than hedging and (ii) 
foreign exchange transactions carried out between residents and non- residents without the intermediation of a 
financial undertaking. Offshore krona assets as defined in Act No. 37/2016 on the treatment of krona-
denominated assets subject to special restrictions are still subject to special restrictions that have been largely 
                                                       
42
Source: "The Icelandic State's ownership strategy for Financial Services" published in February 2020 by the Ministries of
Finance and Economic Affairs: http://www.bankasysla.is/files/EigandastefnaRikisins2020_02_loka_968608008.pdf 
43 Source: „The ISFI" http://www.bankasysla.is/en/news/nr/386/

--- Page 154 ---
151
removed by Temporary Provision I of Act No. 37/2016 and Rules on the treatment of krona denominated assets 
subject to special restrictions No. 224/2019. Temporary Provision III of the Foreign Exchange Act and Rules 
on special reserve requirement No. 490/2016 introduced a capital inflow management measure, to temper 
inflows of foreign currency and to affect the composition of such inflows. The special reserve ratio may range 
up to 75 per cent and may range up to five years. The special reserve ratio was first set at 40 per cent. in June 
2016, reduced to 20 per cent. in November 2018 and further reduced to 0 per cent. in March 2019. The rules on 
special reserve requirement for new foreign currency inflow, have been amended several times and the current 
rules are Rules No. 223/2019. A new bill on Foreign Exchange (the "New Foreign Exchange Bill") has been 
submitted to the Icelandic Parliament in February 2021 which entails a comprehensive revision of the Foreign 
Exchange Act, Act No. 37/2016 and other related regulatory acts. The New Foreign Exchange Bill does not 
introduce fundamental changes to the current law in this area but the aim is to simplify and clarify the foreign 
exchange legal environment. It is unclear when the proposed bill will pass as law.
The requirements obliging financial undertakings and other parties engaging in capital transactions to notify 
the Central Bank of capital movements remain. However, various foreign exchange transactions and capital 
transfers that have previously been subject to confirmation by the Central Bank are currently only subject to a 
disclosure requirement.

--- Page 155 ---
152
FINANCIAL MARKETS IN ICELAND
Size of the banking system
Total assets of Icelandic deposit money banks, which are the four commercial banks and four savings banks,
amounted to ISK 4,212 billion as at 31 December 2020, of which foreign assets were ISK 422 billion, or 10 per 
cent. The Icelandic financial market is therefore highly exposed to the Icelandic economy44.
The total assets of the three largest commercial banks, the Bank, Íslandsbanki and Arion Bank, comprised 
around 74 per cent. of the total assets of the Icelandic credit institutions (excluding the Central Bank and
including the failed banks' holding companies)45 as at the end of 2020, according to the Central Bank. The 
proportion of total assets of other financial corporations, of which the HCA, is largest, was 24 per cent. of the 
total assets. For more information on the merger of the Housing Finance Fund and the Icelandic Construction 
Authority, see the section entitled "Market participants" below.
Market participants
Icelandic credit institutions are comprised of four commercial banks, four savings banks and four credit 
undertakings subject to minimum reserve requirements. The financial market also includes nine investment 
firms and nine management companies of UCITS, twenty-one pension funds, as well as one other supervised 
entity and Depositors' and Investors' Guarantee Fund46.
On 1 January 2020, the Housing Finance Fund merged with the Iceland Construction Authority (ice. 
Mannvirkjastofnun) and officially became the HCA, in accordance with Act No. 137/2019 on Housing and 
Construction Authority47. The HCA, a fully state-owned institution, operates in Iceland and offers financing for 
residential housing in Iceland. The establishment of the aforementioned mortgage lender was approved at the 
beginning of 1999. The Housing Finance Fund is based on legislation approved by the Icelandic Parliament in 
June 1998, which was aimed at rationalising the existing state financing system for housing. The Housing 
Finance Fund was the largest provider of financing for residential housing until 2004, when the three major 
banks in Iceland entered the financing sector for residential housing. The main operations of the HCA consist 
of working in administrative projects in the areas of housing civil engineering, electrical safety and construction, 
and fire protection matters, as well as providing the aforementioned financing for residential housing.
There are other relevant financial institutions which participate in the financial markets. Pension funds, which 
are independent non-governmental entities, are an important source of long-term finance in Iceland and are 
active in the financial market through their investment activities. In addition, the pension funds have become 
active competitors after they started increasing their mortgage lending to the public. These funds invest in 
domestic bonds, equity capital and in some foreign securities. Membership in a pension fund is obligatory for 
wage earners and self-employed individuals, in accordance with Act No. 129/1997, on Mandatory Pension 
Insurance and on the Activities of Pension Funds.
Several securities houses are also operating domestically and many of them operate mutual funds of various 
kinds. With the easing of capital controls and the increased availability of investments opportunities, some 
securities houses have started offering services on international financial markets.
                                                       
44 Source: Central Bank of Iceland
45Source: Central Bank of Iceland, Landsbankinn, Arion Bank and Íslandsbanki annual reports
46 Source: Central Bank of Iceland-Financial Supervisory Authority; https://en.fme.is/supervision/supervised-entities/
47 Source: Icelandic parliament: https://www.althingi.is/lagas/150a/2019137.html

--- Page 156 ---
153
Furthermore, there are four major insurance companies, TM tryggignar hf., Sjóvá-Almennar tryggingar hf.,
Vátryggingafélag Íslands hf., and Vörður tryggingar hf., which are licensed to operate in Iceland. 
Tryggingamiðstöðin hf., Sjóvá Almennar tryggingar hf., and Vátryggingarfélag Íslands hf. have been active in 
the financial market through their investment activities in Iceland. TM tryggignar hf., Sjóvá-Almennar 
tryggingar hf., and Vátryggingafélag Íslands hf. insurance companies are listed on Nasdaq Iceland. In March 
2021, the commercial bank, Kvika banki hf. and TM hf., a parent company of TM tryggingar hf. and Lykill 
fjármögnun hf. merged into one entity, under the name and ID number of Kvika, after regulatory and 
shareholder approval48.
Financial market supervision and other relevant institutions in the financial markets
One stock exchange operates in Iceland, Nasdaq Iceland hf., operating under Act. No. 110/2007 on Stock 
Exchanges. Nasdaq Iceland hf. is part of the Nasdaq Group and is licensed to operate a regulated market as well 
as a multilateral trading facility (MTF), the first in the North Iceland market. Both issuer rules and trading rules 
are largely harmonised with the sister exchanges run by Nasdaq Group in the Nordic countries (Stockholm, 
Helsinki and Copenhagen). 
There are also two securities depositories, Nasdaq CSD Iceland ("NCSDI") and Verðbréfamiðstöð Íslands hf.
Securities depositories are operated under Act No. 7/2020, on Securities Depositories Settlement and Electronic 
Registration of Rights of Securities (ice. lög um verðbréfamiðstöðvar, uppgjör og rafræna eignaskráningu 
fjármálagerninga). NCSDI has been the main central securities depository for the Icelandic securities market 
and as such it is a notary, a depository and a clearing house for settlement of securities in dematerialised form. 
NCDSI merged with Nasdaq CSD in May 2020, which operates in Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia and will 
simultaneously migrate to a common CSD IT platform with Nasdaq CSD.
As of 1 January 2020, the Financial Supervisory Authority merged with the Central Bank, in accordance with 
Act no 92/2019 on Central Bank of Iceland. The aim is to create one supervisory authority for the financial 
market. The tasks carried out by the FSA will be carried out by a division of the Central Bank, which shall be 
referred to as the Financial Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland ("FSA" or "FSA-Iceland").
In 1999, the Bank Inspectorate of the Central Bank and the Insurance Supervisory Authority were merged into 
a new independent entity, the FSA. Icelandic financial markets are supervised by the FSA. Entities engaging in 
financial activities which are subject to licence are regulated by the FSA, including credit institutions, insurance 
companies and pension funds. The activities of the FSAare largely governed by Act No. 87/1998, on the Official 
Supervision of Financial Operations, and Act No. 99/1999, on the Payment of Cost Due to the Official 
Supervision of Financial Activities. 
The European Banking Authority, European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, European 
Securities and Markets Authority and European Systemic Risk Board have been given certain surveillance 
powers in Iceland, since the introduction of the act on the European Surveillance System in the Financial 
Markets on 9 May 2017, and the adoption of the European framework in Iceland for bank surveillance. The 
aforementioned framework aims to enhance the stability and the health of the financial system through Act No. 
24/2017 on the European Financial Markets Surveillance System, with the following49;
                                                       
48 Source: Street Insider.com: 
https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/Kvika+banki+hf.%3A+Merger+of+Kvika%2C+TM+and+Lykill/18196232.
html
49 Source: Icelandic Parliament https://www.althingi.is/altext/stjt/2017.024.html

--- Page 157 ---
154

EU Regulation No. 1092/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 24 November 
2010 on European Union macro-prudential oversight of the financial system and establishing a 
European Systemic Risk Board

EU Regulation No. 1093/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 24 November 
2010 establishing the European Banking Authority, amending Decision No. 716/2009/EC and 
repealing Commission Decision 2009/78/EC;

EU Regulation No. 1094/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 24 November 
2010 establishing the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority, amending Decision 
No. 716/2009/EC and repealing Commission Decision 2009/79/EC; and

EU Regulation No. 1095/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 24 November 
2010 establishing the European Securities and Markets Authority, amending Decision No.
716/2009/EC and repealing Commission Decision No. 2009/77/EC.
The Central Bank is in charge of monetary policy implementation in Iceland and performs a wide range of 
functions to this end. The main objective of monetary policy is price stability. The activities of the Central Bank 
are largely governed by Act No. 92/2019, which took effect on 1 January 2020. The Central Bank promotes 
price stability, financial stability and sound and secure financial activities. The Central Bank undertakes such 
tasks as are consistent with its role as a central bank, such as maintaining international reserves and promoting 
a safe, effective financial system including domestic and cross-border payment intermediation50. The Central 
Bank imposes a reserve requirement on all the commercial and savings banks. The purpose of this limitation is 
to ensure that credit institutions have a sufficient margin to the reserve requirement account to meet fluctuations 
in their liquidity positions. The Central Bank oversees surveillance of the rules on Foreign Exchange - see 
further in "The Republic of Iceland - Capital Controls".
In accordance with the aforementioned merger of the FSA and the Central Bank, the Central Bank is now 
responsible for the tasks entrusted by law and governmental directives to the FSA and the financial supervision 
is now part of the Central Bank. The Central Bank therefore monitors supervised entities to ensure that their 
activities comply with the law and with governmental directives, and that they are in other respects consistent 
with sound and appropriate business practices51.
                                                       
50 Source: The Central Bank of Iceland, https://www.cb.is/about-the-bank/central-bank-of-iceland/
51Source: The Central Bank of Iceland, https://www.cb.is/about-the-bank/central-bank-of-iceland/

--- Page 158 ---
155
TAXATION
Iceland
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Bank's understanding of current law and practice in 
Iceland. Prospective holders of Notes who are in any doubt as to their personal tax position or who may be 
subject to tax in any other jurisdiction, should consult their professional advisers. 
Furthermore, investors should note that the appointment by an investor in Notes, or any person through which 
an investor holds Notes, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Notes in any 
jurisdiction may have tax implications. Prospective investors are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the 
consequences, under the tax law of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a 
purchase of Notes, including but not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Notes and 
their disposal or redemption.
The summary below is of a general nature based upon the law and practice of Iceland as in effect on the date of 
this Base Prospectus. It should not be construed as providing specific advice as to Icelandic taxation and is 
subject to any change in law or practice in Iceland that may take effect after such date.
Non-Icelandic Tax Residents
As a general rule, Article 3 (8) of the ITA provides that any interest received from Iceland (outbound payments), 
such as the interest payable according to the Notes, by any person or entity residing outside of Iceland is taxable 
income in Iceland. According to Article 70 (8) of the ITA, the current tax rate on taxable income under Article 
3 (8) is (a) 12 per cent. for individuals (only applicable to interest income exceeding the annual amount of ISK 
150,000); and (b) 12 per cent. for legal entities.
From the general rule of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, there are certain exemptions listed in the provision, e.g. if an 
applicable double taxation treaty states otherwise. Also, according to Article 3 (8), cf. Article 3 (3) of Regulation 
no. 630/2013, the Bank is not required by Icelandic law to deduct or withhold tax from interest payments on 
notes or bonds that are issued by a financial institution, in its own name, registered with a securities depository 
in 1) a member state of the OECD, 2) a member state of the EEA, 3) a member state of EFTA, or 4) the Faroe 
Islands, and do not constitute business covered by Articles 13. b – 13. n of Act No. 87/1992 on Foreign 
Exchange, as amended (which contain some restrictions on cross-border capital movements since Iceland is 
under foreign exchange restrictions subject to Icelandic law). The Bank has obtained confirmation from the 
Directorate of Internal Revenue in Iceland (the "RSK") that the Programme is within the scope of the exemption 
contained in paragraph 3 of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, although an exemption will need to be applied for in respect 
of each Tranche of Notes. Accordingly, the Bank will, based on this confirmation, register any Notes issued 
under the Programme with the RSK and request that the RSK provide a certificate confirming that the relevant 
Notes are exempt from such taxation.
In the absence of an applicable exemption, the Bank will be making the relevant withholding at source in 
accordance with the provisions of Regulation No. 630/2013, on the taxation and withholding of interest to 
parties' subject to limited tax liability (as based on Article 3 (8) of the ITA and Article 41 of the Act No. 45/1987 
on Withholding of Public Levies at Source).
There are no estate or inheritance taxes, succession duties, gift taxes or capital gains taxes imposed by Iceland 
or any authority of or in Iceland in respect of Notes if, at the time of the death of the holder of the transfer of 
the Notes, such holder or transferor is not a resident of Iceland.
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are classified as interest under Icelandic tax law. Accordingly, based on 
the wording of Article 3 (8) of the ITA, cf. Article 3 (3) of Regulation no. 630/2013, capital gains on the sale of

--- Page 159 ---
156
the Notes should not be subject to Income tax in Iceland, provided a tax exemption is in place in accordance 
with the above.
No Icelandic issue tax or stamp duty will be payable in connection with the issue of any Notes.
Icelandic Tax Residents
Owners of the Notes that are resident in Iceland for tax purposes are subject to income tax in Iceland on their 
interest income in accordance with Icelandic tax law. The applicable tax rate depends on their tax status.
Capital gains on the sale of the Notes are subject to the same tax as interest income of Icelandic residents.
Subject to certain exemptions (which apply, inter alia, to most banks and pension funds), the Bank is required 
to withhold a 22 per cent. tax on the interest paid to the holders of Notes who are Icelandic residents, cf. Act 
No. 94/1996 on Withholding of Tax on Financial Income. Such withholding is considered a preliminary tax 
payment but does not necessarily constitute the final tax liability of the holder. However, the Bank should 
generally not be held responsible for withholding tax on income related to bonds that have been registered as 
exempted with the Director of Revenue, unless the Bank has knowledge that the bonds have been acquired by 
an Icelandic tax resident, cf. inter alia explanatory notes accompanying Act No. 39/2013, amending the ITA. 
This exemption of the withholding obligation does not affect the tax obligations of the relevant bondholder.
FATCA
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA")
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly known as 
FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The 
Issuer believes that it is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including 
Iceland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States 
to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, proposed 
regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two 
years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that 
taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be 
"grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless such Notes are (i) materially modified after such 
date or (ii) treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, if additional notes (as described 
under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from outstanding Notes in the same 
Series are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all notes in such Series, including grandfathered Notes, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply 
to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 160 ---
157
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a "participating Member State"). Estonia has since ceased 
to participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU member states might decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT and 
its potential impact on the Notes.

--- Page 161 ---
158
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 27 April 2021, agreed with the Bank a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the 
Programme Agreement, the Bank has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final 
Terms will identify whether the Notes will be issued (i) in compliance with U.S. Treasury regulations §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) ("TEFRA C") rules or U.S. Treasury regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules 
in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) ( "TEFRA D") or 
(ii) under circumstances pursuant to which the Notes will not constitute registration required obligations under 
the U.S. Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA") such that TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 162 ---
159
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes 
of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Bank;

--- Page 163 ---
160
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Bank; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Italy
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the offering of any Notes issued under the Programme has not been 
registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy, except:
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; or
(b)
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on solicitation of investments pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the 
"Financial Services Act"), Article 34, first paragraph, of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999 ("Regulation No. 11971") and applicable Italian laws, each as amended from time to time.
Furthermore, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of 
this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above 
must be:
(i)
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Italian Banking Act");
(ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue 
or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and
(iii) in accordance with any other applicable laws and regulations including those imposed by CONSOB 
or other Italian authority.
Switzerland
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree that the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application 
has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) 
in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland.

--- Page 164 ---
161
Iceland
The investment described in this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered for public distribution 
in Iceland with the FSA-Iceland pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation.
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree, that this Base Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed 
only at, persons who are (i) qualified investors under the private placement exemption of Article 1 Item 4 as 
defined in Article 2 Item e of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) other persons to whom this Base Prospectus may 
be communicated lawfully in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (all such persons together being 
referred to as the Relevant Persons). This Base Prospectus must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are 
not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this Base Prospectus relates is available 
only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant 
Person should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus or any of its contents. This Base Prospectus must not be 
distributed, published, reproduced or disclosed (in whole or in part) by recipients to any other persons.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident 
of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Hong Kong
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that:
(a)
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any of the 
Notes (except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and
(b)
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to the Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO.

--- Page 165 ---
162
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that 
the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 166 ---
163
Canada
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Each 
Dealer has further represented and agreed that it has only offered, sold or otherwise transferred and will only 
offer, sell or otherwise transfer the Notes to such purchasers in Canada.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief)_comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Bank nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Bank and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 167 ---
164
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Bank dated 30 June 2014 and this update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank dated 6 March 2019.
Listing of Notes
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the 12 months 
from the date of the Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on Euronext Dublin or any 
other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
may agree.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection, electronically, from website of
the Bank at 
https://corporate.landsbankinn.com/ :
(a)
the articles of association and certificate of incorporation (with an English translation thereof) of the 
Bank;
(b)
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Coupons and the Talons;
(c)
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(d)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 8 September 2015, pages 
36 to 59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme;
(e)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 30 August 2016, pages 
36 to 59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme; 
(f)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 2017, pages 36 to 
59 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme;
(g)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 6 April 2018, pages 50 
to 79 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme, as supplemented by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes included in the Supplemental Prospectus dated 30 May 2018;
(h)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 27 March 2019, pages 56 
to 93 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme; 
(i)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Base Prospectus dated 22 May 2020, pages 59 
to 97 (inclusive) prepared by the Bank in connection with the Programme, as supplemented by the 
Supplemental Prospectuses dated 4 September 2020, 6 November 2020, 10 February 2021 and 12 
February 2021; and
(j)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.

--- Page 168 ---
165
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and (to the extent 
applicable) Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) code and the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN)
for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
Conditions for determining price
The price and nominal amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Bank and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Significant or Material Change
Save for the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic referred to in the sections headed "The Icelandic Economy",
"The Bank is vulnerable to a range of economic risks that face the Icelandic banking system", "The COVID-19 
pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations and financial 
position" and in the 2020 Financial Statements of the Bank on page v, page 16, page 18 and page 146 of this 
Base Prospectus respectively, and in particular, the impact that COVID-19 may have had on the value of the 
Bank's loans to customers, which cannot be reliably estimated at this time, there has been no significant change 
in the financial position or financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2020. 
Save for the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic referred to in the sections headed "The Icelandic Economy", 
"The Bank is vulnerable to a range of economic risks that face the Icelandic banking system", "The COVID-19 
pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, results of operations and financial 
position" and in the 2020 Financial Statements of the Bank on page v, page 16, page 18 and page 146 of this 
Base Prospectus respectively, and in particular, the impact that COVID-19 may have had on the value of the 
Bank's loans to customers, which cannot be reliably estimated at this time, there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Bank since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation
Except as disclosed in the section titled "Description of the Bank—Litigation" starting on page Error! 
Bookmark not defined. of this Base Prospectus and updated in "Note 38- Litigation" on pages 39 and 40 of 
the 2020 Financial Statements, neither the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in 
any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Bank or the Group.
Auditors
The National Audit Office, Skúlagata 57, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland, has been the Bank's statutory auditor for the 
financial years 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019. The National Audit Office is authorised to outsource part of 
its assignments and outsourced the audit of the Issuer to Grant Thornton endurskoðun ehf., registered office at 
Suðurlandsbraut 20, 108 Reykjavík, Iceland, for the financial years 2015 until year-end 2019. The Bank's

--- Page 169 ---
166
statutory auditor has not resigned, been removed nor reappointed during the aforementioned period. Davíð 
Arnar Einarsson and Sturla Jónsson were the auditors on behalf of Grant Thornton endurskoðun ehf., for the 
financial years 2015 till year-end 2019. They are members of the Institute of State Authorized Public 
Accountants in Iceland.
The Bank's Annual General Meeting which was held on the 25 April 2020 elected the National Audit Office as 
the Bank's statutory auditor for the financial year 2020. The National Audit Office outsourced the audit of the 
Bank to PricewaterhouseCoopers ehf., ("PwC") registered office at Skógarhlíð 12, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland. Arna 
Guðrún Tryggvadóttir is appointed the auditor on behalf of PwC. She is a member of the Institute of State 
Authorized Public Accountant in Iceland.
Dealers Transacting with the Bank
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Bank and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.
Availability of Prospectus
This Base Prospectus is available on Euronext Dublin's website at https://live.euronext.com/.
Listing Agent
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection 
with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated
Market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Websites
The website of the Bank is: https://www.landsbankinn.is
The information on this website and any other website specified in this Base Prospectus does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 170 ---
BANK
Landsbankinn hf.
Austurstæti 11
155 Reykjavík
Iceland
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT
Citibank, N.A. London Branch
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Bank as to English law
To the Dealers as to English law
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP
100 Bishopsgate
London EC2P 2SR
United Kingdom
To the Dealers as to Icelandic law
LOGOS
Efstaleiti 5
103 Reykjavík
Iceland
AUDITORS
To the Bank
PricewaterhouseCoopers ehf.
Skógarhlíð 12
105 Reykjavík
Iceland
ARRANGER
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02RF29
Ireland
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France

--- Page 171 ---
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court
25 Shoe Lane
London EC4A 4AU
United Kingdom
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH
Rathenauplatz 1
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
UBS Europe SE
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Ireland