--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 16 April 2025. This Base 
Prospectus is valid for up to twelve months after the date of approval. The obligation to supplement this base prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
 
Lantmännen ek för 
 
Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
16 April 2025 
 
 
 
 
Arranger: 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Dealers: 
Swedbank AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial, Nordea Bank Abp and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ)

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Information to investors 
This base prospectus (the ”Base Prospectus”) relates to the programme for continuous issuance by Lantmännen ek för (the 
“Issuer” or “Lantmännen”) of medium term notes in Swedish kronor or euro with a tenor of minimum one (1) year and a nominal 
amount which may not be lower than EUR 100,000 (or the corresponding amount in SEK) (the “MTN”). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and the delegated act (EU) 2019/980. The Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus pursuant to article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Swedish law is applicable to the Base Prospectus and any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Base Prospectus shall be subject to Swedish law and exclusively to the jurisdiction of Swedish courts. The Base Prospectus 
shall be read together with the documents which have been incorporated by reference (see “Information about the Issuer – 
Documents incorporated by reference”) and any supplements to the Base Prospectus. Except for what is stated in the auditor’s 
report, which has been incorporated to this Base Prospectus by reference, or is otherwise explicitly stated, no information in this 
Base Prospectus has been reviewed or revised by the Issuer’s auditor. The numbers in this Base Prospectus has, in some cases, 
been rounded, why certain tables may not amount to the correct sum. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to purchase Loans and may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such 
distribution would require any additional prospectus, registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or 
otherwise would conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are 
required to inform themselves about and comply with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in 
a violation of applicable securities regulations. Subject to certain exemptions, the MTN may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. No MTN has been, and no MTN will be, registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
This Base Prospectus is dated 16 April 2025. Distribution of the Base Prospectus does not entail that the information provided 
herein is relevant for any other date than the date of this Base Prospectus or that the business of the Issuer, result or financial 
situation has been unchanged since this date. 
In respect of each issue of MTN, each Issuing Dealer will undertake a target market assessment in respect of such MTN and 
determine the appropriate channels for distribution for such MTN. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
such MTN (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
such MTN (either by adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining the appropriate distribution channels. 
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue as to whether any Issuing Dealer participating in the 
issue of MTN is a manufacturer in respect of such MTN. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Each potential investor should consider whether the MTN is an appropriate investment given the particular circumstances of that 
investor. In particular, every investor should (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to be able to adequately evaluate the 
MTN and the information set out in this Base Prospectus and any supplements hereto, (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, 
appropriate analytical tools in order to, in the context of its own financial situation, be able to evaluate an investment in the MTN 
and the effect of such investment on the portfolio of such investor, (iii) have sufficient financial means and liquidity to carry the 
risks associated with an investment in the MTN, including where the nominal amount and/or interest payments may be made in 
different currencies or where the currency of the principal amount or interest deviates from the currency of the investor, (iv) fully 
understand the terms and conditions of a MTN and be familiar with relevant indices and financial markets, and (v) be capable of 
evaluating (itself or with the assistance of financial advisors) possible scenarios for economical, interest rate related or other 
factors that may affect the investment and the ability of the investor to carry the relevant risks. 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer´s current views or expectations with 
respect to future events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, 
“anticipate” or similar expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements 
based on historical facts, constitute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on 
reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because 
these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from 
those set out in the forward-looking statement. Factors that could cause the Issuer’s actual operations, result or performance to 
differ from the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described in “Risk factors”. The forward-looking 
statements included in this Base Prospectus apply only to the date of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to 
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other 
than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking information that can be ascribed to the Issuer or persons acting on the 
Issuer behalf is subject to the reservations in or referred to in this section.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Table of contents 
 
1 
Description of the Issuer’s MTN Programme ..................................... 4 
2 
Risk Factors ..................................................................................... 10 
3 
Responsibility for the Base Prospectus ............................................ 25 
4 
Product description ......................................................................... 26 
5 
Terms and Conditions ...................................................................... 28 
6 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................ 48 
7 
Information about the Issuer .......................................................... 52 
8 
Definitions ....................................................................................... 62 
9 
Addresses ........................................................................................ 64

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
1 
Description of the Issuer’s MTN Programme 
This MTN Programme constitutes a framework under which the Issuer intends to raise Loans 
in SEK or EUR with a tenor of not less than one (1) year of a maximum outstanding nominal 
amount at any time of SEK 5 billion or the equivalent in EUR. The Board of Directors resolved 
to establish the MTN Programme on 27 August 2015. This Base Prospectus has been 
established in accordance with a resolution by the Board of Directors on 15 April 2025. 
The Terms and Conditions shall apply for all Loans raised under this MTN Programme. In 
addition, for each Loan, supplementary Final Terms are established for each Loan. The Final 
Terms and the Terms and Conditions together constitute the complete terms for the relevant 
Loan. The nominal amount and the applicable method for calculating interest is regulated in 
the Final Terms. The Final Terms will be available on the Issuer’s website, 
www.lantmannen.com, and may also be obtained free of charge from the Issuer. 
Offers to purchase or otherwise acquire MTN under this MTN Programme are not directed to 
persons whose participation require any additional prospectus, registration or additional 
measures other than those which follow from Swedish law for offer(s) made in Sweden. The 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms may not be distributed to, or within, any country where 
such distribution demands further registration or additional measures other than those which 
follow from Swedish law or is against the law or other regulations. Purchases or other 
acquisitions of MTN issued under this Base Prospectus in contrary to the above may be deemed 
null and void. 
1.1 
General 
Each Loan is represented by MTN of denominations of not less than EUR 100,000, or a value 
of SEK equivalent to EUR 100,000, or whole multiples thereof. 
The Issuer may issue Loans bearing a fixed interest rate, variable interest rate or without interest 
(Zero Coupon Loans). The determination of the Interest Rate is performed by the Calculation 
Agent. The holders of MTN represent themselves in capacity as Noteholders towards the Issuer 
and are consequently not represented by a certain organisation or counsel which has been 
appointed in advance. 
1.2 
The Green Framework 
The Issuer has established a framework for green financing (a so-called green bond framework) 
as amended, updated and/or replaced from time to time) which is available on the Issuer’s 
website www.lantmannen.com (the “Green Framework”), where any updates to the Green 
Framework will also be made available. The Green Framework enables the Issuer to issue 
Loans under a MTN programme as green bonds (“Green Bonds”) (as defined in the Final 
Terms), meaning that the proceeds from any issuance may solely be used for financing of the 
projects covered by the Green Framework. 
The Green Framework has been developed in line with the industry standard Green Bond 
Principles 2021, including the updated Appendix 1 of June 2022, set by the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA). Furthermore, the Green Framework has undergone an 
independent evaluation by S&P Global Ratings, which also is available on the Issuer’s website. 
S&P Global Ratings’ review focuses on the Green Framework’s credibility, impact and 
alignment with the recommended components of the ICMA Green Bond Principles, which are 
described below: 
(i) Use of Proceeds;

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
(ii) Process for Project Evaluation and Selection; 
(iii)  Management of Proceeds; 
(iv)  Reporting; and 
(v) External Review. 
In the second party opinion, S&P Global Ratings confirms that the Green Framework is aligned 
with the ICMA Green Bond Principles 2021 and the updated Appendix 1 of June 2022. The 
Green Framework is rated as S&P Global Ratings Medium Green, a rating allocated to 
activities that represent significant steps towards a low-carbon, climate resilient future, but 
require further improvement to become long-term low-carbon, climate resilient solutions. The 
S&P Global Ratings second opinion was published on 8 March 2024 and will remain relevant 
to all Green Bonds issued under the Green Framework from the date of the second opinion, as 
long as the Green Framework remains unchanged. 
The S&P Global Ratings Shades of Green methodology aims to provide transparency to 
investors that seek to understand and act upon potential exposure to climate risks and impacts. 
S&P Global Ratings’s opinion does not form part of this Prospectus nor is it a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. Any future lack of verification from S&P Global Ratings or 
another independent party does not entail an event of default under such Loan. In such cases, 
Noteholders do not have the right to prepayment or repurchase of a Green Bond or other 
compensation. 
Regarding the use of proceeds, an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be 
used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, investments undertaken by the Group or by 
the Issuer’s share in joint ventures in accordance with the green project categories specified in 
the Issuer’s Green Framework and as defined below (the “Green Projects”). Green Bond net 
proceeds can be used to finance both existing and new Green Projects financed by the Group. 
Green Bond net proceeds may not be allocated to projects for which the purpose is fossil energy 
production, nuclear energy generation, weapons and defence, potentially environmentally 
harmful resource extraction (such as rare earth elements or fossil fuels), gambling or tobacco. 
Should the Issuer fail to use the net proceeds of the Green Bonds in accordance with the Green 
Framework in relation to a certain Loan, it does not entail an event of default under such Loan. 
In such cases, Noteholders do not have the right to prepayment or repurchase of a Green Bond 
or other compensation. 
The Green Projects comprise six key areas: (i) environmentally sustainable management of 
living natural resources and land use, (ii) eco-efficient and circular economy adapted products, 
production technologies and processes, (iii) renewable energy, (iv) pollution prevention and 
control, (v) green and energy efficient buildings and (vi) clean transportation. Regarding (i), 
the eligibility criteria state that the project must be related to investment and expenditure related 
to research and development and partnerships with farmers to develop cultivation in a more 
sustainable direction. This involves carrying out research and development in areas such as 
plant breeding, digitalization, precision farming, climate adaptation, carbon sequestration, 
biodiversity and biological plant protection. It also includes, for example, the procurement of 
wheat, rye, barley, oats and other grain that are grown under the Climate & Nature program by 
the Group’s farmers and have at least a 30 per cent lower CO2 impact than equivalent products. 
Regarding (ii), the eligibility criteria state that the project must be related to production 
facilities and production lines needed to produce food and feed products or crop production 
inputs, with at least a 30 per cent lower CO2 impact than equivalent products, for example 
fossil free fertiliser, low-carbon grain, and legume-based products such as pea-based protein. 
It can also relate to investments in non-chemically treated seed for organic and conventional 
cultivation. Regarding (iii) the eligibility criteria state that the project must be related to solar

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
and wind power, which includes facilities that produce electricity using solar photovoltaic (PV) 
technology and facilities that produce electricity from wind power. The project can also involve 
bioenergy and cover production facilities, including drying facilities, and manufacturing of 
solid processed wood fuels based on waste products from the forestry and sawmill industries, 
such as shavings and sawdust. Regarding (iv), the eligibility criteria state that the project must 
be related to investments in recycling plants, where residues from the food industry are 
processed into raw material in the plants for the production of bioethanol. Regarding (v), the 
eligibility criteria state that the project must be related to buildings that have achieved, or are 
designed to achieve, a certification in accordance with at least Miljöbyggnad ‘Silver’, combined 
with a primary energy number at least 20 per cent lower than the level required by the national 
building regulation. The project can also involve silos with fossil-free grain drying facilities 
that are at least 20 per cent more energy efficient compared to standard drying facilities. 
Regarding (vi), the eligibility criteria state that the project must be related to the purchase or 
lease of light- and heavy-duty electric vehicles. 
The evaluation and selection process for Green Projects is a key process to ensure that the 
Green Projects comply with the eligibility criteria defined under the Green Project categories. 
The Issuer’s overall management of environmental, social, corporate governance and financial 
risks is a core component of the Issuer’s decision-making processes. The Issuer’s risk 
management is stated in policies, guidelines and instructions, and their annual Enterprise Risk 
Management process covers a broad scope of sustainability and responsibility risks. The 
evaluation and selection process for Green Projects follows the same standard decision-making 
process, ensuring that the Issuer selects and allocates Green Bond proceeds to eligible Green 
Projects. As part of the selection process, the Issuer has established a Green Bond Committee 
(the “GBC”) consisting of 7 members, including the Director Sustainable Development. The 
GBC is solely responsible for deciding whether to acknowledge a project as an eligible Green 
Project, and a consensus decision from the GBC is required to allocate net proceeds. 
The Issuer uses a dedicated register (the “Green Register”) to monitor that an amount equal to 
the Green Bond net proceeds issued are allocated to eligible Green Projects. The purpose of the 
Green Register is to ensure that the Green Bond net proceeds only support the financing of 
relevant Green Projects or to repay any Green Bonds outstanding. All Green Bonds are 
managed at portfolio level, meaning that a Green Bond is not directly linked to one or more 
predetermined Green Project(s). The Green Register forms the basis for the impact and 
allocation reporting. Unallocated Green Bond net proceeds may temporarily be placed in the 
liquidity reserve and managed accordingly by the Issuer. Such event does not entail an event 
of default under such Loan. In such cases, Noteholders do not have the right to prepayment or 
repurchase of a Green Bond or other compensation. 
To enable the monitoring of performance and provide insight into prioritized areas, The Issuer 
will annually and until full allocation of the Green Bonds issued, and in the event of any 
material developments, provide investors with a Green Bond Report that describes the 
allocation of net proceeds and the environmental impact of the Green Projects. The reports are 
published on the Issuer’s website on an annual basis. An independent verifier, appointed by the 
Issuer, will also on an annual basis, until full allocation, verify the internal tracking method and 
the allocation of funds from the Green Bond net proceeds. Inadequate or non-existent reporting 
by the Issuer as described above does not entail an event of default under such Loan. In such 
cases, Noteholders do not have the right to prepayment or repurchase of a Green Bond or other 
compensation. 
The European Council and the European Parliament made a political agreement in December 
2019 regarding the so-called taxonomy regulation (Regulation EU 2020/852) concerning a 
harmonised classification system with rules as regards the assessment of green and sustainable 
investments (the “Taxonomy Regulation”). The Taxonomy Regulation entered fully into force

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
on 1 January 2023 and imposes stricter rules for the assessment of sustainable financial 
products and activities. In addition, regulation (EU) (2023/2631 of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 22 November 2023 on European green bonds and voluntary disclosure for 
bonds marketed as sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds came into force in December 
2024. The Issuer aims to ensure that the Green Framework as far as possible be compatible 
with the Taxonomy Regulation. 
1.3 
Form of securities and identification 
MTN issued under this MTN Programme are debt obligations issued in dematerialised form 
and are connected to Euroclear Sweden’s account-based-system, which is why no physical 
securities are issued. The International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) is specified in 
the Final Terms of the respective Loan. MTN are freely transferable. 
1.4 
Admission to trading on a regulated market 
The Issuer may submit an application for registration of certain Loans to Nasdaq Stockholm or 
another regulated market as set out in the Final Terms. The relevant regulated market will, upon 
receipt of the application, make its own assessment and then admit or reject that MTN are 
registered. 
1.5 
Tax 
Certain tax issues regarding Noteholders are summarised below. The summary is based upon 
current law in force and is intended only as general information. The summary does not address 
situations where MTN are held on an investment savings account (Sw. Investeringssparkonto) 
or the regulation as regards the obligation to make income statements, for, e.g., payers of 
interest. Noteholders should consult an independent tax advisor as regards Swedish and other 
tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax agreements) as a result of 
acquisitions, holdings and disposals of MTN depending on their specific circumstances. 
1.5.1 
Noteholders not resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal amount or any amount that is considered to be of interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to the Noteholder should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided that such 
Noteholder (i) is not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a 
permanent establishment in Sweden with which the MTN are effectively connected. 
However, provided that the value of or the return on the MTN relates to securities taxed as 
shares, private individuals who have been residents of Sweden for tax purposes due to a habitual 
abode or continuous stay in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of disposal or 
redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption, may be 
liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of such MTN. In a 
number of cases though, the applicability of this rule is limited by the applicable tax treaty for 
the avoidance of double taxation. 
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is normally not imposed on payments of 
any principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes except 
in relation to certain payments of interest (and other distributions on MTN) to a private 
individual (or the estate of a deceased individual) who is (or was) resident in Sweden for tax 
purposes (see “Noteholders resident in Sweden” below).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
1.5.2 
Noteholders resident in Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased 
individuals) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for 
example, income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on 
MTN) will be taxable. Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of 
corporations, for example investment firms or life insurance companies. Moreover, specific tax 
consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a Noteholder realises a capital loss 
as well as in relation to exchange rate loss and exchange rate gains. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by Euroclear Sweden 
or by a legal entity domiciled in Sweden (including a Swedish branch), or a clearing institution 
in another country within EES, to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) 
with unlimited tax liability in Sweden, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by 
Euroclear Sweden or by the legal entity on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should 
normally also be withheld on other returns on MTN (but not capital gains), if the return is paid 
out together with such a payment of interest referred to above. 
1.6 
Costs 
The Issuer is responsible for all costs associated with the admission to trading of MTN, such 
as the costs of producing prospectus, admission to trading on a regulated market, other 
documentation, fees to Euroclear Sweden etc. 
1.7 
Status 
Loans constitute an unsecured bond with equal right to payment (pari passu) as the Issuer’s 
other existing or future, unsubordinated, unsecured obligations without any preference among 
themselves, except obligations which are preferred by mandatory law. 
1.8 
Sales, price, interest etc. 
Sales will take place through the Dealers receiving issue and sale instructions from the Issuer. 
In connection with the instructions, the price of the MTN is set, which may be over, under or 
corresponding to the Nominal Amount. As the MTN under this MTN Programme can be issued 
continuously for a long period of time, it is not possible to state a uniform sales price or 
otherwise a fixed price for the MTN. Purchase and sales of MTN will be conducted on the 
marketplace on which the instruments, as the case may be, are admitted. Payments for and 
delivery of the MTN is made by the relevant Dealer through Euroclear Sweden’s system. 
The market price of MTN is floating and may be affected by, for example, the current interest 
rates for similar placements with corresponding tenors. 
The returns of an MTN is a function of the price of which the MTN can be purchased, the 
relevant applicable interest rate of the MTN and any brokerage or other costs for the purchase 
of an MTN. 
1.9 
Governing law 
MTN are issued in accordance with the laws of Sweden. Disputes concerning the Terms and 
Conditions shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District Court (Sw. Stockholms 
tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
1.10 
Responsibility 
Each investor shall, subject to its financial situation, determine the suitability of an investment 
in MTN issued by the Issuer. In particular, each investor should: 
i. 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Terms 
and Conditions and the Final Terms of the respective MTN. The investor should evaluate 
the merits and risks of investing in MTN on the basis of the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
ii. 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate an investment 
in the MTN and the impact an investment in the relevant MTN may have on its overall 
portfolio; 
iii. 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
MTN, including interest and foreign exchange risks; 
iv. 
have thorough understanding of how any relevant index, MTN and financial operates; and 
v. 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to 
bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
2 
Risk Factors 
In this section, the risk factors and important circumstances which the Issuer considers to be 
material relating to the Issuer’s operations and future development are illustrated. The risk 
factors relate to the business, industry and markets of the Issuer and include operational risks, 
legal risks, risks related to trademarks, tax risks, financial risks and risk factors relating to 
MTN. The assessment of the materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of its 
occurrence and the expected negative impact. In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
the risk factors illustrated below are limited to those risks that are specific to the Issuer and/or 
the financial instruments and which are essential for making an informed investment decision. 
The below illustration is based on information available as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the currently most material risk factors in a 
category are presented first under that category, whilst subsequent risk factors in the same 
category are illustrated in no particular order. The below risks and uncertainties may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial position and/or result. 
2.1 
Risks related to global factors and markets 
2.1.1 
Climate and weather changes may lead to a poorer harvest and increasing 
commodity prices 
Parts of the Issuer’s business are largely affected by the weather impact of climate change. The 
weather is the single largest factor affecting the size and quality of the harvest and thus the 
international grain and commodity prices. Climate change with more extreme weather 
situations, for example drought and extreme rainfall, also affects growing conditions for the 
most important crops and commodities of the Issuer. There are also risks to ecosystem services 
from increased rates of animal and plant diseases. Long-term temperature increases affect 
facilities, including refrigeration and operating systems, and product quality. Some of the 
Group’s facilities are further located in areas with elevated risk of landslides, floods and storms. 
In the long term, the climate and weather changes may affect the availability of raw material 
and water of good quality as well as affect the soil and the possibility to reduce the occurrence 
of pests and vermin on crops. Therefore, there is a risk that the weather impact of climate 
change, in Sweden and globally, may have extensive negative consequential effects on the 
profitability in the grain value chain and for the Issuer. A decreased profitability of the Issuer 
would have a material impact on the Issuer’s earning capacity and would, amongst other things, 
lead to cost-saving measures and lead to a reduced ability to invest in and develop the business. 
2.1.2 
The Issuer is exposed to macroeconomic factors and political uncertainty 
The demand for the Issuer’s products may in the long term be affected by macroeconomic 
changes such as economic growth, changes to the economic sentiment and customer behaviour, 
demographic changes and population growth. The Issuer is particularly dependent on the 
economic situation in Sweden and Europe, where it conducts most of its business. 
During the past years, several events such as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the geopolitical 
tensions and civil unrest in the Middle East have occurred, with the full extent of their long-
term effects on the global economy yet to be determined (see further risk factors Risks related 
to investments in (geo)political high-risk countries and The Issuer is exposed to changes to 
commodity and energy prices below), as well as other political uncertainties, including instable 
relations between powerhouse nations that create escalating trade restrictions and 
countermeasures. Political uncertainty creates extensive economic uncertainty and the 
introduction or removal or the increase or decrease of tariffs and taxes could complicate the 
export of the Issuer’s products. For example, the United States has threatened to introduce 
tariffs aimed at certain European industries, which could affect both the Swedish and the joint

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
European export and investment capacities. As per 31 December 2024 the Issuer’s sales to 
markets outside of Sweden amounted to 51 per cent. Limitations in the possibility for the Issuer 
to export its products to other markets could increase the cost of the Issuer’s products, which 
could lead to a decreased demand for its products and hence lead to lower profits. It is difficult 
to foresee political changes, but should any of the risks mentioned above materialise, the Issuer 
believes that it, depending on the scope of the materialised risk, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s ability to operate in relevant jurisdictions and lead to the Issuer being 
forced to close parts of its businesses, which could affect the revenue from said sectors. A 
worsened economic sentiment could lead to decreased purchase power among the Issuer’s 
customers and consequently to decreased or no revenue for the Issuer. In an economic downturn 
there is a risk that the Issuer could experience difficulties maintaining a profitable pricing. An 
increase or decrease of the Issuer’s sales prices by +/- 1 per cent, based on the conditions as of 
31 December 2024, would have affected the Issuer’s turnover with +/- 680 MSEK and its 
operating profit by approximately +/- 23 MSEK annually. The Issuer’s exposure towards risks 
associated with economic downturn is limited by the fact that its food and energy operations 
traditionally are less sensitive for changes to the economic sentiment than other industries. 
However, the Issuer’s assessment is that an economic downturn could have a negative effect 
on the Issuer’s revenue-generating opportunities. 
2.1.3 
The Issuer is exposed to changes to commodity and energy prices 
Grains and other commodities constitute a large proportion of the Issuer’s costs and the Group 
is therefore exposed to fluctuations in the price of applicable commodities, as increased prices 
for commodities increase the Issuer’s costs correspondingly. Commodity prices fluctuate 
depending on the supply and demand for the applicable commodities on the global markets, 
which, among other factors, is affected by weather and climate. The Issuer is especially 
vulnerable to fluctuations in the price of wheat, rapeseed, barley oats, ethanol and electricity. 
Further, there is a global instability to the supply and demand for commodities and input 
commodities (Sw. insatsvaror). Pandemics, political instability, war and weather are all factors 
which affect the price for commodities, packaging material, semiconductors and energy 
commodities (Sw. försörjningsmedia) as electricity, gas and steam. Said factors further 
influence logistics and transportation opportunities. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the 
economic sanctions imposed by the European Union pertaining thereto continue to affect the 
supply of certain Russian farming products, such as raw material for feed production and 
mineral fertilizer. It has also led to high levels of inflation during recent years, which has 
affected the price of commodities. However, the impact on the Issuer is minor since the Issuer 
actively hedges its exposures in commodities through physical commodity and financial 
derivatives according to specific risk directives. The Issuer’s compliance with the sanctions 
regulations has led to stopped business relations with some suppliers with direct or indirect 
Russian ownership. The shortage of mineral fertilizer and/or increased fertilizer costs for 
farmers could affect crop yields in Sweden. As Ukraine is an important grain producer, Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine could affect the supply of grains and global grain prices. However, the 
business in Ukraine continues to produce and distribute food and has compensated for reduced 
domestic volumes with an increased share of exports to neighbouring countries. Further, the 
price fluctuations could increase due to a great demand for commodities and limited 
opportunities to increase land use for farming globally and increased uncertainty regarding 
global crop yields due to climate change. 
The profitability of the Issuer’s Biorefineries business that refines grains to ethanol is highly 
dependent on the price relation between ethanol and grains. Both the price of ethanol and the 
input product grains are independently determined by the global markets. The uncertainty as 
regards the price ratio between grains and ethanol makes the production margin difficult to 
predict. Increased grain prices could force the Issuer to increase the price of the end product, 
which could lead to a decreased demand. The extent of the negative effects is mainly 
determined by the price discrepancy between ethanol and grains, where the Issuer profits from

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
a low price for grains and a high price for ethanol. Markets normalized in 2022 following 
restrictions linked to Covid-19 but were then heavily affected by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. 
The price of ethanol remained high throughout 2023 but dropped significantly in 2024 
compared to previous years. The Issuer’s ethanol is sold in the European market where there is 
high demand for biofuels with high climate performance. The Swedish market for ethanol with 
high climate performance is expected to increase following the government's proposal for an 
adjusted reduction obligation (Sw. reduktionsplikt). The recycling business with residual 
products from the food industry further creates a circular economy and contributes to 
profitability. 
The Issuer consumes vast amounts of energy, mainly electricity and gas, in its business 
operations. Through its energy-intense operations, the Issuer is exposed to risks related to 
changes to energy prices. If the Group fails with its strategy to price-protect its electricity 
supply, the Issuer could see increased costs which could have a direct effect on its financial 
results. Based on the conditions on 31 December 2024, a change to the electricity price by +/- 
10 per cent would lead to a value change of the Issuer’s price-protection by +/- 59.5 MSEK and 
a change to the price of gas by +/- 10 per cent would lead to a value change to its gas-price-
protection by 14.9 MSEK annually. Increased energy costs could further lead to increased 
operating costs for the Issuer and affect its operating profit. The full extent of the negative 
effects is mainly dependent on whether the Issuer can roll over the increased costs onto its 
customers by increasing prices. 
The market for the Issuer’s end products is price-sensitive and even small price increases could 
lead to a significant loss of customers. Should the Issuer not be able to pass over its increased 
costs to its end customers, the Issuer could see decreased profitability that could force it to 
impose cost-saving measures. It would further harm the Issuer’s ability to invest in and develop 
its business, which could lead to a worsened market position and the Issuer having to shut down 
parts of its business. Increased costs of commodities and energy could further lead to a 
worsened result, which could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its 
obligations towards its MTN-holders. 
2.1.4 
The Issuer is exposed to heavy competition 
 
The Issuer operates on markets with relatively stable demand and strong price competition. The 
Issuer’s farming, machinery, energy and food businesses are conducted on different markets, 
which makes the Issuer exposed to competition from different actors on said markets. For 
instance, there is strong price competition within the food industry where the Issuer sees a 
continuously strong competition from the grocery chains’ own brands, in addition to the 
competition from other actors. The food market is further characterized by low entry barriers, 
which could lead to competitors that are currently focused on other customer segments or 
geographic markets could start offering products to the Issuer’s customers, which could further 
increase competition. Should said risk materialise, the full extent of the negative consequences 
will be determined by which of the Issuer’s products that will be exposed to said competition, 
and the loyalty among the Issuer’s customers. All development which could lead to increased 
competition can have a direct effect on the Issuer’s business, either by a loss of market shares 
or through increased price pressure and decreased profitability. 
 
2.1.5 
The demand for the Issuer’s products is affected by the Issuer’s ability to adapt its 
business operations after consumer behaviour and trends 
The Issuer’s ability to create demand for its food products is dependent on its ability to monitor 
and adapt to market trends. Consumer behaviour, and hence the demand for the Issuer’s 
products, is dependent on factors such as trends within health, diet and animal welfare among 
others. Due to the current health trend, the Issuer’s food branch, which amounted to 30 per cent

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
of the Issuer’s turnover in 2024, has increased its investments in, and its offerings of, fibre-rich 
bread products and a breakfast assortment based on oats. Further, the Issuer invests around 400 
MSEK annually in its own and external research projects to comply with future demand and 
other challenges. There is a risk that current market trends which the Issuer invests in fades. 
Further, there is a risk that it emerges trends which could have a negative effect on the demand 
for the Issuer’s products. 
A significant share of the Issuer’s grocery products is sold through the sale of daily consumer 
goods (Sw. dagligvaruhandeln). Consumer behaviour is affected by how resellers present the 
products that are being sold, for instance by store and shelf placement, the volume offered and 
the extent of marketing activities. The Issuer’s grocery products compete with other grocery 
products and meal solutions, including the grocery stores’ own brands. There is a risk that the 
exposure of the Issuer’s products will decrease. 
In past years there has been a change to the customer channels, and digitisation has become an 
increasingly important way for companies to reach out to its customers. For instance, the e-
commerce of groceries has increased. There is a risk that the Issuer fails to adapt after new 
consumer behaviours and distribution channels, which could lead to difficulties for the issuer 
to reach out to its customers. 
Decreased demand for the Issuer’s products because of the above-mentioned factors could lead 
to the Issuer losing market shares to competitors and hence generating lower revenue, or none 
at all. Risks relating to trends and changes to consumer behaviour are therefore significant and 
could lead to lower revenue, operating profit and profit margin for the Issuer if it fails to adapt. 
The full extent of the negative consequences is mainly dependent on the Issuer’s ability to 
predict and adapt its business after trends and consumer behaviour. 
2.1.6 
Risks related to investments in geopolitical high-risk countries 
The Issuer is exposed to geopolitical risk in its business. To evaluate such risks the Issuer carries 
out a risk assessment on a continuous basis in all countries the Issuer has business operation in. 
The analysis is based on country ratings made by market leading external rating agencies. 
In 2024 it was only Ukraine that has a substantial credit risk rating, defined as an official credit 
rating at CCC+ or lower. In 2024, the Issuer’s turnover in Ukraine amounted to 229 MSEK, 
which was only 0.3 per cent of the Issuer’s total turnover. Consequently, only a limited and 
very small amount of the Issuer’s total production and purchases is conducted in countries with 
higher geopolitical risk. 
The production at the Issuer’s site in Boryspil outside of Kyiv has after the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine been adversely affected. However, during 2024 the operations in Ukraine continued to 
produce and distribute food and have compensated for the decline in domestic volumes with an 
increased share of exports to neighbouring countries.  
During the past decades the economic growth in geopolitical high-risk countries has been 
uneven across different regions and economic sectors. The economies of the geopolitical high-
risk countries differ from other well-developed countries when it comes to the general education 
level, the economic growth rate, import and export control and the allocation of resources. The 
legal systems in said countries are further not as developed as those in Western Europe, 
especially when it comes to the protection of rights. 
Further, there is a risk that authorities in geopolitical high-risk countries do not apply regulatory 
demands consistently. Such inconsistent application could complicate the compliance with 
applicable regulations, prolong certain transactions and registration matters and lead to more 
unpredictable court proceedings compared to other jurisdictions. Said shortcomings could lead

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
to difficulties enforcing rights under agreements or applicable laws. The Issuer could therefore 
be affected by uncertainties as regards the alteration of applicable laws or the interpretation of 
said laws, the geopolitical development in Sweden and abroad, taxation, interest rates, foreign 
exchange restrictions, import and delivery restrictions, currency devaluation, nationalization or 
other expropriation of private companies and property and other geopolitical or economic 
change. 
Such geopolitical uncertainty could be resource-intensive and time-inefficient, which could 
strain the Issuer’s ability to conduct its business according to its set strategy or even force the 
Issuer to cut its business relations with the relevant country and stop its business operations 
therein. As of today, such limitations to the Issuer’s ability to conduct business in geopolitical 
high-risk-countries are not significant, with the exemption for Ukraine. However, such 
significant limitations could emerge, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business operations and future prospects. If said risks were to materialise, the extent of the 
damage incurred would mainly be dependent on which part of the Issuer’s business that would 
be affected. All developments which could force the Issuer to limit parts of its business could 
have a direct negative effect on the Issuer’s financial results and negative synergies on other 
parts of its business. 
In August 2023 the Russian operations was divested, and the Issuer has thus completely left the 
Russian market. 
2.2 
Risks related to the operations 
2.2.1 
The Issuer is exposed to risks related to acquisitions, entry into new geographical 
markets and disposals   
The growth strategy of the Issuer is dependent on disposals and acquisitions and creation of co-
operative corporations with other actors, and the Issuer completes several significant 
acquisitions, disposals and partnerships annually. Mergers and acquisitions by the Issuer can 
entail several risks and operational challenges for the business of the Issuer, including 
challenges to integrate acquired businesses and staff and to retain and motivate key staff from 
acquired companies. Integration of businesses can also disrupt the on-going operations of the 
Issuer, distract the senior management from their daily responsibilities and inflict obligations 
and responsibilities and lead to increased costs. Future acquisitions can also reduce the Issuer’s 
cash reserve and increase its debt. If the Issuer fails to identify, complete or integrate attractive 
possibilities for acquisitions on beneficial terms, it can lead to reduced growth and that potential 
synergies do not realize according to plan. 
The Issuer’s growth strategy also includes expansion of the operations to new geographical 
markets. Entry into new geographical markets is associated with several risks, such as the 
ability to comply with new regulations, to conduct an accurate market assessment and to recruit 
and retain competent staff. There is a risk that parts of the business model of the Issuer which 
are successful in existing markets will not be successful in new geographical areas or that the 
markets for the Issuer’s services does not grow in line with the expectations of the Issuer. If the 
Issuer fails to accurately assess the possibilities and risks related to geographical expansion and 
consequently fails to establish in new markets, this could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s 
possibilities to generate a profitable growth.  
The Issuer can also divest businesses, companies or properties that no longer fit into the strategy 
of the Issuer, or for other reasons. Several factors can impact if a potential disposal is successful, 
for instance the ability of the Issuer to identify buyers and the Issuer’s ability to negotiate 
beneficial terms in relation to the disposal for the Issuer. Further, it is possible that the Issuer 
must enter into guarantees or incur certain obligations in connection with such a disposal, which 
can be claimed against the Issuer. There is a risk of difficulties related to disposals of assets or

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
business in the future, or that the Issuer fails to conduct such disposals on beneficial terms, 
which can result in unforeseeable costs an unfavourable allocation of significant internal 
resources. 
In 2024, the overall growth of the Issuer was positive and amounted to 4.2 per cent compared 
to 2023, of which 10.3 per cent related to acquired and divested operations, with Scan 
contributing 6,886 MSEK. Currency conversion effects accounted for -0.1 per cent and the 
organic growth was -5.9 per cent. In 2023, the organic growth amounted to approximately 3.8 
per cent and growth relating to acquisitions and disposals to approximately 1 per cent. In light 
of the number of historical transactions which have been completed by the Issuer, the exposure 
to risks related to acquisitions, entry into new markets and disposal, is large. If these risks were 
to materialise, there is a risk for a significant negative effect on the growth and profitability of 
the Issuer. In case any of the risks were to materialise, the extent of the negative effects would 
depend on several factors, including the size of the transaction or investment, expected 
synergies and effect on the strategic focus of the Issuer. 
2.2.2 
The Issuer is dependent on a well-functioning IT system and network security 
The Issuer is dependent on being able to maintain a secure and well-functioning IT environment 
for all parts of the business. In particular, the Issuer is dependent on well-functioning IT systems 
during the summer season, when most of the harvesting is done and large amounts of grain 
shall be retrieved every day, be subject to quality controls and stored correctly. There is a risk 
that the Issuer suffers from interruptions or disturbances in its IT systems, for instance due to 
intrusions, sabotage, viruses, errors or other internal factors such as lack of competence or faulty 
hardware. Interruptions or disturbances in the IT systems can entail that the business, during a 
certain period, cannot be conducted as planned, for instance as a result of interruption of the 
production or that receipt of grains can be made more difficult, in addition to making it more 
difficult to obtain information or completely preventing the ability to do so, which can lead to 
reduced turnover, delays in deliveries and costs relating to investigations. The extent of the 
damage which can be incurred is mainly dependent on the importance of the part of the business 
which is affected and the extent and time frame of the interruption. The Issuer conducts 
proactive and continuous work based on an elaborate risk management programme, including 
loss prevention inspections. Insurance is available for operational risks, including through the 
Group's own insurance company, Dirual Försäkrings AB 
2.2.3 
Risks related to the suppliers of the Issuer  
Certain of the Issuer’s business areas are exposed to counterparty risks and are dependent on 
suppliers for its business, such as suppliers of soy as an ingredient in forage, palm oil as an 
ingredient in produce and forage respectively and grains for production of ethanol. Therefore, 
the Issuer can be affected negatively if its suppliers suffer from economic, legal or operational 
issues, become subject to sanctions, increase their prices, if they are not able to deliver as agreed 
or deliver products of a lower quality. Such factors can affect the Issuer’s ability to purchase 
products on time and to a reasonable price, or deliver products to its customers, which can lead 
to dissatisfaction, damaged customer relations and lower sales. If the Issuer is forced to 
purchase goods from other suppliers in order to be able to fulfil its obligations towards 
customers, certain issues with the transfer can occur and require products to be tested and 
quality-controlled again, which requires resource allocation in terms of both time and money, 
which could result in increased costs for the Issuer. 
The Issuer has a large number of suppliers all over the world, whose business the Issuer does 
not have insight to or is able to control. There is therefore a risk that suppliers act in a manner 
which damages the Issuer, for instance by acting in breach of the Issuer’s Suppliers’ Code of 
Conduct (Sw. leverantörsuppförandekod), which, amongst other things, includes provisions 
requiring the supplier to draft and comply with effective routines to prevent corruption, bribes,

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
money-laundering and unlawful restriction of competition, in all its operations. The Issuer 
utilizes a monitoring method to measure suppliers’ compliance with the Issuer’s sourcing 
policy. For high and medium-risk suppliers in particularly risky markets, background checks in 
the form of due diligence are carried out. The target for completed supplier audits has also been 
updated. In 2024, 96 per cent of high and medium-risk providers were approved. If the suppliers 
of the Issuer breach applicable laws or do not comply with the suppliers’ code, it can lead to 
negative publicity for the Issuer. A worsened reputation can lead to the loss of customers, 
decrease in the value of the trademark and lower revenues, which in turn affects the Issuer’s 
profitability and appeal as an employer. 
2.2.4 
Risks associated with the environment 
Environmental impact from the Issuer’s operations occurs primarily in the cultivation, from 
fossil fuels, production of fertilizer and from land when the soil has been processed and grains 
grow. In later years, focus on environmental and climate issues has increased, both from media 
and in politics. The Issuer has entered into certain non-financial goals related to its 
environmental impact and work with targets for reduced environmental impact in its own 
operations, purchased transports and primary production. The overall goal is to have a pace of 
reduction in line with the Paris Agreement in the whole value chain. If the Issuer fails to achieve 
its non-financial targets related to the environment it can lead to negative publicity. 
The Issuer’s different businesses are subject to several environmental and other protective rules 
in form of legislation and regulations from authorities in the different jurisdictions where the 
Issuer has or has had production facilities. As the Issuer’s production facilities are located in 
over 20 different countries around the world, compliance with such requirements can be 
complex and time consuming. Such regulations cover, amongst other things, production, 
storage, usage, post-processing, emissions, handling and transport of hazardous substances and 
work environment. If the Issuer fails to comply with applicable environmental legislation or to 
obtain necessary permits, the Issuer can be subject to penalty fees or other sanctions. During 
2022, 2023 and 2024, the Issuer has not been subject to any significant penalty fees or sanctions 
because of breaches of environmental legislation. In this respect, significant fines are penalties 
which exceed SEK 500,000 or which, due to the nature of the non-compliance, may 
significantly affect the Group’s finances or reputation. 
If the Issuer fails to comply with applicable environmental rules it can lead to that the Issuer is 
forced to shut down parts of its business, limit its strategy and be subject to significant penalty 
fees. Increased costs can affect the Issuer’s operating profit, which in turn can affect the Issuer’s 
possibility to finance other parts of the business, including investments and acquisitions. 
Further, the negative publicity will have a direct effect on the market’s image of the Issuer and 
can lead to a significantly reduced potential for revenue for the Issuer. Environmental risks are 
therefore significant for the business of the Issuer, competition and future outlooks. In case the 
abovementioned risks materialise, the extent of the negative effects will be dependent on the 
extent of the costs of penalty fees, sanctions or remediation measures and to what extent such 
costs are covered by the Issuer’s insurances and the effect any potential damage to the 
reputation of the Issuer can have on the products of the Issuer. 
2.2.5 
The Issuer’s products can be a risk to health 
There is a risk that the Issuer, primarily through its business within produce and farming, is 
subject to infections or sabotage where persons, individually or in concert, deliberately or not, 
contaminate the Issuer’s products so that the products pose a health risk to customers. Within 
the agriculture sector, the Issuer can be exposed to sabotage of animal feed and salmonella 
contaminations in rapeseed flour and can be forced to withdraw products, which can result in 
remediation measures. The occurrence of, or outbreak of infections, such as salmonella, can 
reduce the market’s demand for the Issuer’s products significantly and lead to lower prices.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Further, sabotage can lead to the Issuer being forced to withdraw products and to a decreased 
demand for the Issuer’s products in addition to leading to large costs, including damages which 
are not always covered by applicable insurances, lower prices and profitability, factors which 
combined lead to a lower operating profit. The abovementioned risks could also lead to that the 
Issuer is forced to shut down parts of its business, which could lead to reduced revenues. 
Similarly, lack of quality in the Issuer’s products, for instance because of contamination, 
disease or sabotage, can lead to a lower value of the Issuer’s trademark which, in addition to a 
negative effect on sales also reduces the appeal of the Issuer as an employer.  
2.2.6 
Risks associated with product liability 
The production of food products is subject to special regulations when it comes to ingredients 
and origin. The Issuer’s production process is heavily controlled to ensure that its products are 
reliable and not damaged with errors that could harm the consumer. There is a risk that flaws 
pass through the Issuer’s controls or that the controls are not properly structured. Further, there 
is a risk that conditions beyond the Issuer’s control could cause problems. For instance, the 
Issuer could be subject to sabotage where the Issuer’s products are contaminated on purpose. 
Who to be held liable in case of such disruptions depends on the circumstances of the individual 
case, but the Issuer could incur costs in the form of damages. 
The Issuer’s current and future business operations in the United States are associated with 
specific risks related to product liability. In 2024, the Issuer’s sales in the United States 
amounted to approximately 2 per cent of its total turnover. In the United States, product liability 
lawsuits and tort proceedings are far more common and amount to significantly higher sums 
than in Sweden. 
As of today, the Issuer has not experienced significant costs related to product liability. Should 
any of the risks mentioned above materialise there is a risk that the Issuer’s insurance coverage 
will not be sufficient to fully cover all potential claims towards the Issuer. The cost of fully 
reimbursing all claims not covered by the Issuer’s insurance could be significant. Should the 
above-mentioned risk materialise, the extent of the negative consequences for the Issuer would 
mainly depend on the amount of the claims, and to what extent its insurance company would 
reimburse said claims. All significant costs affect the Issuer’s result negatively, which could 
lead to decreased profitability.  
2.2.7 
Risks relating to the European Commission’s inspection of Biorefineries’ site in 
Norrköping 
The energy industry is seen as a risk sector when it comes to antitrust-behaviour and companies 
that operate within the sector are from time to time subject to investigations by, or procedures 
against, competition authorities. 
In October 2014, the European Commission conducted unannounced inspections at the 
premises of several companies in Europe active within the bioenergy industry, including 
Lantmännen Biorefineries (formerly Lantmännen Agroetanol) in Norrköping. Since October 
2014, the European Commission has investigated Lantmännen Biorefineries and other 
companies for infringement of the European Union’s antitrust regulations regarding ethanol 
trade. In December 2023, Lantmännen Biorefineries received the European Commission’s 
decision. The European Commission has found that Lantmännen Biorefineries during a period 
more than 10 years ago was involved in an infringement of European competition rules in the 
ethanol trade. In light of this, the Commission has imposed a fine of 47.7 MEUR on the Issuer 
and Lantmännen Biorefineries jointly and severally. As a result of the European Commission’s 
investigation, Lantmännen Biorefineries has previously recognised a provision of 500 MSEK. 
The Issuer has cooperated fully with the European Commission throughout the investigation, 
including paying the full fine in March 2024, but contests the conclusions of the Commission’s

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
decision and will continue to fully exercise its rights of defence, including appealing the 
decision to the European Court of Justice in 2024. If Lantmännen Biorefineries is ultimately 
required to pay the sanction fee, it would lead to decreased resources for conducting and 
developing its business. 
2.2.8 
Dependency on employees with key skills  
Employees with key skills within farming, product development, manufacturing, the processing 
industry, sales, marketing, IT-security, business development, finance, strategy and project 
management are of great importance to the Issuer’s business operations and the Group’s future, 
especially as regards the implementation of strategic targets and to effectively lead and control 
the Issuer’s business operations on competitive markets. The Issuer is therefore dependent on 
recruiting and retaining qualified and experienced personnel. 
The Issuer is on the verge of a generational change with employees retiring and handing over 
to a younger generation in the coming years, which stresses the need for the Issuer to ascertain 
future competence. The Issuer could have difficulties in replacing key employees with certain 
skills, should they quit, leave for competitors or retire. In a business environment characterized 
by tough competition and quick turnarounds due to increased digitisation and e-commerce, it 
is important to attract and keep employees with the right skills, experience and values. 
The aforementioned changes could be especially challenging on growth markets, where the 
competition for qualified labour is high and the pool of qualified labour is limited. Said 
competition could further lead to higher compensation levels, which would have a negative 
effect on the Issuer’s financial result. During the financial year 2024, the Issuer’s cost for 
salaries and social security contributions for its employees amounted to 8,530 MSEK. An 
increase of the Issuer’s salary costs (including social security contributions) by 1 per cent 
would, based on the conditions as of 31 December 2024, have affected its operating profit by 
85 MSEK annually. However, should the Issuer’s salary levels be too low, it would risk its 
employees resigning which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s competitiveness 
and business operations. 
There is a risk that the Issuer will not be able to recruit and retain qualified personnel, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to develop its business operations. Shortage 
of expertise or resources may in the long term have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
competitiveness, organisation and ability to reach its strategic targets. Such setbacks could lead 
to significant future revenue loss and a negative impact on the Issuer’s operating profit and 
future prospects. 
2.2.9 
Risks relating to the form of business 
The Issuer is a cooperative association (Sw. ekonomisk förening). The Issuer’s restricted equity 
consists of paid and issued investment capital. As of 31 December 2024, the Issuer’s equity 
amounted to 5,119 MSEK. As of the same date, the total equity of the Group was 25,674 
MSEK. The investment capital in a cooperative association is not as regulated as the share 
capital in a Swedish limited liability company (Sw. aktiebolag). Should a member cease its 
business operations or otherwise resign from the cooperative association, the member’s 
investment capital is typically repaid over a three-year period. The individual members’ 
investment capital is only a limited part of the Issuer’s total equity. Compared to a public limited 
liability company, it is more difficult for a cooperative association to obtain new equity from 
its owners since all existing and potential new owners must fulfil the business-relation 
requirement (Sw. kravet på affärsrelation) and a cooperative associations cannot obtain new 
equity by issuing new shares or rights.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Should the Issuer lose members or fail to obtain new equity, the Issuer’s ability to finance 
investments and acquisitions could be affected, which could lead to decreased economic 
growth. 
2.3 
Risks related to intellectual property rights 
2.3.1 
Intellectual property rights and trademark infringements 
The Issuer is dependent on its ability to protect its intellectual property rights. Most of the 
products of the Issuer are sold under well-established trademarks such as AXA, Kungsörnen 
and GoGreen. There is a risk that the measures taken by the Issuer to protect its trademarks, 
names and trade secrets in countries where the Issuer is not present are not sufficient and that 
the Issuer thus can have difficulties to defend its registered trademarks and other intellectual 
property rights. If the Issuer fails to protect its intellectual property from actors which try to 
take advantage of the Issuer’s trademark or reputation in marketing its own products, it can lead 
to costly disputes or other legal proceedings in respect of the intellectual property rights. If, for 
instance, another party sells products of low quality under a trademark or features protected by 
the Issuer, there is a risk for mix-up or association with the products of the Issuer, which can 
significantly limit the competitiveness of the Issuer or damage its reputation. Costs for 
rebuilding a damaged reputation in the market can be significant and reduce the cash flow of 
the Issuer. A reduced cash flow can affect the possibilities of the Issuer to invest in further 
development of the operations, which can severely damage the future outlooks of the Issuer. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, there is no infringement in a third-party’s intellectual property 
rights and the costs to defend the trademarks of the Issuer has historically been limited. There 
is a risk that the Issuer, going forward, for instance as a result of the launch of products or in 
connection with establishment in new geographic markets, potentially may infringe, or be 
accused of infringement of, a third-party’s intellectual property rights. In case the Issuer would 
be forced to defend itself in a legal dispute regarding intellectual property, significant legal 
costs could be incurred, in addition to potential damages, which can force the Issuer to shut 
down part of its operations, which in turn would have a negative effect on the operating profits 
and future outlook of the Issuer. 
2.3.2 
The Issuer is exposed to risks relating to the value of goodwill and other intangible 
assets with an undefined usage period 
As per 31 December 2024, the Group’s value of goodwill and other intangible assets with an 
undefined usage period amounted to 6,429 MSEK which constituted 11.7 per cent of the 
Group’s total assets. There is a risk that circumstances which are the basis of the Issuer’s 
valuation of its goodwill and intangible assets can change and that certain depreciation may 
have to be made in respect to goodwill and/or intangible assets. Depreciation of goodwill and 
other intangible assets with an undefined usage period is tested annually or as soon as there are 
indications that a demand for deprecation is at hand, for instance due to a changed business 
climate, a decision on disposal or shutdown of operations. The annual tests during the three 
previous financial years have not resulted in a depreciation. 
To the extent such a test would result in depreciation, it would affect the Issuer’s balance sheet 
and income statement, and overall value, negatively. 
2.4 
Legal and political risks 
2.4.1 
Risks related to changed legislation 
The market for energy, food and agriculture operations is subject to extensive regulations. 
Given that the Issuer conducts business in a large number of countries, for instance Sweden,

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Denmark, Finland, Norway, the Baltics, Belgium, France, the Netherlands, the United 
Kingdom, Germany, the USA and Ukraine, the Issuer is affected by, and has to observe, 
extensive and complex regulation on an international, national and local level, and does to a 
certain extent operate a regulated business. For instance, the Issuer conducts a regulated 
business at 19 sites and operations subject to registration at 70 sites pursuant to the Swedish 
Environmental Code (Miljöbalk (1998:808)) only in Sweden. 
As a result of regulations regarding production of ethanol, the Issuer is through its operations 
conducted by Lantmännen Biorefineries, exposed to certain risks. One of the most important 
regulatory questions for Lantmännen Biorefineries in Sweden is the so-called certain customs 
provision for ethanol, which regulates which level to apply in relation to import of ethanol from 
non-EU countries in customs. There is a risk that an abolishment of the certain customs 
provision will lead to that ethanol produced in Sweden will be exposed to increased competition 
and price reductions. Further, the EU’s renewable energy directive (RED III) entered into force 
in 2023 and is now implemented in the member states. The directive can lead to a lower demand 
of crop-based bio-fuels in the EU, which can affect the price and demand of ethanol from 
Lantmännen Biorefineries. If Lantmännen Biorefineries, which refines grains to ethanol, is not 
able to adapt its operations subject to changed regulatory demands pursuant to RED III and 
other regulations in a financially effective way, there is a risk that the business and financial 
situation of the business can be affected negatively. This can, in turn lead to that Lantmännen 
Biorefineries cannot conduct its operations as desired. During 2024, Lantmännen Biorefineries, 
amounted to 10 per cent of the Issuer’s total net turnover from contracts with customers. 
Further, there is a risk that changes to laws, regulations, accounting principles and other rules, 
in addition to changes of EU-regulations, including the interpretation thereof, can lead to more 
limitations or stricter requirements for the operations of the Issuer. The Issuer can also be 
obligated to pay fees, fines, penalties or other sanctions due to breaches of applicable rules. 
Amended rules can also lead to decreased demand in respect of the products of the Issuer, that 
the Issuer is forced to lower its prices or that the Issuer is forced to adapt its operations, which 
can lead to measures for saving or a reduced capability to make investments. As a result of 
changes to regulations, the Issuer can also be forced to allocate significant financial resources 
to compliance, which can affect the Issuer’s operating profit. Considering that large amounts 
of the Issuer’s operations are subject to extensive regulations, the Issuer and its operations are 
exposed to the abovementioned risks. Consequently, risks relating to changes in legislation are 
significant for the Issuer. 
2.4.2 
Risks relating to permits 
Parts of the Issuer’s operations require permits, and the Issuer is therefore obligated to obtain 
the required permits to be able to conduct its operations. In Sweden, the Issuer conducts 
operations which require permits on 19 sites and operations which require notifications to the 
relevant authority on approximately 70 sites in accordance with the Swedish Environmental 
Code. The operations consist of, amongst other things, mills, workshops and facilities for 
manufacturing of forage, ethanol and food. There is a direct impact on the environment 
primarily through noise, emissions to air and water and intermediate storage of hazardous 
waste. Further, the Group is under supervision of supervisory authorities such as the Swedish 
Food Agency (Sw. Livsmedelsverket) and the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority 
exercises supervision over the Group’s credit market company (Sw. kreditmarknadsbolag) and 
insurance companies. The risk that the Issuer should lose a permit due to lacking compliance 
with regulations is not assessed to be significant. There is however a risk that the Issuer’s 
operations which are subject to permits are affected by changes to applicable regulations or as 
a result of new permit requirements. If the Issuer cannot obtain the permits required to conduct 
its operations with reasonable terms, costs or at all, or if the Issuer loses permits which are 
required for an operation or if permits are delayed due to long processing times at the relevant

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
authority, the Issuer’s possibility to conduct its operations may be limited. There is also a risk 
that the Issuer is denied permit to increase volume or production or production facilities. These 
factors can result in the Issuer not being able to conduct its operations as desired or being forced 
to shut down certain parts of its business. Consequently, risks relating to permits are significant 
to the Issuer. 
2.5 
Financial risks 
2.5.1 
The issuer is exposed to currency risks 
The meaning of currency risks is the risk that the effect of a change in exchange rates affects 
the result of and financial situation of the Group negatively. Large parts of the Issuer’s 
commercial cash flow consist of foreign currencies, which exposes the Issuer to so-called 
transaction exposure. The Issuer is primarily exposed to the currencies EUR, DKK, GBP and 
USD. A 10 per cent +/– change in SEK against the currencies used by the subsidiaries would, 
when re-calculating the operating income, have an approximate effect on the operative income 
amounting to +/- 157 MSEK, based on the conditions as of 31 December 2024. There is 
therefore a risk that changes in exchange rates can have a significant effect on the Issuer’s 
result. 
2.5.2 
Risks related to liquidity and financing 
The meaning of liquidity- and financing risks is the risk that the Issuer cannot refinance in case 
of the default of a loan or lend money if the Group has negative cash flows, which can result 
in an urgent liquidity risk. In a worst-case scenario, the Issuer would be forced into bankruptcy 
or liquidation. The risk is mitigated through, for instance, effective spreading of maturity dates 
and counterparties. 
In July 2024, the Issuer entered into a credit agreement with six financial institutions regarding 
a revolving credit facility of 4 billion SEK, with an initial maturity of five years. The maturity 
is 2029 with two optional additional years. If the Issuer has a need for further financing in the 
future, or in case of a re-negotiation of the existing financing, there is a risk that the Issuer 
obtains amended or more burdensome terms as a result of the new negotiations or re-
negotiations, such as increased cost of interest, which can result in limitations for the business 
of the Issuer. Such limitations in the possibility to take up new financing is currently not a 
significant limitation but can increase over time. 
Under the terms of the credit agreement, the Issuer has made certain financial undertakings, so-
called covenants, in respect of for instance net debt/EBITDA. If the Issuer would breach the 
covenants, the lenders have the right to cancel the facilities before the original maturity date. 
There is a risk that the Issuer, in the future, could be in breach of the covenants, which could 
affect the Issuer’s possibility to finance its operations and force the Issuer to seek alternative 
financing. The Issuer’s failure to find new financing on beneficial terms, or at all, would have 
a negative effect on the Issuer’s financial possibilities in respect of its operations, such as 
acquisitions and investments. 
An important part of the financing of the Issuer is deposits from its members, where members 
have deposit accounts with unlimited withdrawals. There is a risk that members, for different 
reasons, decide to move their deposits from the Issuer to other counterparties, which could 
result in a large outflow of cash from the Issuer. 
2.5.3 
The issuer is exposed to increased interest costs 
The interest-bearing borrowing results in that the Issuer is exposed to increased interest costs, 
which can make it more difficult for the Issuer to comply with its undertakings under the credit

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
agreement. Increased interest levels can also entail that the Issuer must allocate a larger portion 
of its cash flow to pay interest, which leads to a decreased cash flow for other purposes, such 
as investments, acquisitions and general corporate purposes. 
2.6 
Risks associated with issued MTN 
2.6.1 
The Benchmark Regulation 
The process for how EURIBOR, STIBOR and other reference rates are determined has been 
subject to the attention of the legislator. This has resulted in several legislative measures. The 
most extensive initiative in this area is the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and 
amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”) which entered into force 1 January 2018 and regulates the 
provision of benchmarks, reporting of input data for benchmarks and the usage of benchmarks 
within the EU. Given that the Benchmark Regulation has only been in force for a short period 
of time, its effects cannot be fully assessed. There is a risk that the Benchmark Regulation can 
affect how certain benchmarks are determined and developed. Further, the increased 
administration, and the regulatory requirements in connection therewith, can result in certain 
actors no longer wanting to participate in the determination process regarding benchmark rates, 
or that certain benchmark rates are no longer published. 
For MTN that are issued with floating rate, the interest rate is determined, pursuant to the Terms 
and Conditions, on the basis of a reference rate, either STIBOR or EURIBOR. STIBOR is a 
so-called critical benchmark in Sweden and is therefore registered on the list of critical 
benchmarks held by the European Commission. The provisions regarding critical benchmarks 
contain extensive requirements with respect to control, supervision, documentation and 
transparency for the benchmark administrator. On the date of this Base Prospectus, the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility AB (“SFBF”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Financial 
Benchmarks Sweden, part of the Swedish Bankers Association (Sw. Svenska Bankföreningen), 
administrates STIBOR. Since 21 April 2023, SFBF is authorised by the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority to act as administrator of STIBOR in accordance with the Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”) and is 
included in the register provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. If STIBOR or EURIBOR at a certain point 
in time cannot be determined, or if a Base Rate Event or Base Rate Event Announcement (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs, there are alternative measures to determine the 
applicable reference rate used to calculate the interest rate. However, there is a risk that such 
alternative measures are not as beneficial to the Noteholders. Further, there is a risk that the 
challenges in connection with determining an alternative reference rate for the interest rate of 
a certain MTN can result in time consuming discussions and/or disputes which may have 
negative effects for the Issuer and/or Noteholders.  
2.6.2 
Risks associated with Green Bonds 
The Issuer may, in accordance with the Final Terms for MTN, issue Green Bonds pursuant to 
the criteria set out by the Issuer’s Green Framework, which outlines the framework for Green 
Bonds. There is a risk that MTN, pursuant to these criteria, do not fit into the requirements, 
preferences or specific investment mandates of an investor, and an investor is therefore 
responsible for obtaining up-to-date information on the principles and risks for Green Bonds. 
The Green Framework as well as market practice can develop after a certain Loan date, which 
can result in more beneficial terms for Loans issued thereafter or more strict requirements for

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
the Issuer. Amendments to the Green Framework made after the date of a certain Loan will not 
affect the Noteholders of the Loan, except for required amendments to the Green Framework. 
The Taxonomy Regulation provides the basis for identifying and classifying environmentally 
sustainable investments and may entail a stricter assessment of which financial instruments are 
allowed to be marketed as “green” products. If the Issuer fails to comply with the Taxonomy 
Regulation, for example with regard to information requirements or fulfilment of 
environmental criteria, this may result in restrictions on the Issuer’s ability to advertise MTNs 
as a green product. 
Although the Issuer shall utilise an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the funds 
contributed from the Green Bonds in accordance with its Green Framework, there is a risk that 
circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer may affect the evaluation and selection of assets 
or the handling of the proceeds of the issue may not be carried out as intended. Furthermore, 
there is a risk that circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer will lead to the Green Projects 
not being implemented on time (or at all) or with the results originally expected by the Issuer. 
These circumstances may for example, be related to the general economic situation and the 
global credit market, credit risks in the Issuer’s positions or liquidity and funding risks (see risk 
factors above). Such events do not entail an event of default. Thus, in such cases, Noteholders 
do not have the right to prepayment or repurchase of Green Bonds or other compensation. 
There is also a risk that an amount corresponding to the net proceeds of a Green Bond is not 
used to finance one or more Green Projects due to a temporary absence of Green Projects or 
that the maturity of a Green Bond does not fully overlap with one or more Green Projects. Such 
circumstances do not entail an event of default. Thus, in such cases, Noteholders do not have 
the right to prepayment or repurchase of Green Bonds or other compensation. 
Should the Issuer fail to use the net proceeds from the Green Bonds in accordance with its 
Green Framework in respect of a certain Loan or should a certain Loan no longer be classified 
as a green bond due to the Taxonomy Regulation or for any other reason, it does not entail an 
event of default under such Loan. In such cases, Noteholders do not have the right to 
prepayment or repurchase of a Green Bond or other compensation. Consequently, there is also 
a risk that investors are in breach of internal policies or investment mandates. 
The Issuer assesses that the probability of the above occurring cannot be estimated. The Issuer 
assesses that the expected negative effect on MTNs if the above occurs is low. The Issuer’s 
overall assessment is that the above constitutes a low risk for an investment in MTNs. 
2.6.3 
Liquidity risks 
The Issuer will apply for registration of MTN on Nasdaq Stockholm or another regulated 
market in accordance with the respective Final Terms for MTN. Previously issued MTN have 
been subject to very few transactions on the secondary market. There is a risk that the planned 
secondary market for MTN will not develop, be maintained or be liquid (i.e. that there will not 
be a large enough supply of MTN or large enough demand for MTN on the market). 
Noteholders is therefore at risk of not being able to sell its MTN at the desired time or to the 
price which would result in the return comparable to similar market positions which have an 
existing and functioning secondary market. The lack of liquidity on the market can thus have a 
negative effect on the market value of the MTN.  
2.6.4 
Noteholders’ Meeting and lack of Noteholders’ representative 
The Calculation Agent shall, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, amongst other 
things, call noteholders’ meetings. Except for this meeting, the investors do not have a 
representative that represents them in respect of the MTN. Therefore, each individual investor

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
can take measures on its own in respect of the MTN, which could affect all investors. An 
example of such a measure is an application for bankruptcy of the Issuer. There is therefore a 
risk that one investor can take measures in respect of the MTN which are not desired for other 
investors and which may affect the market value of MTN negatively.  
In addition to the above, it is noted that certain majorities of Noteholders can make all investors 
legally bound by certain decisions, including those investors which have voted against the 
relevant majority. This may mean that measures taken by the majority, in such cases, can affect 
the Noteholders’ rights in respect of the MTN in a way which is not desired for certain 
noteholders. 
2.6.5 
Noteholders lack security in the assets of the Issuer and the Issuer can pledge 
assets as security and incur other debt 
Noteholders which hold MTN lack security in the assets of the Issuer, and will, in case of the 
Issuer’s insolvency, be a creditor without priority. The secured creditors of the Issuer will have 
a right to payment from secured assets before creditors without priority (including creditors 
which hold MTN). The Issuer has undertaken not to pledge assets as security for other Market 
Loans. There are otherwise no limitations on the Issuer’s possibility to incur new debt or to 
pledge assets as security. There is therefore a risk in case of insolvency of the Issuer for 
creditors that hold MTN that the Issuer incurs further debt or pledges assets as security to other 
creditors which have a right to payment with higher priority than the claim of the holder of the 
MTN. 
2.6.6 
Voluntary redemption 
The Terms and Conditions include a possibility for the Issuer to, in certain situations, redeem 
Loans prior to the Maturity Date, resulting in that the market value of MTNs in general is not 
expected to increase significantly over the price to which it can be redeemed. This can apply 
also before a redemption period. In case of voluntary redemption, there is a risk that an investor 
cannot re-invest the proceeds from the redemption at an effective interest rate which is as high 
as the interest rate of the relevant MTN. 
Further, there is a risk that the Issuer elects to exercise its right to voluntary redemption at a 
time when the market value of MTNs is higher than the redemption value. This can affect the 
possibility of an investor to re-invest the proceeds from the redemption on the same terms as 
the redeemed MTN. Investors cannot expect a Loan to be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date 
but must be prepared for repayment on the Maturity Date.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
3 
Responsibility for the Base Prospectus 
The board of directors of the Issuer is responsible for the Base Prospectus and, to the best of the knowledge 
of the board of directors of the Group, the information provided in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Dealers have not 
verified the information provided in this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority’s approval should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Company that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it 
be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
 
Stockholm, 16 April 2025 
Lantmännen ek för  
The board of directors of the Group

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
4 
Product description 
Below follows a description of constructions and terms which appear in the Terms and 
Conditions and which are applicable upon issuance of MTN under this MTN Programme. The 
construction of each Loan is set out in the Final Terms, which are applicable together with the 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the MTN Programme from time to time. For a description 
of the below definitions, see the Terms and Conditions on pages 28-51. 
4.1 
Basis for calculation of interest 
For MTN issued under the MTN Programme, the relevant basis for calculation of interest for 
the specific Loan will be set out in the Final Terms. Under the MTN Programme and pursuant 
to paragraph 6.2 of the Terms and Conditions, there is a possibility to issue Loans with any of 
the basis for calculation of interest described below. When calculating the interest period under 
which the interest shall accrue, different day count conventions are used depending on the basis 
for calculation of interest. 
4.1.1 
Day Count Conventions 
For Loans with fixed interest rate, the Day Count Convention ”30/360” is used, meaning that 
the calculation is based on a year of 360 days divided into 12 months of 30 days each and in 
case of a fraction of a month using the actual number of days of the month that have passed. 
For Loans with floating interest rate, the Day Count Convention “actual/360” is used, meaning 
that the calculation is based on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant Interest Period, 
divided by 360. 
Which of these Day Count Conventions that are to be used to calculate the Interest Period for 
each relevant Loan will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.1.2 
Loans with fixed interest rate 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with fixed interest rate, interest accrues in accordance with the 
Base Rate from (but excluding) the Loan Date, up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
For Loans with a fixed interest rate, accrued interest shall be paid in arrears on each Interest 
Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
4.1.3 
Loans with floating interest rate 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with floating interest rate, interest accrues from, but excluding, 
the Loan Date, up to, and including, the Maturity Date. The Base Rate for each respective 
Interest Period is calculated by the Calculation Agent on each respective Determination Date 
and consists of the Base Rate plus the Base Rate Margin for the same period, adjusted with 
regard to application of section 7 (Replacement of Base Rate) in the Terms and Conditions. 
The Base Rate is the reference rate specified in the Final Terms or such other Successor Base 
Rate, which as a result of a Base Rate Event or a Base Rate Event Announcement, succeeds the 
original Base Rate. The original Base Rate will usually refer to STIBOR for loans in SEK and 
EURIBOR for loans in EUR. Interpolation of reference rate means that the reference rate is 
determined by two known variables as set out in the Final Terms. 
If the Base Rate cannot be determined on the Determination Date as a result of obstacles 
described in paragraph 17.1 of the Terms and Conditions, the Loan shall continue to accrue 
interest at the base rate applicable for the immediately previous Interest Period. As soon as the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
obstacle has ceased, the Calculation Agent shall calculate a new Base Rate to apply from the 
second Business Day after the day of calculation up to and including the end of the then ongoing 
Interest Period. 
Accrued interest shall be paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using 
the Day Count Convention Actual/360 or such other basis for calculation as applies to the 
relevant Base Rate. 
4.1.4 
Zero coupon 
Zero Coupon Loans do not bear interest. 
4.1.5 
Benchmark rates 
Interest payable for MTN issued under the MTN Programme may be calculated by reference 
to certain benchmarks, STIBOR and EURIBOR, as defined in the Terms and Conditions. 
STIBOR is provided by SFBF and EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Market 
Institute. 
Since 21 April 2023, SFBF is authorised by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority to 
act as administrator of STIBOR in accordance with the Benchmark Regulation and is 
included in the register provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. The European Money Market Institute 
was registered 2 July 2019 as administrator under article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
4.1.6 
Redemption 
An MTN is due for payment at its nominal amount on the Maturity Date, as set out in the Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer may however, at any time and at the price specified in the Final Terms at its option, 
redeem all, but not less than all MTN issued under the relevant Loan, together with accrued 
interest (if any), prior to their Maturity Date, provided it is permitted by applicable law. If the 
Issuer, in accordance with paragraph 9.1 of the Terms and Conditions, redeems a Loan prior to 
its Maturity Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholder’s in accordance with section 16 
(Notices) no later than ten (10) Business Days but not more than forty (40) Business Days prior 
to the date of the voluntary redemption.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
5 
Terms and Conditions 
Terms and Conditions  
The following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to loans which 
Lantmännen ek för (Reg. No. 769605-2856) (the “Issuer”) issues in the capital market under an 
agreement dated 2 November 2015 between the Issuer, Swedbank AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, 
Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp1 and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)2 in 
respect of a MTN Programme (“MTN Programme”) by issuing notes in SEK and EUR with varying 
maturities, however not less than one year, commonly referred to as medium term notes (“MTN”). 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set forth above, as used in these Terms and Conditions, the 
following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account 
operator (Sw: kontoförande institut) pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw: lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and through which a Noteholder has opened a 
Securities Account in respect of its MTN; 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in respect 
of a particular Loan less the amount of all MTN held by a Group Company, irrespective of 
whether or not the Group Company is directly registered as owner of such MTN; 
”Arranger” means Swedbank AB (publ) or any other Dealer replacing Swedbank AB (publ) 
as Arranger; 
“Base Rate” means in regard to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR or 
EURIBOR as described in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or 
EURIBOR in accordance with section 7 (Replacement of Base Rate); 
“Business Day” means a day other than a Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden or 
which is not treated as public holiday for the purpose of payment or, with respect to the 
payment of promissory notes, a day which is not the equivalent of a public holiday in 
Sweden. Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve, Christmas Eve and New Year’s Eve shall for the 
purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays; 
“Calculation Agent” means (i) if a Loan has been issued by two or more Issuing Dealers, 
the Issuing Dealer designated by the Issuer to be responsible for certain administrative 
tasks regarding the Loan in accordance with the Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan has been 
issued by only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer; 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a certain period, the 
basis of calculation stated in the Final Terms and which: 
 
1 Nordea Bank AB have 1 October 2018 through a merge, been incorporated in Nordea Bank Abp and have through that acceded as a part to the 
MTN programme.  
2 Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) acceded as a Dealer and Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) resigned as a Dealer through an 
amendment agreement dated 25 November 2020.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
(a) 
if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, the amount shall be 
calculated based on a year with 360 days consisting of twelve months of 30 days 
each and, in the event of a partial month, the actual number of days which have 
passed in the month; and  
(b) 
if the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, the amount shall be 
calculated using the actual number of days in the relevant period divided by 360. 
“Dealers” 
means 
Swedbank 
AB 
(publ), 
Danske 
Bank 
A/S,  
Danmark, Sverige Filial, Nordea Bank Abp and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
and every other dealer specially authorized by Euroclear Sweden to process and register 
issues in the Euroclear Sweden system that accedes to this MTN Programme in 
accordance with paragraph 13.3, however only as long as such institution has not resigned 
as a dealer; 
“EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with 
the European Union’s framework for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU); 
 
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day on 
page EURIBOR01 of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such 
other page as replaces the said system or page) for EUR for a period comparable 
to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference 
Banks for deposits of EUR ten million (10,000,000) for the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent, best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest Period; 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Reg. No. 556112-8074); 
“European Reference Banks” means four major commercial banks which, at the current 
time, are quoting EURIBOR and are appointed by the Calculation Agent; 
“Final Terms” means the final terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN 
Programme in accordance with Appendix 1 (Form of Final Terms); 
“Green Framework” means the Issuer’s Green Framework valid at the date of issuance 
for a Loan which can be found on the Issuer’s website; 
“Group” means the corporate group of which the Issuer is the parent company (where the 
terms corporate group and parent company have the meanings as defined in chapter 1, 
paragraph 10 of the Swedish Cooperative Associations Act (Sw. lag (2018:672 om

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
ekonomiska föreningar)) (or such other legislation which replaces the aforementioned 
legislation); 
“Group Company” means any and all legal entities which from time to time are part of the 
Group; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date from 
which interest (where applicable) begins to accrue; 
“Issuing Dealer”, means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those Dealers through 
which MTN will be or have been issued; 
“Loan” means each Loan, comprising of one or more MTN, which the Issuer raises under 
this MTN Programme; 
“Loan Terms” means, for a particular Loan, these Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms for such Loan; 
“Market Loan” means loans taken up through the issuance of commercial paper, bonds or 
other securities (including loans under MTN or other market loan programmes) which are 
sold, brokered, or invested in an organized form and which are, or may be, admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market;  
“Maturity Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date when MTN shall be 
repaid; 
“MTN” means a unilateral debt instrument in the Nominal Amount which has been 
registered in accordance with the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (Sw: lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring 
av finansiella instrument) and is part of a Loan issued by the Issuer under this MTN 
Programme; 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount of each MTN as stated in the Final Terms (less any 
repaid amount); 
“Noteholder” means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct 
registered owner or nominee with respect to an MTN; 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting of the Noteholders as described in section 13 
(Noteholders’ Meeting); 
“Programme Amount” is the programme amount which the Issuer and the Dealers agree 
on from time to time; 
“Record Date” means the fifth (5) Business Day (or another Business Day prior to the 
relevant day which is market practice on the Swedish bond market), prior to (i) the payment 
date for interest or principal in accordance with the Loan Terms; or (ii) another day on which 
payment is to be made to Noteholders; (iii) the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting; (iv) 
dispatch of notice; or (v) another relevant date; 
“Reference Banks” means Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ);

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments; 
“Securities Account” means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by 
Euroclear Sweden pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner of any securities is directly registered or (ii) 
an owner’s holding of securities is registered in the name of a nominee;  
“SEK” means the official currency of Sweden; 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the 
relevant day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page ”STIBOR=” (or 
through such other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) 
for SEK for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference 
Banks for deposits of SEK one hundred million (100,000,000) for the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(c) if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest rate 
which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent, best reflects 
the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
1.2 
Further definitions, such as Interest Structure, Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Payment Date(s) and Interest Period are set forth (where applicable) in the Final Terms. 
 
1.3 
The definitions set forth in these Terms and Conditions shall also apply to the Final Terms. 
 
1.4 
Upon calculation of whether a limit specified in SEK has been reached or exceeded, an 
amount in another currency shall be calculated based on the exchange rate applicable 
on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant point in time and which is 
published on Refinitivs’ screen ”SEKFIX=” (or through another system or another screen 
which replaces such system or screen) or, where such rate is not published, according to 
the rate for SEK for the relevant currency on the aforementioned day which is published 
by the Swedish Central Bank on its website (www.riksbank.se). 
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Issuer may issue MTN, denominated in SEK or in EUR, 
with a maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued in multiple tranches 
without the approval of any Noteholder provided that the conditions of such tranches are 
identical except for Settlement Date, Aggregate Nominal Amount, Price per MTN and 
Issuing Dealer. 
2.2 
By subscribing to MTN, each initial Noteholder approves that its MTN shall have the rights

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
and be subject to the conditions set forth in, and be governed by, the provisions of the Loan 
Terms. By acquiring MTN, each new Noteholder confirms such approval. 
2.3 
The Issuer undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN and to otherwise 
comply with the Loan Terms for the Loans issued under this MTN Programme. 
2.4 
If the Issuer wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Issuer shall enter into a 
separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the Issuing 
Dealer for such Loan. 
2.5 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each Loan which together with these Terms 
and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms for the Loan.  
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN shall be registered in a Securities Account on behalf of each Noteholder and, 
accordingly, no physical securities will be issued. A request concerning the registration of 
MTN shall be made to an Account Operator. 
3.2 
Any person who acquires the right to receive payment under a MTN through a mandate, a 
pledge, the regulations in the Swedish Children and Parents Code (Sw: föräldrabalken), 
terms of a will or deed of gift or in some other way shall register their rights in order to 
receive such payment.  
 
3.3 
The Calculation Agent shall, for the purpose of carrying out its duties in accordance with 
section 12 (Termination of Loans) and 13 (Noteholders meeting), at all other times be 
entitled to obtain information from the debt register (Sw: skuldbok) kept by Euroclear 
Sweden in respect of the MTN. 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER 
4.1 
Any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the 
Loan Terms or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be able to produce a power of attorney 
or other proof of authorization from the Noteholder or a chain of such powers of attorney 
and/or proof of authorisation from the Noteholder. 
4.2 
A Noteholder may authorise one or more parties to represent the Noteholder in relation to 
certain, or all, of the MTN held by the Noteholder. Any such representative may act 
independently. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
MTN become due and payable in the Nominal Amount on the Maturity Date. If the Maturity 
Date falls on a day which is not a Business Day, the Loan will be repaid on the next following 
Business Day. Interest according to section 6 (Interest) shall be paid on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
5.2 
Payment in respect of MTN denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK and payments in 
respect of MTN denominated in EUR, shall be made in EUR to the person who is registered

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
as a Noteholder on the Record Date for the respective payment date or to such person who 
is registered with Euroclear Sweden as being entitled to receive such payment. 
5.3 
If a Noteholder has registered, through the Account Operator, that principal or interest shall 
be deposited into a certain bank account, such deposit shall be affected by Euroclear 
Sweden on the relevant payment date.  
5.4 
Should Euroclear Sweden not be able to effect payments as aforesaid due to any delay by 
the Issuer or other obstacle attributable to the Issuer, the Issuer shall ensure that such 
payments are made to the persons who are registered as Noteholders on the relevant 
Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle no longer exists. In such case, interest 
shall be payable in accordance with paragraph 8.1. 
5.5 
In the event the Issuer is unable to perform a payment obligation through Euroclear Sweden 
due to an obstacle for Euroclear Sweden, the Issuer shall be entitled to postpone the 
payment obligation until such obstacle has been ceased. In such case, interest shall be 
payable in accordance with paragraph 8.2. 
5.6 
If payment is made in accordance with this section 5 to a person who is not entitled to 
receive such amount, the Issuer and Euroclear Sweden shall nonetheless be deemed to 
have fulfilled their payment obligations. However, the aforementioned shall not apply if the 
Issuer or Euroclear Sweden were aware that payment was made to a person not entitled 
to receive the payment or if the Issuer or Euroclear Sweden did not act with normal care. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
For Loans on which interest accrues, interest shall be calculated on the Nominal Amount, 
unless otherwise stated in the Loan Terms. 
6.2 
Interest on a certain Loan is calculated and payable (where applicable) in accordance with 
the Final Terms. The relevant Interest Structure shall be stated in the Final Terms according 
to one of the following alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with a Fixed Rate, the Loan shall bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan shall bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest rate from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The Interest rate for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the 
Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of section 7 
(Replacement of Base Rate).

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date 
because of an obstacle described in paragraph 17.1, the Loan shall continue to bear 
interest at the rate that applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. As 
soon as the obstacle has been ceased, the Calculation Agent shall calculate a new 
Interest Rate which shall be effective from the second Business Day following the 
day of the calculation until the expiration of the current Interest Period. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360, or by using such 
other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero 
Coupon may be issued at a discount, par or premium. 
6.3 
Accrued interest (where applicable) is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing a Fixed Rate is not a Business Day, interest 
will be paid on the next Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued only up to and 
including the Interest Payment Date. 
 
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan with a Floating Rate is not a Business Day, the next 
Business Day shall be the Interest Payment Date provided that such Business Day does 
not occur in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
previous Business Day. Interest is calculated and payable up to and including the Interest 
Payment Date. 
7. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
7.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in paragraph 7.2 below has occurred, the Issuer shall, 
in consultation with the Calculation Agent, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably 
possible, determine a Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the 
procedure to determine upon necessary administrative, technical and operative 
amendments to the Loan Terms in order to apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable 
Base Rate. The Calculation Agent is not obligated to participate in such consultation or 
determination as described above. Should the Calculation Agent not participate in such 
consultation or determination, the Issuer shall, at the Issuer’s expense, as soon as possible 
appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably 
possible, determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the 
Adjustment Spread and other amendments have been finally decided no later than prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, 
they shall become effective with effect from and including the commencement of the next 
succeeding Interest Period, always subject to any technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden 
and any calculations methods applicable to such Successor Base Rate. 
7.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (”Base 
Rate Event”) which means: 
(a) the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
exist or ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a 
result of the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing 
to be calculated or administered; 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base Rate 
Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Administrator 
ceases to provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan) permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or 
publication, no successor administrator has been appointed or is expected to be 
appointed to continue to provide the Base Rate; 
(c) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the 
relevant Loan) is no longer representative of the underlying market which the Base 
Rate is intended to represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will not be 
restored in the opinion of the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of the 
Base Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using 
the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) or it 
has otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant 
Interest Period of the relevant Loan); 
(e) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trustee 
of the Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and 
resolution framework (Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of EURIBOR, from 
the equivalent entity with insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate 
Administrator, containing the information referred to in (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate 
Event as set out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
7.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Issuer may (but are not obligated to), if it is 
possible at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, in consultation with the Calculation Agent or through the appointment of an 
Independent Adviser, initiate the procedure as described in paragraph 7.1 above to finally 
decide the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order 
to change to the Successor Base Rate at an earlier time. 
7.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event 
definition has occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been 
finally decided at the latest prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such 
Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided but due to 
technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden, cannot be applied in relation to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be: 
(a) if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; or

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
(b) if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this section are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, 
provided that all relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and 
the adjustments described in this section 7 prior to every such subsequent Interest 
Determination Date, but without success. 
7.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments 
becoming effective, the Issuer shall promptly, following the final decision by the Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments, give notice thereof to the 
Noteholders and Euroclear Sweden in accordance with section 16 (Notices). The notice 
shall also include information about the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the Issuer shall also give notice of the 
amendments to the relevant stock exchange. 
7.6 
The Independent Adviser and the Calculation Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this section 7 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss caused 
by any determination, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the determination 
and final decision of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any amendments 
thereto to the Loan Terms, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct. The Independent Adviser and the Calculation Agent shall never be responsible 
for indirect or consequential loss. 
7.7 
In this section 7 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
”Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread to be applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the 
replacement of the Base Rate; or 
(ii) if (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order 
to eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to 
another as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in 
comparable debt capital market transactions. 
”Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in 
relation to STIBOR and European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to EURIBOR 
or any person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
”Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as 
set out in paragraphs 7.2 (b) to 7.2 (e) that any event or circumstance specified therein will 
occur. 
”Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute in 
the debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
”Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant 
supervisory authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or 
committee of any of them, or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Sw. Finansiella 
stabilitetsrådet) or any part thereof. 
”Successor Base Rate” means: 
(i) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure 
and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate terms 
as MTN, which is formally recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base 
Rate by a Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the Issuer in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser determines is most 
comparable to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this 
definition shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
8. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
8.1 
In the event of delay in payment, default interest shall be paid on the amount from the 
Maturity Date up to and including the day on which payment is made, at an interest rate 
which corresponds to the average of one week’s STIBOR for MTN denominated in SEK 
and one week’s EURIBOR for MTN denominated in EUR, as long as the default remains, 
with the addition of two percentage points. STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be denominated 
on the first interest Business Day in each calendar week during the period of the delay. 
Default interest, in accordance with this paragraph 8.1 for interest-bearing Loans shall 
never be paid at an interest rate less than the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan 
at its Maturity Date, with the addition of two percentage points. Default interest is not 
compounded with the principal amount.  
8.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle for the Dealers or Euroclear Sweden, default interest 
shall be paid, at an interest rate which correspond with (i) for interest-bearing Loans, the 
interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan at its Maturity Date, or (ii) for Zero Coupon 
Loans, the average of one week’s STIBOR or one week’s EURIBOR as long as the default 
remains. STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be denominated on the first interest Business Day 
in each calendar week during the course of the delay. 
9. 
VOLUNTARY REDEMPTION 
9.1 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer may redeem the relevant Loan

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
prior to the Maturity Date, the Issuer may at any time and at the price specified in the Final 
Terms, together with accrued interest (if any), at its option, redeem all, but not less than 
all MTN, issued under the relevant Loan, prior to its Maturity Date, provided that it is 
compatible with applicable law. If the Issuer, in accordance with this paragraph 9.1, 
redeems the Loan prior to its Maturity Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholder’s in 
accordance with section 16 (Notices) no later than ten (10) Business Days but not more 
than forty (40) Business Days prior to the date of the voluntary redemption.  
10. 
REPURCHASE 
10.1 
Following agreement with the Noteholders, the Issuer may repurchase MTN at any time 
provided that this is compatible with applicable law. MTN owned by the Issuer may be 
retained, transferred or redeemed.  
11. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
11.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Issuer shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loan rank, at least, pari 
passu with the Issuer’s other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligation, except 
such obligations preferred by law.  
 
11.2 
The Issuer’s operations and assets 
As long as any MTN is outstanding, the Issuer undertakes not to significant change the 
nature of the Group’s operation or sell or otherwise dispose any assets, if such disposal 
has a significant adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations towards 
the Noteholders.  
11.3 
Programme Amount 
The Issuer may not issue additional MTN under the MTN Programme if the total principal 
amount of the outstanding MTN under the MTN Programme, including those MTN 
intended to be issued, exceeds the Programme Amount on the day on which the

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
agreement regarding the issuance of MTN was entered into between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  
11.4 
Negative Pledge 
The Issuer undertakes, as long as any MTN is outstanding: 
a) not to provide security or cause any other to provide security, whether in the form of a 
contingent liability or otherwise, for any Market Loan that has been or may be issued 
by the Issuer; 
b) not to provide security for Market Loans, other than through contingent liability (which 
in turn may not be secured) that has been or may be issued by other than the Issuer; 
and 
c) to ensure that Group Companies, other than the Issuer, when taking up Market Loans, 
comply with the provisions in paragraph a) and b) above, save that such other Group 
Companies may provide contingent liability (which in turn may not be secured) for 
other Group Companies’ Market Loans. 
 
11.5 
Admission to trading on a Regulated Market 
The Issuer (itself or the relevant Dealer on its behalf) undertakes to apply for admission 
on the relevant Regulated Market for Loans which according to the Final Terms shall be 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and to use its best effort to ensure that the 
Loans remains listed as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, however not longer than 
as permitted under applicable laws and regulations of the relevant Regulated Market and 
Euroclear Sweden.   
11.6 
Governing law etc. 
The Issuer undertakes to comply in all material respects with prevailing rules and 
instructions by Swedish or relevant foreign governmental authorities, central bank, or 
other public authorities or Regulated Markets to which the MTN have been admitted to 
trading.  
11.7 
Availability of Loan Terms 
The Issuer undertakes to keep the prevailing version of these Terms and Conditions and 
the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans which are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market available on its website. 
12. 
ACCELERATION OF LOANS 
12.1 
The Calculation agent shall in writing declare the relevant Loan, including any accrued 
interest, immediately due and payable, or payable at such date decided by the Calculation

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
agent or the Noteholders’ Meeting (as applicable), upon the occurrence of any 
circumstances stated in paragraph 12.2 and if: 
(i) 
so requested by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders Meeting; or 
(ii) so requested in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of the request, represent not 
less than one tenth of the total outstanding Nominal Amount for the relevant Loan. 
Noteholders shall, upon request, provide evidence that the Noteholder is a 
Noteholder on the relevant Business Day. Such request may only be made by a 
Noteholder that sole represents one tenth of the total outstanding Nominal Amount 
or jointly of Noteholders who, together, represents one tenth of the total outstanding 
Nominal Amount on the relevant Business Day. 
12.2 
Loans may only be declared due and payable in accordance with paragraph 12.1 if: 
a) the Issuer fails to make timely payment of principal or interest regarding the relevant 
Loan under this MTN programme, unless the delay (i) is a result of a technical or 
administrative error; and (ii) does not continue for more than three (3) Business Days;   
b) the Issuer, other than stated in paragraph (a) above or in the section Green Bond in 
the Final Terms, fails to perform its obligations under the Loan Terms regarding 
relevant Loan under this MTN Programme and where correction is possible and the 
Issuer receives a written request for correction of the Calculation Agent, Issuing Dealer 
or Noteholders and where such correction has not occur in twenty (20) Business Days; 
c) (i) any Group Company, regarding another loan, fail to pay when due or within the 
applicable grace period and such loan, as a consequence thereof, has been 
accelerated, or could have been accelerated, where no notice of acceleration provision 
exists or where the non-payment would have constituted the final payment, if the delay 
in payment continues for ten (10) Business Days, provided that the outstanding debt 
under the relevant loan amounts to not less than SEK two hundred and fifty million 
(250,000,000) (or an equivalent value in another currency), or (ii) another loan to a 
Group Company has been declared due and payable in advance as a consequence 
of an acceleration provision (regardless of the nature), provided that the total of due 
and payable liabilities under such accelerated loans amounts to not less than SEK two 
hundred and fifty million (250,000,000) (or an equivalent value in another currency); 
d) any Group Company fails, within fifteen (15) Business Days from the day such 
company receives a legitimate claim, to make performance under any guarantee or 
surety which such company has provided for the financial obligations of a third party, 
provided that the total legitimate claims not satisfied within such time amount to not 
less than SEK two hundred and fifty million (250,000,000) (or an equivalent value in 
another currency);  
e) assets owned by a Group Company with a value in excess of SEK twenty-five million 
(25,000,000) (or an equivalent value in another currency) are attached and sold or 
becomes subject of similar foreign proceedings and such attachment and sale or other 
foreign proceedings are not accelerated within thirty (30) Business Days from the 
enforcement decision or the decision regarding similar foreign proceedings;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
f) any Group Company cancel its payments;  
g) any Group Company applies for, or admits an application for, company reorganization 
according to the Swedish Companies Reorganization Act (Sw. lag (2022:964) om 
företagsrekonstruktion) or similar proceedings; 
h) an event of bankruptcy of the Issuer occurs; 
i) an event of voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, or unvoluntary liquidation of any Group 
Company, occurs; or 
j) a circumstance occurs which entails that the Issuer is replaced as the debtor under a 
relevant Loan by another party and such decision has not been approved by the 
Noteholders in accordance with paragraph 13.9. 
The term “loan” as used in paragraph c) above also includes overdraft accounts (SW: 
kredit i räkning) and sums which are not received as a loan, but which must be paid on 
the basis of a debt security obviously intended for public trading.  
12.3 
The Calculation Agent may not declare the relevant Loan, together with any interest, due 
for payment in accordance with this section 12 with reference to a termination provision if 
a Noteholders’ Meeting has resolved that the relevant circumstances shall not give rise 
(temporary or preliminary) to a termination pursuant to this section 12.  
12.4 
The Issuer shall be obligated to immediately notify the Issuing Dealer and the Noteholders 
in accordance with section 16 (Notice) in the event any acceleration provision in paragraph 
12.2 becomes applicable. In the absence of such notice, neither the Calculation Agent nor 
the Issuing Dealer, irrespective of actual knowledge, shall be deemed to be aware of a 
termination provision. Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuing Dealer are obligated 
itself to monitor whether the provisions of acceleration exist according to paragraph 12.2. 
12.5 
Upon redemption of Loans following acceleration in accordance with paragraph 12.1: 
a) interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN which together with 
accrued interest, would have been redeemed on the final Maturity Date; and 
b) non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN determined by 
the following formula as per the date of acceleration of the Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Calculation Agent for Swedish government 
bonds with an outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the 
remaining terms of the relevant Loan. In the absent of such ask rate, 
the bid rate shall be used instead, as reduced by a market bid/ask 
spread, expressed in percentage points. The calculation shall be 
based on the closing quotation.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day Count 
Convention Actual/360 for MTN denominated in SEK or EUR. 
 
13. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
13.1 
The Calculation Agent may and shall, at the request of another Issuing Dealer, the Issuer 
or the Noteholders, that at the time of the request represent not less than a tenth of the 
Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan (such a request can only be made by 
Noteholders registered in the debt register maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the 
Business Day occurring immediately after the day the request was received by the 
Calculation Agent and must, if a request is made by a number of Noteholders, be made 
jointly) convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the relevant Loan. 
13.2 
The Calculation Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notice of this to 
each Noteholder, the Issuer, and Issuing Dealer within five (5) Business Days from the 
date when a request was received from the Issuer, Noteholders, or the Issuing Dealer in 
accordance with paragraph 13.1 (or such later date as necessary for technical or 
administrative reasons). 
13.3 
The Calculation Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the 
proposed decision must be approved by any party in addition to the Noteholders and this 
party has notified the Calculation Agent that such approval will not be given, or (ii) the 
proposed decision is not compatible with governing law.  
13.4 
The notice of the meeting described in paragraph 13.2 shall include (i) time for the 
meeting, (ii) place for the meeting, (iii) the agenda of the meeting (including each request 
of decision by the Noteholders) and (iv) a form of power of attorney. Only matters that 
have been included in the notice may be decided on at the Noteholders’ Meeting. If 
notification by the Noteholders is required to attend the Noteholders’ Meeting, such 
requirements shall be included in the notice.   
13.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and no 
later than thirty (30) Business Days after the date of the notice of the meeting. Noteholders’ 
Meetings for several Loans under the MTN Programme may be held at the same occasion. 
13.6 
Without deviating from provisions of these Terms and Conditions, the Calculation Agent 
may prescribe such further provisions relating to the convention of and holding of the 
Noteholders’ Meeting as it considers appropriate. Such provisions may include, among 
other things, the possibility of Noteholders voting without attending the meeting in person 
or that electronic voting or a written voting procedure shall be used.   
13.7 
Only a person who is or has been provided with a power of attorney in accordance with 
section 4 (Right to act on behalf of Noteholders) by someone who is a Noteholder on the 
Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting, may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ 
Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN is covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The 
Calculation Agent may attend the Noteholders’ Meeting and shall ensure that an extract 
from the debt register maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date for the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Noteholders’ Meeting, is available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
13.8 
The Noteholder and the Calculation Agent, and their respective representatives or 
advisors, are entitled to participate at the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting 
may decide that another person may attend. Representatives shall submit a duly issued 
power of attorney to be approved by the chairperson of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The 
Noteholders’ Meeting shall commence with the appointment of a chairperson, a secretary 
to take the minutes, and persons to attest the minutes. The chairperson shall prepare a 
list of Noteholders that are present and entitled to vote at the meeting, with information on 
the proportion of the Adjusted Loan Amount that is held by each respective Noteholder 
(the “Voting Register”). The Voting Register shall thereafter be approved by the 
Noteholders’ Meeting. When applying these provisions, Noteholders who have provided 
their vote through electronic voting, ballot paper or the equivalent shall be deemed to 
present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who were Noteholders or representatives 
for such Noteholders on the Business Day of the Noteholders’ Meeting, and who are 
covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and shall be included in the 
Voting Register. The Issuer shall be granted access to relevant voting calculations and 
the basis for these. The minutes shall be completed as soon as possible and made 
available to Noteholders, the Issuer, and the Calculation Agent.   
13.9 
Decisions on the following matters requires the approval of Noteholders representing not 
less than ninety (90) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount of which Noteholders are 
voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
a change of the Maturity Date, reduction of Nominal Amount, changes in terms 
relating to interest or amount to be repaid (other than in accordance with the Loan 
Terms, including what follows from the from the application of section 7 
(Replacement of Base Rate)) or change in the specified Currency of the Loan; 
(b) 
a change to the terms of this section 13; 
(c) 
a substitution of debtor; and 
(d) 
a mandatory exchange of MTN for other securities.  
13.10 Matters that are not covered by paragraph 13.9 require the approval of Noteholders 
representing more than fifty (50) per cent. of the part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for 
which Noteholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This 
includes, but is not limited to, changes to and waivers of rights related to the Loan Terms 
that do not require a greater majority (other than changes as described in section 14 
(Change of terms, etc.)) and termination of Loans. 
13.11 A Noteholders’ Meeting is quorate if Noteholders representing not less than fifty (50) per 
cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan in respect of a matter in 
paragraph 13.9 and otherwise twenty (20) per cent. of the Adjusted Loan Amount under 
the relevant Loan are attending at the meeting in person or via telephone (or by a 
representative with a power of attorney). 
13.12 If a Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the Calculation

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Agent shall convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with paragraph 13.2) 
provided that the relevant proposal has been withdrawn by the party or parties that initiated 
the Noteholders’ Meeting. The quorum requirement in paragraph 13.11 shall not apply at 
such new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum 
requirements for some but not all maters which are to be decided on the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, decisions shall be made in those matters for which a quorum is present whereas 
any other matters shall be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting.  
13.13 A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting that extends obligations or limits rights of the Issuer, 
an Issuing Dealer or the Calculation Agent under the Loan Terms shall also require 
approval of the party concerned. 
13.14 A Noteholder that holds more than one MTN does not have to vote for all the MTN it holds 
and does not have to vote in the same way for all the MTN it holds. 
13.15 The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any 
compensation to any Noteholder in order that this Noteholder will give its approval under 
the Loan Terms, unless such compensation is offered to all Noteholders that give their 
approval at a relevant Noteholders’ Meeting.   
13.16 A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting is binding on all Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan, irrespective of whether they are represented at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Noteholders shall not be liable for any losses that the decision causes to other 
Noteholders.  
13.17 The Calculation Agent’s reasonable costs and expenses occasioned by a Noteholders’ 
Meeting, including reasonable payment to the Calculation Agent, shall be paid by the 
Issuer.  
13.18 At the request of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall without delay provide the 
Calculation Agent a certificate stating the total Nominal Amount for MTN held by Group 
Companies on the relevant Record Date prior to a Noteholders’ Meeting, irrespective of 
whether such Group Company is directly registered as the owner of MTN. The Calculation 
Agent shall not be responsible for the content of such certificate or otherwise be 
responsible for determining whether a MTN is owned by a Group Company. 
13.19 Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall be notified, without delay, of any and all 
decisions made at a Noteholders’ Meeting through a press release published on the 
Issuer’s website and in accordance with section 16 (Notices). At the request of a 
Noteholder, the Calculation Agent shall provide the Noteholders the minutes of the 
relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. However, failure to notify the Noteholders as stated above 
in this section does not affect the validity of the decision. 
14. 
CHANGE OF TERMS ETC.  
14.1 
The Issuer and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and obvious 
errors in these Terms and Conditions. 
14.2 
The Issuer and the Calculation Agent may agree on adjustments to correct any clear and

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
obvious errors in the Final Terms of certain Loans.  
14.3 
The Issuer and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Noteholders, agree on and execute amendments to the Loan Terms in accordance with 
what is described in section 7 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such amendments will be 
binding on those covered by the Loan Terms.  
14.4 
Engagement of a new Dealer to the MTN Programme may be made through an agreement 
between the Issuer, the dealer in question and the other Dealers. A Dealer may resign as 
a Dealer, but a Calculation Agent in respect of a specific Loan may not resign unless a 
new Calculation Agent is appointed in its place.  
14.5 
Amendments to or concession of Loan Term in cases other than as set out in paragraphs 
14.1 to 14.4 shall take place through a decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting as described in 
section 13 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
14.6 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment to the terms may include the 
objective content of the amendment and need not contain a specific wording of the 
amendment. 
14.7 
A decision on an amendment of the terms shall also include a decision in respect of when 
the amendment enters into force. However, an amendment shall not enter into force until 
it has been registered with Euroclear Sweden (where applicable) and published on the 
Issuer’s website.  
14.8 
The amendment or concession of Loan Terms in accordance with this section 14 shall be 
promptly notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with section 16 (Notices) 
and published on the Issuer’s website. 
15. 
PRESCRIPTION 
15.1 
Claims for the repayment of principal shall be prescribed ten (10) years after the Maturity 
Date. Claims for the payment of interest shall be prescribed three (3) years after the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the Issuer shall be entitled to keep the 
funds that has been reserved for such payments.     
15.2 
If a period of limitation is tolled, a new limitation period of ten (10) years will commence 
for claims in respect of principal and three (3) years for claims in respect of interest 
amounts, in both cases calculated from the day of the tolling of the limitation period, as 
such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Limitations Act (Sw: 
preskriptionslagen (1981:130)).  
16. 
NOTICES 
16.1 
Notices shall be given to the Noteholders of the relevant Loan at the address registered 
with Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date prior to dispatch. A notice to the Noteholders 
shall also be published through a press release and published on the Issuer’s website. 
16.2 
Notices to the Issuer or Dealers shall be provided at the address registered with the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw: Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to 
dispatch.  
16.3 
A notice to the Issuer or Noteholders in accordance with the Loan Terms that is sent by 
normal mail to the stated address shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient 
on the third Business Day after dispatch and notice sent by courier shall be deemed to 
have been received by the recipient when delivered to the specified address. 
16.4 
In the event a notice is not sent correctly to a certain Noteholder the effectiveness of notice 
to other Noteholders shall be unaffected.  
17. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, ETC. 
17.1 
With regards to the obligations imposed on the Dealers, the Dealers shall not be held 
liable for any losses arising out of any Swedish or foreign legislation, actions by Swedish 
or foreign public authorities, acts of war, strikes, blockades, boycott, lockout or any other 
similar circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and 
lockouts applies even if the concerned Dealer itself takes such measures or is subject to 
such measures. 
17.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by a Dealer if the relevant Dealer 
has exercised due care. In no circumstance shall compensation be paid for indirect losses. 
17.3 
Should a Dealer not be able to fulfil its obligations due to any circumstance set out in 
paragraph 17.1, such actions may be postponed until the obstacle has been ceased. 
17.4 
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
18.1 
This Loan Terms and any other non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Loan Terms shall be governed by Swedish law.  
18.2 
Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. Stockholm District Court (Sw: Stockholms 
tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
We hereby confirm that the above Terms and Conditions are binding upon us. 
Stockholm 19 April 2024 
 
LANTMÄNNEN EK FÖR

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
6 
Form of Final Terms 
Appendix 1 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FINAL TERMS LOAN NO [•] 
UNDER LANTMÄNNEN EK FÖR:S (”THE ISSUER”) 
MTN PROGRAM 
 
The Loan shall be subject to Terms and Conditions dated [14 April 2021]/[20 April 2022]/[21 April 
2023]/[19 April 2024] and the Final Terms set out below. Definitions not defined in these Final 
Terms shall have the meaning described in the Terms and Conditions or otherwise in the Issuer’s 
Base Prospectus, approved and registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 
16 April 2025, including any, from time to time, published supplemental prospectuses (the “Base 
Prospectus”) prepared in accordance with Article 8.1 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council. This document constitutes the Final Terms for the Loans 
and has been prepared in accordance with Article 8.5 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council. Full information on the Issuer and the Loan is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented). 
The Base Prospectus and any supplemental prospectuses are available on the Issuer’s website 
(www.lantmannen.se) and may also be requested free of charge from the Issuer’s headquarter. 
[[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [insert date], whereupon the Nominal Amount 
has been increased from [SEK]/[EUR] [amount in numbers] to [SEK]/[EUR] [amount in numbers].] 
GENERAL 
1. 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
2. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche 1: 
[•]  
 
[(iii) 
Tranche 2: 
[•]] 
3. 
Issue Price per MTN: 
[•] per cent. Of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
4. 
Currency: 
[Swedish kronor (”SEK”)]/[Euro (”EUR”)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[SEK]/[EUR] [•] (the amount may not be less 
than EUR 100,000 or corresponding 
amount in SEK)

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Settlement Date: 
[•] 
7. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[•] 
9. 
Interest Structure: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[STIBOR/EURIBOR FRN (Floating Rate 
Notes)] 
[Zero Coupon] 
10. 
Amount with which MTN is to 
be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date:  
100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
11.  
Call Option:  
[Issuer Call]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
paragraphs of this section) 
 
(i) Provisions in relation to 
voluntary redemption 
[The Issuer may redeem the MTN prior to 
the Maturity Date in accordance with 
section 9 (Voluntary Redemption) of the 
Terms and Conditions on [•] [and each 
Interest Payment Date thereafter] at [•] per 
cent of the nominal amount] 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST PAYABLE 
12. 
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
paragraphs of this section) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Convention: 
[(30/360)] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Payment 
Day(s): 
[•] in each year, first time [•] and last time [•], 
however if such a day is not a Business 
Day, interest will not be paid until the 
following Business Day. However, interest 
is only calculated and payable up to and 
including the Interest Payment Date 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the 
case of long or short coupons) 
13. 
Floating Rate Provision (FRN): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
paragraphs of this section) 
 
(i) 
Base Rate: 
[•] month(s) [STIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
[The Base Rate for the first interest period 
shall be calculated using linear interpolation

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
between [•] month(s) [STIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
and [•] month(s) [STIBOR/EURIBOR]] 
 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[+/-] [•] per cent per annum, of the nominal 
amount 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Convention: 
[(Actual/360)] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[The second/[•]] Business Day prior to the 
first day of each Interest Period, beginning 
on [•] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period: 
The time from [•] to and including [•] (the first 
Interest Period), and thereafter each period 
of approximately [•] months ending on an 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
(vi) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)  
[•], [•], [•] and [•] in each year, first time [•] up 
to including the Maturity Date, however if 
such day is not a Business Day, the Interest 
Payment Date shall be deemed to be the 
next Business Day, provided that such 
Business Day does not occur in a new 
calendar month, in which case the Interest 
Payment Date shall be deemed to be the 
previous Business Day. The Interest will be 
calculated and payable up to and including 
each relevant Interest Payment Date.  
14. 
Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this section)  
 
(i) 
Terms for Loans without 
Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify details] 
OTHER INFORMATION 
15. 
Issuing Dealer(s): 
[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S 
Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[Nordea Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[•] 
16. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S 
Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[Nordea Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[•] 
17. 
 
Admission to trading: 
[An application in relation to admission to 
trading will be submitted to [Nasdaq 
Stockholm AB]/[specify other regulated 
market]] 
 
(i) Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
 
[•]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(ii) Total numbers of securities 
admitted to trading: 
 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) The earliest date on which 
the 
securities 
will 
be 
admitted to trading: 
[•] 
 
18.  
 
 
 
 
 
Green Bonds: 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify below) 
Green Framework applies to this Loan.  
19. 
Interests of natural and legal 
persons involved in the issue: 
 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify] 
(If applicable, describe the interests of any 
natural or legal persons involved in the issue, 
that might be of significance to the Issue, 
including possible conflicts of interest)  
 
20. 
 
Applicable specific risk 
factors:  
 
[In accordance with the risk factor with the 
heading [[specify] in the Base Prospectus] 
[“Risks associated with Green Bonds”] in 
the Base Prospectus] 
21. 
Clearing: 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
22. 
ISIN: 
SE[•] 
23. 
Issue rating: 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify] 
24. 
Date of approval for the issue:  
[•] 
25.  
Estimated net proceeds: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [•] less customary transaction 
costs and fees 
26. 
The use of the proceeds:  
 
[Specify]/[In accordance with the Green 
Framework]  
 
The Issuer hereby confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to Loan, together with the 
Terms and Conditions and undertakes to repay the Loan and to, where applicable, pay interest 
in accordance herewith. [The Issuer further confirms that it has disclosed all material events that 
has occurred after the date of the Base Prospectus, that could affect the market’s assessment of 
the Issuer.  
 
[Stockholm] [Date] 
LANTMÄNNEN EK FÖR

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
7 
Information about the Issuer 
7.1 
Description of the Issuer 
Lantmännen ek för, with registration number 769605-2856, is a cooperative association (Sw. 
ekonomisk förening) incorporated in Sweden on 1 January 2001 under the laws of Sweden. The 
original Svenska Lantmännens Riksförbund was established on 30 August 1905. The Issuer’s 
form of association is regulated by the Cooperative Associations Act (Sw. lag (2018:672) om 
ekonomiska föreningar). The Issuer was registered with the Swedish Companies Registration 
Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on 26 January 2000. The registered office of the Issuer is located in 
Stockholm with postal address Box 30192, 104 25 Stockholm and visiting address S:t 
Göransgatan 160 A, 112 17 Stockholm. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Code of the Issuer is 
529900AB08F05L4HWU11. 
The governance of the Group is based on, inter alia, the Issuer’s statues, the Cooperative 
Associations Act, the Code of Governance of Cooperative and Mutual Enterprises and other 
applicable laws and regulations.  
The Issuer is an agricultural association owned by its members. According to the statues of the 
Issuer, the purpose of the Issuer is to enhance the members’ economic interests by way of 
purchasing, refining and selling products from the members’ plant cultivation as well as 
marketing and selling input materials for the use in the members’ production (plant cultivation, 
animal production and forestry), operating trade of construction goods, machines and 
equipment for the use in the members’ production, carry out activities in the food sector and 
other production areas and services to the extent that the executive board considers it 
appropriate, owning and managing real estate and engaging in financial activities, enhancing 
the technical and economic development of agriculture, enhancing the agriculturalists’ 
association business and engaging in activities compatible or related hereto.  
7.2 
Main business  
The Issuer is an agricultural association, operating in agriculture, machinery, bioenergy and 
food. The Issuer is owned by approximately 17,000 Swedish farmers and the Issuer had about 
12,000 employees as per 31 December 2024. The Issuer operates on an international market 
with Sweden as its base of operations. During the year 2024 the Issuer had a turnover of 
approximately SEK 68 billion. 
The main objective of the Issuer’s business is the farmland and its potentials. With the base of 
grains, the Issuer enhances the resources of the farmland for a viable agriculture and takes 
responsibility from field to fork. 
The Group consists of the parent company Lantmännen ek för and approximately 140 units in, 
amongst others, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway, the Baltics, Belgium, France, the 
Netherlands, the United Kingdom, Germany, the USA and Ukraine. The Group is organised in 
three sectors – the Agriculture Sector, the Energy Sector and the Food Sector. In addition, there 
are three separate business areas, Scan, Swecon and Real Estate, as further described below.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
  
The turnover in 2024 was allocated to the respective sectors as follows: 36 per cent (Agriculture 
Sector), 10 per cent (Energy Sector), 30 per cent (Food Sector), 9 per cent (Scan Business 
Area), 14 per cent (Swecon Business Area) and 1 per cent (Real Estate Business Area).  
In December 2023, the Issuer signed an agreement to acquire HKScan Oyj’s Swedish 
operations, HKScan Sweden AB. The acquisition includes all operations in Sweden and the 
brands Scan, Pärsons and Bullens. It broadens and strengthens the Issuer’s business portfolio 
from field to fork and enhances the long-term conditions for Swedish farming. The transaction 
was subject to approval by the relevant authorities and in March 2024 the acquisition was fully 
approved and completed. The new name of the company is Scan Sverige and the business is a 
new business area within the Group. 
7.2.1 
Agriculture Sector  
The Agriculture Sector, which constitutes the Issuer’s core business, develops and markets 
products and services to promote strong, competitive farming. The Sector accounts for 36 
percent of the Group’s sales. The Agriculture Sector is based in Sweden and has a good position 
in the Baltic Sea region through its international wholly and partly-owned companies. 
The Sector consists of Lantmännen Agriculture Sweden, Lantmännen Machinery in Sweden, 
Lantmännen Agriculture Finland, Lantmännen Agro in Denmark and Lantmännen Seed in the 
Netherlands. The Sector is responsible for the Issuer’s ownership interests in the Scandagra 
Group in the Baltic region and Scandagra Polska in Poland. 
Lantmännen Agriculture Sweden offers a wide range of products for crop and livestock 
production and purchases grain, oilseeds, pulses and forages which are sold on to grain traders 
and Swedish and international industry. 
Lantmännen Machinery imports, markets and sells agricultural machinery and spare parts and 
provides services in Sweden. The product portfolio contains brands as Fendt, Kuhn, Väderstad 
and Joskin. 
As of 1 April 2023, the agricultural business in Finland operates in two separate companies 
focusing on separate sales channels: Lantmännen Agro and Lantmännen Agro Kauppiaat. 
Lantmännen Agro provides agri-supply for crop production and feed for livestock production 
and horses. The company also trades in grain in the Finnish and international markets. 
Lantmännen Agro Kauppiaat is responsible for the sale of agricultural inputs, feed, machinery, 
spare parts and fuels. Lantmännen Agro in Denmark is primarily a buyer of Danish grain and 
a key part of the Issuer’s internal grain value chain. Lantmännen Seed in the Netherlands 
conducts plant breeding of triticale and potato at the processing station in Emmeloord.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
7.2.2 
Energy Sector 
The Energy Sector produces bioenergy products and accounts for 10 per cent of the Group’s 
sales. The Sector operates in a global market with the main focus in Europe, and has facilities 
in Sweden, Finland, Denmark, France and the UK. 
The Energy Sector manufactures and markets sustainable ethanol fuel, protein feed, carbon 
dioxide, starch products, gluten, vodka, beta glucan, oat protein, alkylate petrol, lubricants and 
solid processed wood fuels. In 2024, the division included Lantmännen Biorefineries, 
Lantmännen Aspen, and Scandbio, with Scandbio being divested at the end of November 2024. 
The Sector has wholly or partly-owned companies in Sweden, Finland, Denmark, France, 
Germany, the UK, South Korea and the USA. 
The Lantmännen Biorefineries facility in Norrköping is a large-scale biorefinery where 
renewable raw materials are processed into products that can replace fossil-based products. 
Grain and starchy residues are processed into ethanol, carbonic acid, wheat protein for food 
(gluten) and a protein-rich feed material. The biorefinery is the Nordic region’s largest producer 
of ethanol with a high climate performance and a carbon footprint that is over 95 per cent lower 
than fossil fuels. Lantmännen Biorefineries facility in Lidköping produces and supplies 
ingredients and finished goods to the food, paper and beverage industries, and is an important 
part of the grain value chain. The construction of a new production facility in Lidköping began 
in the autumn of 2024 for the extraction of plant-based proteins using peas and faba beans as 
raw materials. The facility is expected to be completed in the first half of 2027 and the 
investment of SEK 1.2 billion is the largest investment of its kind in Sweden. The Lantmännen 
Biorefineries facility in Kimstad processes oats into beta-glucan and oat protein and also 
produces heat-treated peeled oat kernel for further processing in the food industry. 
Lantmännen Aspen, with its brands Aspen, Agrol, Marline and Coryton, manufactures and 
markets fuels, lubricants and chemical products that create benefits for machinery, people and 
the environment. The products are produced in Sweden, France and the UK and sold in about 
30 countries in Europe, as well as in South Korea, Japan, the USA and Canada. During 2024, 
Aspen Group was established with the aim of developing coordination and governance to 
promote continued growth. Aspen offers environmentally friendly fuels, such as alkylate petrol 
and HVO diesel for small engines. Agrol markets lubricants and chemical maintenance 
products to the professional market for agriculture, forestry and construction in the Nordic 
countries. Marline offers fuels for small engines, including alkylate petrol and is also active 
within machine and hardware retail. Coryton produces speciality fuels for the motor industry 
and motorsport, with its base and production in the United Kingdom. 
7.2.3 
Food Sector 
The Food Sector refines grain and other raw materials from arable land and produces flour, 
bread, breakfast products, pasta and ready meals. The Issuer’s green sprout emblem, which can 
be found on the product packaging, is a guarantee of responsibly produced food. The Sector 
offers “Good food” to customers in food retail, food service and the food industry, and accounts 
for 30 per cent of the Group’s sales. 
The Food Sector consists of Lantmännen Unibake, Lantmännen Cerealia and the Issuer’s 
ownership interests in the partly owned companies Viking Malt and KG:s Ägg. The Food 
Sector produces food in 51 facilities in 14 countries under brands such as Kungsörnen, AXA, 
Start!, Bonjour, Hatting, Korvbrödsbagarn, Schulstad, Finn Crisp, Amo, Vaasan and Myllyn 
Paras. 
The Food Sector works to achieve resource-efficient production, more sustainable packaging 
solutions, transport with a low climate impact, safe work environments, and responsible

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
sourcing and business relationships. Good food from Lantmännen is used to communicate 
responsible food production from field to fork. Lantmännen Unibake and Lantmännen Cerealia 
are affiliated with the Science Based Targets initiative, a global programme for companies to 
reduce emissions in line with the Paris Agreement. During 2024, Cerealia's climate goals were 
approved in the programme, and Unibake's goals were approved already in 2023. 
Lantmännen Unibake is a producer of bakery products, with sales in more than 60 countries. 
In 2024, a large-scale investment was made in a new bakery in Romania, and two production 
lines were commissioned. The new bakery is a key factor in being able to grow in southeastern 
Europe. 
Lantmännen Cerealia develops, produces and markets grain-based products such as flour, 
hulled grains, muesli, granola, pasta, pancakes, crispbread, pulses, food grains, whole grains 
and vegetarian products, and ready meals. Operations are conducted in Sweden, Norway, 
Denmark, Finland and Ukraine, with sales through food retailers, the food service sector and 
directly to industrial bakeries and food producers. Sales are primarily in the domestic markets, 
but also through exports of crispbread and snack products. Lantmännen Cerealia's goal is for 
flour from Kungsörnen and oatmeal from Axa to be produced in a fossil-free value chain. Such 
a chain was established during 2024. The work of focusing the business on core categories 
continued in 2024 and the ready meals business under the Gooh brand was divested. 
7.2.4 
Business area Scan 
The business area Scan includes the company Scan Sverige, a meat and charcuterie company 
with meat from Swedish farms. Scan Sweden is committed to sustainable development in the 
value chain and works closely with the farms to achieve a net zero climate footprint throughout 
the value chain by 2050. The Business Area accounts for 9 per cent of the Group’s sales. 
7.2.5 
Business area Swecon 
The business area Swecon is a dealer in machinery for the construction and civil engineering 
industry and a partner of Volvo Construction Equipment. Swecon sells Volvo construction 
equipment in Sweden, Germany, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. In September 2024, 
Lantmännen acquired Entrack Group, which supplies wear parts and tools in Sweden, Finland, 
Poland and Italy in particular. In May 2024, a dealer agreement for Sweden, Germany, Estonia 
and Latvia was signed with the Ammann Group, following Volvo's announcement at the end 
of 2023 that it would sell its Hammeln facility, which manufactured asphalt machines. 
Ammann has a wider range of road machinery than Swecon was previously able to offer 
customers. Swecon offers a broad range of construction machinery, equipment, spare parts, 
training, servicing and support through its service facilities. The Business Area accounts for 14 
per cent of the Group’s sales. Swecon focuses on digital solutions and services in the area of 
productivity, with the aim of systematically reducing carbon dioxide emissions. 
7.2.6 
Business area Real Estate 
The business area Real Estate aims to provide the Group's operations with suitable properties 
and premises and to optimise the return on externally leased properties. Lantmännen 
Fastigheter manages and develops 150 properties in 80 locations, mainly in Sweden but also in 
Finland and Denmark. The business area generally accounts for about 1 per cent of the Group’s 
sales, including 2024. 
7.3 
Organisation and ownership structure 
The Issuer is a member owned association, where the members are both users and owners of 
the Issuer. In accordance with the articles of association of the Issuer, the members shall

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
conduct farming or food production. The Issuer operates as a cooperative and is owned by 
approximately 17,000 Swedish farmers. The owners have an equity stake in the Issuer and 
jointly own the industrial operations. The members are entitled to the Issuer’s surplus. 
The Issuer is the parent of the Group. As per 31 December 2024 the Issuer had approximately 
140 wholly and partly owned subsidiaries in Sweden and abroad. In addition, the Group is a 
shareholder in several international companies. As the Issuer’s operations are partially 
conducted through its subsidiaries, the Issuer is dependent on its subsidiaries to generate profit 
and cashflow as well as to meet its obligations under the MTN Programme. 
The Issuer has group functions with the objective to operate its respective business and support 
the Group’s leadership and the divisions in matters which are of mutual interest to the Group. 
The group functions are Economy and Finance, Owner Relations, Research and Development, 
Communication and Human Resources, Sustainable Development, Legal and Compliance, 
Marketing and Brand, IT, and Mergers & Acquisitions and Business Development. 
7.4 
Information on trends and material changes in the Issuer’s 
financial situation 
There have been no recent events specific to the Issuer that could have a material impact on the 
solvency of the Issuer. Furthermore, there have been no material negative changes in the 
prospects of the Group since the publication of the Group’s audited annual report for 2024, nor 
have there been any significant changes in the Group’s financial performance or financial 
position since the end of the last financial period and up to the date of this Prospectus. 
7.5 
Board of Directors 
According to the articles of association, the Issuer’s Board of Directors consists of a minimum 
of 7 and a maximum of 11 members elected by the general meeting. The Board of Directors 
also consists of three employee representatives. The board members elected by the general 
meeting are elected for two years at a time. All of the board members can be contacted via the 
Issuer’s head office on the address S:t Göransgatan 160 A, 104 25 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Per Lindahl (born 1964) – Chairman 
Other assignments: Board member of Viking Malt Oy and team SE. Member of the Royal 
Swedish Academy of Agriculture and Forestry (KLSA). 
 
Jan-Erik Hansson (born 1963) – Vice Chairman 
Other assignments: -  
 
Gunilla Aschan (born 1960) – Board member 
Other assignments: Board member of Fyrklövern ekonomi och juridik AB. 
 
Patrick Aulin (born 1972) – Board member 
Other assignments: Board member of LRF Växtodling. 
 
Jenny Bengtsson (born 1984) – Board member 
Other assignments: Chairman of Lantmännen Research Foundation.  
 
Jacob Bennet (born 1966) – Board member 
Other assignments: Chairman of Svenska Betodlarna ek. för. and Sveriges Jordägarförbund 
Jordbrukskommittén. Board member of World Association of Beet and Cane Growers and 
Viking Malt Oy.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Johan Bygge (born 1956) – Board member 
Other assignments: Chairman of Scandi Standard AB, Guard Therapeutics International AB, 
Arevo AB and AB Regin. Vice chairman of AP3. Board member of Getinge AB, Riksbankens 
Jubileumsfond, and Capman Oyj. 
 
Charlotte Elander (born 1973) – Board member 
Other assignments: Board member of the companies within the groups of Rubisco AB, Almi 
Företagspartner Östergötland and Lantmännen Research Foundation. 
 
Marie Grönborg (born 1970) – Board member 
Other assignments: Board member of SSAB, Bioextrax AB,  Eolus Vind AB and Aduro Clean 
Technolgies Inc. 
 
Per Wijkander (born 1977) – Board member 
Other assignments: Board member of Jämställdhetsakademin. 
 
Tommy Brunsärn (born 1959) – Board member as employee representative 
Other assignments: - 
 
Pär-Johan Lööf (born 1966) – Board member as employee representative 
Other assignments: Board member of Naturbutiken på Öland AB and the non-profit association 
Odling i Balans and the Swedish Farmers’ Foundation for Agricultural Research. 
 
Tomas Welander (born 1961) – Board member as employee representative 
Other assignments: - 
 
7.6 
Group Management 
Information about the members of the Issuer’s group management team is listed below. The 
members of the group management team can be contacted via the Issuer’s head office at S:t 
Göransgatan 160 A, 104 25 Stockholm, Sweden. 
 
Magnus Kagevik (born 1967) – Group President & CEO 
Other assignments: Board member of Viking Malt Oy, team agrar and team SE. 
 
Per Arfvidsson (born 1962) – Executive Vice President & CTO Lantmännen Group 
Other assignments: Chairman of Sweden Food Arena and Agronod. 
Lars Appelqvist (born 1974) – Executive Vice President Scan Sverige 
Other assignments: Chairman of KCF, The Swedish Food Federation, Sweden Food and 
Consivo AB. 
Lars-Gunnar Edh (born 1969) – Executive Vice President Lantmännen Energy Sector 
Other assignments: Vice chairman of Drivkraft Sverige AB. Board member of  SimSuFoodS 
AB and Scandi Standard AB. 
Joachim Haas (born 1964) – Managing Director Real Estate Business area 
Other assignments: - 
Thomas Isaksson (born 1970) – Executive Vice President Lantmännen Cerealia Business 
Area 
Other assignments: -

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Niklas Lindberg (born 1974) – Executive Vice President Swecon Business area 
Other assignments: Chairman of X-Innovations AB. Board member of Hyttbäcken Invest AB. 
Carsten Lyngsø Thomsen (born 1967) – Executive Vice President Lantmännen Unibake 
Business area 
Other assignments: - 
Elisabeth Ringdahl (born 1965) – Executive Vice President Lantmännen Agriculture 
Sector 
Other assignments: Chairman of Rezekne JSC. Board member of Scandagra Polska Sp.z o.o. 
Michael Sigsfors (born 1974) – Executive Senior Vice President & CFO Lantmännen 
Group 
Other assignments: - 
Emma Stockhaus (born 1971) – Senior Vice President & Head of HR 
Other assignments: - 
 
Henrik Sundell (born 1964) – Senior Vice President General Counsel 
Other assignments: - 
 
Frida Tydèn (born 1985) – Senior Vice President & Head of Communications & 
Marketing 
Other assignments: - 
 
7.7 
Other information on the Board of Directors and Group 
Management  
None of the members of the board of directors or of the group management team have, to the 
Issuer’s knowledge, any existing or potential conflicts of interest with respect to his/her 
obligations towards the Issuer and his/her private interests and/or other obligations. Some of 
the board members and executive directors are active farmers and members of the Issuer. 
7.8 
Auditor 
Lantmännen is audited by authorised and appointed auditors, who are elected for one year at a 
time. The authorised auditor has been Ernst & Young AB (“EY”) since 2006 and EY was re-
elected as the Issuer’s auditing firm at the general meeting held on 7 May 2024 for the period 
until the end of the general meeting 2025 with Andreas Troberg, authorised auditor and member 
of FAR, as auditor-in-charge. Kristina Glantz Nilsson, Jimmy Grinsvall and Ann-Sofi Ignell 
are appointed auditors. Andreas Troberg can be contacted at address c/o Ernst & Young AB, 
Box 7850, 103 99 Stockholm. 
7.9 
Advisors 
Advokatfirman Vinge KB is the Issuer’s legal advisor in connection with the establishment of 
the Base Prospectus. In its capacity as Dealers, Swedbank, Danske Bank, Nordea and 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken provide, amongst other things, financial advice. Vinge and the 
Dealers may provide additional advice and other financing services than in respect of the MTN 
Programme. As compensation for the advisor’s work in connection with the establishment of 
the Base Prospectus the advisors will, subject to certain reservations, be reimbursed by the 
Issuer for the costs incurred by them.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
7.10 
Material agreements 
No material agreements or contracts not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s 
business and which may entail that a right is conferred, or an obligation is imposed a company 
within the Group that may have a material impact on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
and commitments towards the Noteholders have been concluded. 
7.11 
Disputes, arbitration and other legal proceedings 
In October 2014, the European Commission conducted unannounced inspections at the 
premises of several companies in Europe active in the bioenergy industry, including 
Lantmännen Biorefineries (formerly Lantmännen Agroetanol) in Norrköping. Since October 
2014, the European Commission has investigated Lantmännen Biorefineries and other 
companies for infringement of the European Union’s antitrust regulations regarding ethanol 
trade. In December 2023, Lantmännen Biorefineries received the European Commission’s 
decision. The European Commission found that Lantmännen Biorefineries during a period 
more than 10 years ago was involved in an infringement of European competition rules in the 
ethanol trade. In light of this, the Commission imposed a fine of 47,7 MEUR on the Issuer and 
Lantmännen Biorefineries jointly and severally. The fine has been paid in the first quarter of 
2024, but Lantmännen disputes the conclusions of the European Commission's decision and 
has appealed the decision to the Court of Justice of the European Union.  
Except for the above, the Issuer is not part of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened which the Issuer is aware of 
could arise) during the previous twelve months which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
7.12 
Preliminary date for listing, market and costs related to listing 
The Issuer will file the application for registration of specific MTN with Nasdaq Stockholm or 
another regulated market pursuant to the Final Terms. 
7.13 
Documents available for inspection 
Copies of the Issuer’s articles of association and certificate of registration are available in paper 
form under office hours throughout the period of validity of the Base Prospectus at the Issuer’s 
head office located at S:t Göransgatan 160 A, 104 25 Stockholm. Furthermore, copies of all 
documents incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference are available in paper form 
under office hours throughout the period of validity of this Base Prospectus at the Issuer’s head 
office located at S:t Göransgatan 160 A, 104 25 Stockholm, Sweden as well as electronically 
at www.lantmannen.com. 
7.14 
Credit rating 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term issuer rating of Baa2 with stable outlook by the credit 
rating institute Moody’s.  Moody's is established in the EU and is registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009.  The below table shows the credit ratings provided by Moody’s, where 
Aaa is the highest rating, and C the lowest. 
- 
Aaa 
- 
Aa (1-3) 
- 
A (1-3) 
- 
Baa (1-3) 
- 
Ba (1-3)

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
- 
B (1-3) 
- 
Caa (1-3) 
- 
Ca 
- 
C  
 
7.15 
Documents incorporated by reference 
The following documents are incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference. The documents 
have previously been published. 
Information 
Source 
The Group’s audited income statement 
and balance sheet (s. 73, 79), cash flow 
analysis (s. 81), changes in equity (s. 82), 
notes (s. 89-132), information on 
accounting principles (s. 89) and auditor’s 
report (s. 134-137). 
Annual report for 2023 
https://www.lantmannen.com/siteassets/documents/01-om-
lantmannen/finansiell-information/annual-report-with-sustainability-report-
2023.pdf 
The Group’s audited income statement 
and balance sheet (s. 71, 76-77), cash 
flow analysis (s. 78-79), changes in 
equity (s. 80), notes (s. 86-128), 
information on accounting principles (s. 
86) and auditor’s report (s. 130-133). 
Annual report for 2024 
https://www.lantmannen.com/siteassets/documents/01-om-
lantmannen/finansiell-information/annual-report-with-sustainability-report-
2024.pdf 
 
The Issuer’s Terms and Conditions dated 
21 April 2023 (pp. 26-49). 
 The Issuer’s base prospectus dated 21 April 2023 
https://www.lantmannen.se/siteassets/documents/01-om-lantmannen/finansiell-
information/lantmannen-mtn-prospectus-2023.pdf  
The Issuer’s Terms and Conditions dated 
20 April 2022 (pp. 26-44). 
The Issuer’s base prospectus dated 21 April 2022 
https://www.lantmannen.se/siteassets/documents/01-om-lantmannen/finansiell-
information/lantmannen-mtn-prospekt-2022.pdf 
The Issuer’s Terms and Conditions dated  
14 April 2021 (pp. 25-42) 
The Issuer’s base prospectus dated 14 April 2021 
https://www.lantmannen.se/siteassets/documents/01-om-lantmannen/press-och-
nyheter/publikationer/finansiering/vinge-7924934-v1-lantmannen_-
_mtn_2021_-_prospekt.pdf 
 
The parts of the documents listed above that have not been incorporated by reference are not 
deemed relevant for investors in MTN. In addition to the information incorporated in the Base 
Prospectus by reference, information on the Issuer’s website or any other specified website is 
not part of the Base Prospectus and has not been examined or approved by the competent 
authority.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
7.16 
Incorporation of future financial information 
The Issuer is not required to publish supplements pursuant to Article 23(1) of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 for new annual or interim financial information published during the period of 
validity of the Base Prospectus. By reference, each income statement, balance sheet, statement 
of changes in equity, cash flow statement, notes, information on accounting policies and 
auditor's report (as applicable) in the Issuer's interim reports for the periods 1 January - 30 April 
2025 and 1 January - 31 August 2025 and year-end report for the financial year 2025 and annual 
report for the financial year 2025 will be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The reports will be made available in electronic form on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.lantmannen.com/about-lantmannen/financial-information/financial-reports/ 
during the Base Prospectus’ validity period. The new financial information will be published 
on the dates set out in the Issuer's financial calendar available on the Issuer's website 
https://www.lantmannen.com/about-lantmannen/financial-information/ or such other date as 
announced by press release. Only the annual report for 2025 must be audited by the Issuer's 
auditor, and other new financial information may therefore not be subject to audit or review by 
the auditor. 
7.17 
Audit of the annual historical information 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 2023 and 2024 have 
been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as 
adopted by the European Union and in accordance with the Swedish Annual Reports Act (Sw. 
Årsredovisningslag (1995:1554)). IFRS also includes International Accounting Standards 
(IAS) and interpretations to the standards named IFRIC and SIC. In addition to the Annual 
Reports Act and IFRS, the Issuer applies the Supplementary Accounting Rules for Groups (Sw. 
Rådet för finansiell rapporterings rekommendation RFR 1, Kompletterande redovisningsregler 
för koncerner). The Issuer’s financial statements for 2023 and 2024 are prepared in accordance 
with the Annual Reports Act and the Supplementary Accounting Rules for Legal Persons (Sw. 
Rådet för finansiell rapporterings rekommendation RFR 2, Redovisning för juridiska personer. 
The financial information set out in the consolidated financial statements for 2023 and 2024 
has been reviewed by the Issuer’s auditor-in-charge, Andreas Troberg, as well as of the 
appointed auditors, Kristina Glantz Nilsson, Jimmy Grinsvall and Ann-Sofi Ignell.  
The audit of the financial statements has been conducted in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards in Sweden and the audit reports have been issued without qualification. 
Except for what is stated in the auditor’s report, which has been incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus by reference, or what is otherwise expressively stated, no information in this Base 
Prospectus has been reviewed by the Issuer’s auditor.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
8 
Definitions 
 
Base Prospectus 
means this base prospectus, including all documents 
incorporated hereto by reference. 
Calculation Agent 
means (i) if a Loan has been issued by two or more Issuing 
Dealers, the Issuing Dealer designated by the Issuer to be 
responsible for certain administrative tasks relating to the Loan 
in accordance with the Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan has been 
issued by only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer; 
Danske Bank 
means Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, a Swedish 
branch with reg. no. 516401-9811. 
Dealers 
means Swedbank, Danske Bank, Nordea och Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken and each other dealer which accedes to this 
MTN Programme in accordance with paragraph 14.4 of the 
Terms and Conditions, subject to that dealer not having resigned 
as dealer. 
Cooperative Associations Act 
means the Swedish Cooperative Associations Act (Sw. lag 
(2018:672) om ekonomiska föreningar). 
EUR 
is the currency used by the participating member states in 
accordance with the European Union’s regulatory framework 
for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU).  
Euroclear Sweden 
means Euroclear Sweden AB, a private limited liability 
company with reg. no. 556112-8074. 
Final Terms 
means the final terms which are entered into for a certain Loan 
in accordance with the appendix to the Terms and Conditions 
(Form of Final Terms). 
Green Bond 
means an MTN which constitutes a Green Bond pursuant to the 
Final Terms. 
Green Framework 
means the framework for green financing (a so-called green 
bond framework) which enables the Issuer to issue Loans under 
a MTN programme as green bonds. 
Green Projects 
means the project categories an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the Green Bonds will finance or refinance. 
Group 
means Lantmännen ek för together with its subsidiaries. 
ISIN 
means the international number for identification of securities 
retrieved from Euroclear Sweden. 
Issuer 
means Lantmännen ek för, a cooperative association with reg. 
no. 769605-2856. 
Issuing Dealer 
means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those 
Dealers through which MTN will be or have been issued. 
Loan 
means each Loan, comprising of one or more MTN, which the 
Issuer raises under this MTN Programme. 
Maturity date 
means the day when the Adjusted Loan Amount in respect of a 
Loan is to be repaid and as set out in the Final Terms. 
Member 
a legal or natural person which is a direct member of the Issuer 
and its associated local associations. 
MSEK 
means million Swedish kronor.  
MTN 
means a unilateral debt instrument in the Nominal Amount 
which has been registered in accordance with the Swedish 
Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler 
och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and is part of a Loan 
issued by the Issuer under this MTN Programme. 
MTN Programme 
means the programme for MTN which Swedbank, Nordea, 
Danske Bank and Skandinavsika Enskilda Banken (as Dealers) 
and the Issuer has agreed on or about the date hereof.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Nasdaq Stockholm 
means Nasdaq Stockholm AB, a limited liability company with 
reg. no. 556420-8394. 
Nordea 
means Nordea Bank Abp, a public limited liability bank 
company registered in Finland with reg. no. 2858394-9. 
SEK 
means the official currency of Sweden. 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
means Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), a public 
limited liability bank company with reg. no. 502032-9081. 
Swedbank 
means Swedbank AB (publ), a public limited liability bank 
company with reg. no. 502017-7753. 
Terms and Conditions 
means the terms and conditions established in respect of Loans 
issued by the Issuer on the Swedish capital market under a 
programme through issuing notes with a maturity of at least one 
year.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
9 
Addresses 
 
Issuer 
Lantmännen ek för 
S:t Göransgatan 160 A, 
Box 30192,  
SE-104 25 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.lantmannen.com 
e-post: info@lantmannen.com 
tel. +46 (0)10 556 00 00 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.swedbank.se   
 
Dealer 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial  
Norrmalmstorg 1 
SE-103 92 Stockholm, Sweden 
http://www.danskebank.se 
 
Dealer 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5  
FI-00020 Nordea, Finland 
www.nordea.se 
 
Dealer 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.seb.se 
 
Central Securities 
Depository 
Euroclear Sweden AB  
Klarabergsviadukten 63 
Box 191, 
SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden 
+46 (0)8-402 90 00 
www.euroclear.eu   
 
Financial advisor 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Large Corporates & Institutions 
SE-105 34 Stockholm, Sweden 
www.swedbank.se  
 
Legal advisor to the Issuer 
Advokatfirman Vinge KB 
Smålandsgatan 20 
Box 1703  
SE-111 87 Stockholm, Sweden 
+46 (0)10-614 30 00 
www.vinge.se