--- Page 1 ---
10220483707-v27 
 
55-41027549 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 1 APRIL 2022 
 
LeasePlan 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
EUR 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this EUR 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the "Programme") LeasePlan 
Corporation N.V. ("LPCorp" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue (i) senior preferred notes 
("Senior Notes"), (ii) senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") and (iii) 
subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes" and together with the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, the "Notes") and denominated in any currency agreed by the Issuer of such 
Notes and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Subject as set out herein, the Notes will not be subject to any maximum maturity but will have a 
minimum maturity of 1 month and the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time 
to time outstanding will not exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein). 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). The 
Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes 
is or are referred to as the "relevant Dealer" in respect of those Notes. 
The Notes of each Tranche (as defined below) will (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
final terms (the "Final Terms")) initially be represented by a global Note (a "Global Note") which 
will be deposited on the issue date thereof either (i) with a common depositary or a common 
safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other agreed clearance system or (ii) with Nederlands 
Centraal Instituut voor Giraal Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear Netherlands"). See "Form of the 
Notes" herein. 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus within the meaning 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus has been 
approved by The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Stichting Autoriteit Financiële 
Markten, the "AFM") as the competent authority in the Issuer's home member state of the 
European Economic Area (the "EEA") (a "Member State") pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. The AFM has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement 
of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus is valid for a period 
of twelve months from the date of approval and its validity will expire on 1 April 2023. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Application may be made for Notes to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam ("Euronext") or to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg), on any other 
regulated or unregulated market in the EEA or any other stock exchange(s). The Programme also 
permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer.

--- Page 2 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 2 - 
55-41027549 
 
The Issuer has requested the AFM to provide the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier in Luxembourg with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a "Notification"). The 
AFM may be requested to provide other competent authorities within the EEA with a Notification 
so that application may be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on other regulated markets within the EEA. Euronext and the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) are regulated markets for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an issue of Senior Notes is 
rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to this Programme. Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme may be rated on a 
case by case basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Community and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") unless the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency operating in the European Community before 7 June 2010 which has 
submitted an application for registration in accordance with the CRA Regulation and such 
registration has not been refused. Each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited, France Branch ("S&P") and Fitch Ratings Ireland Ltd. ("Fitch") are credit rating 
agencies established in the European Community and are registered under the CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch 
have been certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which case a supplementary Base Prospectus, 
if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is issued in replacement of a base prospectus dated 1 April 2021 relating 
to the EUR 15,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of the Issuer and accordingly supersedes 
that earlier base prospectus. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or 
supplements hereto and with any documents incorporated by reference herein, and in relation to 
any Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, this Base Prospectus should be read and construed 
together with the Final Terms. Any such supplement, amendment and/or replacement will only be 
made in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation unless in relation to an Issue of Notes under 
the Programme which falls outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made

--- Page 3 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 3 - 
55-41027549 
 
under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an  "EU 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, an EU 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the EU 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "UK 
distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK 
distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator 
of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may, inter alia, be calculated by reference, the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), which is provided by the Bank of England and the Euro-zone 
inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute, 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York and the euro short-term rate ("€STR", which is provided by the European Central 
Bank ("ECB"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute 
appears, and the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the ECB do not 
appear, on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 4 - 
55-41027549 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SOFR and €STR do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a 
determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to 
each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a) 
and section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
THERE ARE CERTAIN RISKS RELATED TO ANY ISSUE OF NOTES UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME WHICH INVESTORS SHOULD ENSURE THEY FULLY UNDERSTAND (SEE 
"RISK FACTORS" BELOW). THIS BASE PROSPECTUS DOES NOT DESCRIBE ALL OF THE 
RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. 
Arranger 
ABN AMRO 
Dealers 
 
ABN AMRO 
Danske Bank 
BNP PARIBAS 
HSBC 
Citigroup 
J.P. Morgan 
Deutsche Bank 
Santander 
Corporate 
& 
Investment 
Banking 
ING 
 
Mizuho Securities 
 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking

--- Page 5 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 5 - 
55-41027549 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................. 6 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 18 
RISK MANAGEMENT ............................................................................................................. 51 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................... 60 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  ............................................................... 63 
FORM OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................... 66 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................... 69 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..................................................................................................... 112 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 125 
DESCRIPTION OF LEASEPLAN CORPORATION N.V. ("LPCorp") ...................................... 127 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................ 133 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................. 137 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................... 143

--- Page 6 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 6 - 
55-41027549 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description of the key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete 
and is taken from, and is qualified by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Any 
decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a 
whole, including any amendment and supplement thereto and the documents incorporated by 
reference. Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this description. 
Issuer: 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Arranger: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
Société Générale 
Competent Authority for 
the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation: 
The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Size: 
Up to EUR 15,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein below) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, Australian 
dollars, Canadian dollars, euro, Hong Kong dollars, Sterling, 
Swiss francs, U.S. dollars and Yen. 
Redenomination: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Notes 
may be redenominated in euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination are contained in 
Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 7 - 
55-41027549 
 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
restrictions and subject to a minimum maturity of one (1) 
month. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes will 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
initially be in the form of either a temporary global Note or a 
permanent global Note, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Each global note which is not intended 
to be issued in New Global Note ("NGN") form (a "Classic 
Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date 
either (i) with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance 
system or (ii) with Euroclear Netherlands. Each global Note 
which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Luxembourg. 
Each 
temporary 
global 
Note 
will 
be 
exchangeable for a permanent global Note or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, for definitive Notes upon certain 
conditions including, in the case of a temporary global Note 
where the issue is subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions, 
upon certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations. The applicable Final 
Terms will specify that a permanent global Note is 
exchangeable for definitive Notes only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event, as described in "Form of the Notes" 
below, and in respect of global Notes deposited with 
Euroclear Netherlands only in the limited circumstances as 
described 
in 
the 
Securities 
Giro 
Act 
(Wet 
giraal 
effectenverkeer) and in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. Any interest in a global 
Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of either (i) Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance 
system or (ii) Euroclear Netherlands, as appropriate. 
Interest: 
Interest in respect of the Notes may have a Fixed Rate, a 
Floating Rate or a CMS-Linked Interest Rate, or may not bear 
interest (Zero Coupon) or a combination of any of the above, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on the date or dates specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Notes/CMS-
Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined as 
follows:  
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest-rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating (i) unless "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,

--- Page 8 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 8 - 
55-41027549 
 
Inc. or (ii) if "ISDA 2021 Definitions" are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) 
(and any successor thereto), each as published by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or  
(b) on the basis of a reference rate on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or  
(c) using any other method of determination as may be 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
on the basis of a CMS reference rate on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service. The 
Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation 
to interest-bearing Notes: 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate and/or both. Terms applicable to step-up Notes, step-
down Notes, Inverse Floating Rate Notes (also called 
Reverse Floating Rate Notes), Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, 
snowball Notes and any other type of Note that the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree to issue under the 
Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount or at par and will not bear interest other 
than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable for taxation reasons, at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice as is indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as 
are indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may at its 
option, redeem at any time (in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes other than Floating Rate Notes or CMS-
Linked Interest Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some 
only, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in accordance with the Final Terms is subject

--- Page 9 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 9 - 
55-41027549 
 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption, substitution or variation as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at such time.  
"MREL Disqualification Event" in relation to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes has the same meaning ascribed thereto in 
Condition 7(e) (Redemption, Substitution and Variation for 
regulatory purposes of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event 
 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of Subordinated Notes such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification Event at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms subject to: 
(a)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 
Notes, (i) the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with 
Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of 
the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments 
of equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer, or  
(b)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, (i) the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to article 77 CRR and 
(ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may 
be required by the Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.  
For the avoidance of doubt, unless a Capital Event has 
occurred and is continuing and the Subordinated Notes have 
been excluded from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (within the 
meaning of CRR) in full, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Notes at its option upon the occurrence of a 
MREL Disqualification Event only after the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date. 
 
"Capital Event", "CRR", "Competent Authority" and "MREL 
Disqualification Event" (in relation to the Subordinated 
Notes) have the meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 7(f) 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms save that Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in a Member State in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be issued with a 
minimum denomination of € 100,000 or its equivalent in 
another currency.

--- Page 10 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 10 - 
55-41027549 
 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made free and 
clear of withholding or deducting taxes of The Netherlands, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will either (i) subject to certain exceptions as provided 
in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, pay 
such additional amounts (other than, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, in 
respect of any amount of principal) as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of the Notes had no such withholding been 
required or (ii) make the required withholding or deduction but 
the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to compensate 
Noteholders, as will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue of the Notes, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and summarised in the relevant 
issue specific summary annexed to the applicable Final 
Terms. If the applicable Final Terms provides that payments 
in respect of the Notes are to be made as provided in (ii) 
above, it will also specify that Condition 7(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes will not apply to such Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
See Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
relation to the Senior Notes. 
Cross Default: 
See Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
relation to the Senior Notes. 
Status and ranking of the 
Senior Notes: 
The 
Senior 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and with all 
other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred by 
mandatory provisions of law and other than those unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in 
reliance on article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive 
(EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands). 
Status and ranking of the 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as, and comprise part 
of the class of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
and constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and, save as provided by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law, rank (i) in the event of liquidation 
or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and with all other present 
and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, (ii) in the event of the 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any 
present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations including the claims of creditors arising 
from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 
72a(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, and (iii) in 
the event of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the 
Issuer senior to any Junior Obligations. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to the holders of the 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
("Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Holders") or Couponholders will, in the event of the 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all 
claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory

--- Page 11 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 11 - 
55-41027549 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (including the claims of 
creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) of the CRR), have been satisfied. 
If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the 
Issuer in accordance with the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of 
bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with 
the most junior instruments or liabilities first affected), subject 
to certain exceptions. 
No set-off or netting 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and relative Coupons are 
not eligible for any set-off or netting by any Senior Non-
Preferred Holder or Couponholder and no Senior Non-
Preferred Holder or Couponholder shall be able to exercise or 
claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or relative Coupons.  
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from 
time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019. 
"Junior Obligations" means any present and future claims in 
respect of obligations of the Issuer which rank or are 
expressed to rank, subordinated to claims in respect of 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
(including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations). 
"Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" has the 
meaning ascribed thereto in Condition 2(b) (Status of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
Variation or Substitution 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and if as a result of a MREL Disqualification Event the 
whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes can no longer be, or is likely to become no 
longer, included in full as MREL Eligible Liabilities, then the 
Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission of the 
Resolution Authority (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Senior Non-Preferred Holders) either 
substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Non- Preferred Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible 
Liabilities within the meaning of the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at the relevant time, provided that such variation 
or substitution shall not result in terms that are materially less 
favourable to the Senior Non-Preferred Holders and that the 
resulting securities must have, inter alia, at least the same 
ranking and interest rate and the same maturity date, 
redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which 
has not been paid and assigned the same (solicited) ratings 
as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 12 - 
55-41027549 
 
Status of the Subordinated 
Notes: 
Status and subordination 
The Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons constitute 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes 
and the relative Coupons (the "Subordinated Holders") are 
subordinated as described below. 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law 
(including as provided pursuant to Section 212rf of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet)), the rights and claims 
(if any) of the Subordinated Holders to payment under the 
Subordinated Notes in respect of the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes shall in the event of the liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer rank pari passu without preference 
among themselves subordinated to (a) the claims of 
depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits 
rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) 
unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of 
borrowed 
money 
(including 
those 
unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance 
on 
Article 
212rb 
of 
the 
Dutch 
Bankruptcy 
Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive 
(EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands)), (c) the claims of 
creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR, (d) other unsubordinated 
claims and (e) other subordinated claims ranking senior 
thereto (collectively, "Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated 
Holder in respect of the principal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer 
resulting from Senior Claims have been satisfied. 
The Subordinated Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 
capital ("Tier 2 Notes") for the purposes of the regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time. 
Any Coupons shall in the case of (a) the bankruptcy of the 
Issuer or (b) dissolution (ontbinding) rank above own funds 
and pari passu without any preference among themselves 
subject to Article 212 rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code 
(Faillissementswet). 
 
The Subordinated Notes and relative Coupons are not eligible 
for any set-off or netting by any Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder and no Subordinated Holder or Couponholder 
shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting 
in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or relative 
Coupons. 
 
Variation or Substitution 
 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and if a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission of 
the Competent Authority (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Subordinated Holders), either substitute all, 
but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms 
of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other

--- Page 13 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 13 - 
55-41027549 
 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant 
time, provided that such variation or substitution shall not 
result in terms that are materially less favourable to the 
Subordinated Holders and that the resulting securities must 
have at least, inter alia, the same ranking, interest rate, 
maturity date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued 
interest which has not been paid and assigned the same 
ratings as the Subordinated Notes. 
 
"CRD" and "Capital Event" have the meanings ascribed 
thereto in Condition 7(e) (Redemption, Substitution and 
Variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Ranking in resolution: 
In the event of a resolution of the Issuer, the Resolution 
Authority must in principle apply the following order of priority: 
1. 
CET1 capital instruments; 
2. 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
3. 
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated 
Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments); 
4. 
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt 
that is not (or no longer) Additional Tier 1 capital 
or Tier 2 capital in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal bankruptcy proceedings 
(including as a result of the Amending Act); 
5. 
eligible liabilities qualifying as statutory senior 
non-preferred obligations (such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes); 
6. 
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior 
Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal bankruptcy proceedings, 
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in 
bankruptcy. 
Rating: 
S&P has confirmed the following ratings to this Programme: 
- 
Unsecured and Unsubordinated Notes: 'BBB-' / 'A-3' 
representing respectively the long and short term rating. 
An S&P issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion about 
the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific 
financial obligation, a specific class of financial obligations, or 
a specific financial program (including ratings on medium-
term note programs and commercial paper programs). It 
takes into consideration the creditworthiness of guarantors, 
insurers, or other forms of credit enhancement on the 
obligation and takes into account the currency in which the 
obligation is denominated. The issue credit rating is not a 
recommendation to purchase, sell, or hold a financial 
obligation, inasmuch as it does not comment as to market 
price or suitability for a particular investor. 
An obligation rated 'BBB' exhibits adequate protection 
parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial 
commitment on the obligation. Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may

--- Page 14 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 14 - 
55-41027549 
 
be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to 
show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
A short-term obligation rated 'A-3' exhibits adequate 
protection 
parameters. 
However, 
adverse 
economic 
conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to 
weaken an obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation. 
Moody's has confirmed the following ratings to this 
Programme: 
- 
Unsecured and Unsubordinated Notes: 'Baa1' / 'P-2' 
representing respectively the long and short term rating. 
The purpose of Moody's ratings is to provide investors with a 
simple system of gradation by which relative creditworthiness 
of securities may be noted. Gradations of creditworthiness are 
indicated by rating symbols, with each symbol representing a 
group in which the credit characteristics are broadly the same. 
Moody's assigns long-term ratings to individual debt 
securities 
issued 
from 
medium-term 
note 
(MTN) 
programmes, in addition to indicating ratings to MTN 
programmes 
themselves. 
Notes 
issued 
under 
MTN 
programmes with such indicated ratings are rated at issuance 
at the rating applicable to all pari passu notes issued under 
the same programme, at the programme's relevant indicated 
rating, provided such notes do not exhibit any of the 
characteristics listed below: 
- 
Notes containing features that link interest or principal 
to the credit performance of any third party or parties; 
- 
Notes allowing for negative coupons, or negative 
principal; 
- 
Notes containing any provision that could obligate the 
investor to make any additional payments; and 
- 
Notes containing provisions that subordinate the 
claim. 
For notes with any of these characteristics, the rating of the 
individual note may differ from the indicated rating of the 
programme. 
Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and 
subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess 
certain 
speculative 
characteristics. 
Moody's 
appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates 
that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating 
category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and 
the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category. 
Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated 'P-2' have a strong 
ability to repay short-term debt obligations. 
Fitch has confirmed the following ratings to this Programme: 
- 
Unsecured and Unsubordinated Notes: 'BBB+' / 'F2' 
representing respectively the long and short term rating.

--- Page 15 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 15 - 
55-41027549 
 
Fitch's credit ratings provide an opinion on the relative ability 
of an entity to meet financial commitments, such as interest, 
preferred dividends, repayment of principal, insurance claims 
or counterparty obligations. Credit ratings are used by 
investors as indications of the likelihood of receiving their 
money back in accordance with the terms on which they 
invested. Fitch's credit ratings cover the global spectrum of 
corporate, sovereign (including supranational and sub-
national), financial, bank, insurance, municipal and other 
public finance entities and the securities or other obligations 
they issue, as well as structured finance securities backed by 
receivables or other financial assets. The rating is not a 
recommendation or suggestion, directly or indirectly, to buy, 
sell, make or hold any investment, loan or security or any 
Issuer. The ratings do not comment on the adequacy of 
market price, the suitability of any investment, loan or security 
for a particular investor (including without limitation, any 
accounting and/or regulatory treatment), or the tax-exempt 
nature or taxability of payments made in respect of any 
investment, loan or security. 
'BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are 
currently low. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered adequate but adverse business 
or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating to denote 
relative status within major rating categories. 
'F2' ratings denote good intrinsic capacity for timely payment 
of financial commitments. 
This information has been accurately reproduced and as far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by S&P, Moody's, and Fitch, no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
be rated as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will be 
specified in the Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency operating in the European Union before 7 June 2010 
which has submitted an application for registration in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and such registration is 
not refused.

--- Page 16 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 16 - 
55-41027549 
 
 
 
Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated 
Notes: 
 
 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may 
become subject to the determination by the Resolution 
Authority or the Issuer (following instructions from the 
Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the relevant 
Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the such 
Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed and 
cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to 
write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, 
"Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal 
amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which may 
give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such 
conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the 
Applicable 
Resolution 
Framework. 
Upon 
any 
such 
determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding 
nominal amount of such Notes subject to Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced, 
redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may 
give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise 
be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and 
(iii) the relevant Noteholders will have no further claims in 
respect of the amount so written down or subject to 
conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
"Resolution 
Authority", 
"Applicable 
Resolution 
Framework" and "Statutory Loss Absorption" have the 
meanings ascribed thereto in in Condition 7(k) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application may be made for the Notes as described herein 
to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext or to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg). The Notes may also be listed on 
such other regulated or unregulated market(s) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to each issue. Unlisted Notes may also be issued. The Final 
Terms relating to each issue will state whether or not the 
Notes are to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, and, if so, on which exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, the laws of The Netherlands. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are selling restrictions in relation to the EEA (and also 
specifically in respect of The Netherlands, Italy and 
Luxembourg), the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore and the

--- Page 17 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 17 - 
55-41027549 
 
United States, and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche 
of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 18 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 18 - 
55-41027549 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the material risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. The 
risks described below are not the only risks the Issuer faces. Additional risks and uncertainties 
not presently known to the Issuer or that it currently believes to be immaterial could also have a 
material impact on its business operations. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order 
in which the remaining risks are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the 
risks actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential 
negative impact to the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer may face a number of these risks described below simultaneously and some risks 
described below may be interdependent. While the risk factors below have been divided into 
categories and have been included in its most appropriate category, some risk factors could 
belong in more than one category and prospective investors should carefully consider all of the 
risk factors set out in this section. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Investing in the Notes involves 
certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following: 
Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as underlying securities 
for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any 
Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine 
the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
Throughout this Base Prospectus "LeasePlan", "LeasePlan Group" or "Group" is used as 
reference to the group of companies which is headed by LPCorp as common shareholder, and 
which has common business characteristics. 
LeasePlan's activities are subject to the normal risks associated with every business such as, and 
not limited to, legal risks, regulatory risks, credit risks, operational risks, compliance risks, 
insurance risks and treasury risks. However, additionally and particularly they are related to 
movements in the residual values of cars. 
(A) 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
1. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk from customers and other counterparties 
Credit risk is the risk that the Issuer's customers or other counterparties will be unable to fulfil 
financial obligations under the terms of a contract with the Issuer, when due. This includes the 
risk of a default on lease payments and other accounts receivable due to the Issuer. 
The Issuer's credit risk is heavily dependent upon its client concentration, the geographic and 
industry segmentation of its credit exposures, the nature of its credit exposures, as well as 
economic factors that may influence the ability of customers to make scheduled payments, 
including business failures, corporate debt levels and debt service burdens and demand for the 
products and services of its customers. 
The Issuer's credit risk also depends on used vehicle prices, overall demand for new and used 
vehicles and the quality of its portfolio of used vehicles. While the Issuer generally has the ability 
to recover and resell the leased vehicle(s) following a customer default, the resale value of the 
recovered vehicle(s) may not be adequate to cover its loss as a result of a default. Although the 
Issuer estimates impairment charges in its consolidated annual financial statements for possible 
losses on its existing debtors based on its past experience and general economic conditions, 
there can be no assurance that its impairment charges will be sufficient to cover actual losses 
resulting from customer defaults, particularly if the rate of customer default increases significantly.

--- Page 19 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 19 - 
55-41027549 
 
For the Issuer's other counterparties, the Issuer assesses and monitors the probability of default 
of individual counterparties using data from external sources (e.g., rating agencies) and 
determines an internal rating based on customer data, external data and statistical models, where 
possible. The internal rating is used to support the (manual) decision making process and for 
managing portfolio risk. Although the Issuer's local credit acceptance policies take into account 
market conditions, an increase in credit risk could increase the Issuer's provisions for credit 
losses. There can be no assurance that the Issuer's origination procedures, monitoring of credit 
risk, payment servicing activities, maintenance of customer account records or repossession 
policies are or will be sufficient to prevent a material adverse effect on its liquidity, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
2. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk from its counterparties on financial instruments 
and reinsurance contracts 
The Issuer manages its interest rate risk, its currency risk and its balance sheet as a whole by 
entering into derivative transactions with financial institutions and through short-term placements 
of cash and current account balances with financial institutions. The Issuer also enters into 
reinsurance agreements with various reinsurers with respect to third-party liability and 
catastrophic events. Its ability to engage in derivatives transactions could be adversely affected 
by the actions and commercial soundness of financial institutions who are its hedge 
counterparties. The Issuer's derivative contracts, reinsurance agreements and deposit 
arrangements expose LeasePlan to credit risk in the event of a default by its counterparty. It is 
possible that the Issuer could suffer losses as a result of its counterparty exposures and such 
losses could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. 
3. 
Changes in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer accepts and offers lease contracts to clients at both fixed and floating interest rates, 
for various periods and in various currencies. It is the Issuer's policy to seek to match the interest 
rate risk profile of its contract portfolio of leases with a corresponding interest rate funding profile 
to seek to minimize its interest rate risks at the Group level. This matching principle is monitored 
through interest rate gap reports. The Issuer has interest bearing assets (mainly lease contracts) 
which are funded through interest bearing liabilities (mainly debt securities issued, funds 
entrusted and borrowings from financial institutions) and non-interest bearing liabilities (net 
working capital and equity). However, any mismatch between these interest rates could expose 
the Issuer to losses or reduced earnings or income. 
Due to the accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments, the Issuer is exposed to 
volatility in its income statement caused by interest rate fluctuations, particularly regarding 
derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting.  
Any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition 
and results of operations. 
4. 
Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer's functional currency and its reporting currency for its consolidated financial 
statements is the euro. However, because of the Issuer's presence in 29 countries some of which 
are outside the Eurozone, the Issuer has substantial assets, liabilities, revenues and costs 
denominated in currencies other than the euro. As the Issuer does not hedge its equity positions, 
fluctuations in the value of the euro relative to currencies in which the Issuer conducts operations 
will affect the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as a result of translation exposure and 
may adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. The global nature 
of the Issuer's operations therefore exposes it to exchange rate volatility as a result of potential 
mismatches between the currencies in which assets and liabilities are denominated and as a 
result of the translation effect on the Issuer's reported earnings, cash flow and financial condition. 
The Issuer is exposed to transactional foreign exchange rate risk when a subsidiary enters into a 
transaction in a currency other than the subsidiary's functional currency. For example, the Turkish 
lira is a currency where the Issuer in the past bore, and in the future may bear, an increased 
transactional foreign exchange rate risk due to the weakened correlation between the euro and 
the Turkish lira from late 2017 onwards, which has been driven by the exceptional period of

--- Page 20 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 20 - 
55-41027549 
 
volatility and overall depreciation of the Turkish lira resulting from political and economic 
uncertainty. 
The Issuer seeks to manage its transactional foreign exchange rate risk by attempting to limit the 
exposure to the effects of fluctuations in currencies on its financial condition and cash flows 
through funding its debt directly or through derivatives in the currency in which assets are 
originated and allocating the Issuer's capital in the currencies in which assets are denominated. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer's efforts to mitigate the effects of currency exchange 
rate fluctuations will be successful, and its failure to do so could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, the Issuer has in the past accessed, and plans to continue to access, the international 
capital markets by borrowing in a variety of available currencies, which subjects the Issuer to risks 
inherent in borrowing funds in other currencies and using such funds to transact business 
predominantly in euro. Although the Issuer seeks to minimize such risks by entering into hedging 
arrangements, there is no guarantee that these measures will be effectively implemented or that 
they will be available on favourable terms or at all. In which case fluctuations in exchange rates 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Issuer is also subject to translation risk, which is the risk associated with consolidating the 
financial statements of subsidiaries that conduct business in currencies other than the euro or 
have a functional currency other than the euro. Fluctuations in exchange rates could also 
significantly affect the comparability of the Issuer's results of operations between periods. 
5. 
The Issuer is subject to changes in financial reporting standards, such as IFRS 17 
Insurance contracts, or policies, including as a result of choices made by the Issuer, 
which could materially adversely affect Issuer's reported results of operations and 
financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on 
capital ratios 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by the European Union. Accordingly, from time to time the Issuer is required to adopt new or 
revised IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") and adopted by 
the European Union. 
The Issuer will adopt IFRS 17 (as issued by the IASB in May 2017 and endorsed by the EU in 
November 2021) by the required effective date of 1 January 2023. IFRS 17 includes a current 
measurement model. The standard is applicable to Insurance contracts. IFRS 17 requires to 
measure insurance liabilities at the present value of future cash flows, incorporating an explicit 
risk adjustment, remeasured every reporting period (the fulfilment cash flows). A contractual 
service margin defers any day one gain. A simplified premium allocation approach ("PAA") may 
be applied for contracts that have a coverage period that does not exceed one year. This 
approach is quite similar to current accounting under IFRS 4. The Group is currently assessing 
the impact of implementation of IFRS 17. 
The Group is currently assessing the impact on shareholders’ equity and comprehensive income 
of IFRS 17. As the majority of the insurance contracts have a coverage period of one year, these 
contracts are eligible to apply the PAA approach. Under the PAA approach’ the impact of changes 
in accounting and measurement under the new standard due to the application of discounting and 
risk adjustment is considered not to be significant.  
6. 
The Issuer's business requires substantial funding and liquidity, and disruption in 
the Issuer's funding sources or access to the capital markets could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, liquidity, cash flows, financial condition and results 
of operations 
The Issuer's continued operations and expansion require access to significant amounts of 
funding. The Issuer wants to strengthen its presence in current markets. The Issuer intends to 
meet a substantial portion of its funding needs with debt. Historically, the Issuer has satisfied its 
funding requirements principally through the issuance of long and short-term debt securities, bank 
loans, operating cash flows and the securitisation of lease receivables including residual values 
and it is therefore dependent on continued access to these funding sources. The Issuer has also 
been able to rely on retail deposits to meet part of its funding needs since 2010. Due to the Issuer's

--- Page 21 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 21 - 
55-41027549 
 
ongoing funding needs, it is exposed to liquidity risk in the event of prolonged closure of debt or 
credit markets or limited credit availability. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will have 
insufficient liquidity to finance new vehicle purchases for lease contracts and meet its obligations 
as they fall due. If the Issuer cannot access existing or new sources of funds on favourable terms, 
insufficient liquidity would have a material adverse effect on its business, liquidity, cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, the Issuer is significantly affected by the policies of national governments and EU 
institutions, such as the European Central Bank, which regulates the money and credit supply in 
the Eurozone. For example, during the global economic crisis the Issuer used securitisations of 
its lease receivables as collateral for loans from the European Central Bank and LeasePlan was 
able to access the 2008 Credit Guarantee Scheme of the State of The Netherlands for the 
issuance of medium term debt. These funding options may or may not be available in the event 
of any similarly adverse economic conditions in the future. Changes in such policies, including as 
to the types of collateral available for European Central Bank funding or special legislation by 
national governments, are beyond the Issuer's control, may be difficult to predict and could 
adversely affect its liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer's current financing arrangements will provide it with 
sufficient liquidity under various market and economic scenarios. Retail deposits are subject to 
fluctuation due to certain factors, such as a loss of confidence, increasing competitive pressures 
or the encouraged or mandated repatriation of deposits, which could result in a significant outflow 
of deposits within a short period of time.  
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom left the European Union (the "Brexit"). The 
consequences of the Brexit remain uncertain. The Brexit may lead to volatility in financial markets 
and liquidity disruptions or market dislocations. The Issuer could be adversely impacted by related 
market developments such as increased exchange rate movements of the pound sterling versus 
the euro and higher financial market volatility in general due to increased uncertainty, any of which 
could affect the results of the Issuer's operations in the European Union or the United Kingdom. 
On 1 January 2021, the transitional phase in which the rules and regulations of the European 
Union remained applicable for the United Kingdom ceased to apply. Although the European Union 
and the United Kingdom agreed a post-Brexit "EU-UK Trade and Cooperation" agreement on 24 
December 2020, it is not yet fully certain what arrangements will define the future relationship 
between the European Union and the United Kingdom, or the length of time that this may take. 
This could lead to increased regulatory uncertainty and might adversely impact the Issuer's 
financial position and results of operations. 
Furthermore, factors such as political events and trends, geopolitical tensions, terrorism, armed 
conflicts (including the Russia/Ukraine conflict that started to escalate in February 2022 and 
related consequences for geopolitical stability, food and energy supply and prices, and cross-
border financial transactions, including as a result of economic sanctions), volatility and strength 
of the capital markets, pandemics and epidemics or other health emergencies all impact the 
business and economic environment in which the Issuer operates. Some of these risks frequently 
materialise globally as well as in specific geographic regions where the Issuer has business 
activities. An example of a global pandemic is the coronavirus (or Covid-19) outbreak, which has 
spread globally in 2020 and has disrupted various markets and resulted in uncertainty about the 
development of the economies affected by the outbreak. A consequence of the pandemic has 
been supply chain disruptions mainly coming from the global shortage of semiconductor chips, 
which has resulted in the delay of the delivery of some new cars. The exact ramifications of the 
coronavirus outbreak are uncertain and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is difficult for 
the Issuer to predict the spread or duration of the pandemic and its consequences. See also the 
section "Recent Developments - Impact of the coronavirus (or Covid-19)" for further information 
in respect of the impact of the coronavirus outbreak on the Issuer. Any of the foregoing factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, liquidity, cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations as well as the residual values of the Issuer's leased vehicles. 
In addition, any disruption of markets due to the coronavirus outbreak may impact the Issuer's 
ability to raise funds. 
The Issuer has historically benefited from an investment grade credit rating and any negative 
change in its current rating could reduce its access to and increase the cost of future funding from 
its funding arrangements. A credit rating deterioration could reduce public confidence in the Issuer 
and its operating subsidiaries and thereby (a) make it more difficult and/or more costly to access

--- Page 22 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 22 - 
55-41027549 
 
additional debt and equity capital, including hybrid capital and the Group's securitisation 
programme, or to redeem and replace such capital, (b) increase collateral requirements, give rise 
to additional payments, or afford termination rights, to counterparties under derivative contracts 
or other agreements, and (c) impair, or cause the termination of, the Issuer's relationships with 
creditors, distributors or trading counterparties. 
Additionally, any changes to its credit rating or the credit ratings of its significant corporate 
customers, the lease receivables which it has used and may use to fund its securitisation 
programme, could affect its securitisation programme's rating and the costs of any new issuances. 
To the extent that the Issuer is unable to pass on any increased borrowing costs to customers, 
its financial condition, results of operations and potentially the Issuer's ability to raise funds, could 
be materially adversely affected. 
(B) 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
7. 
A decrease in the residual values (or the sales proceeds) of the Issuer's leased 
vehicles could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition and results of operations 
The proceeds invoiced upon the sale of a used vehicle ("Vehicle Sales") and the risk of such 
Vehicle Sales proceeds being less than the contract end book value (i.e., the book value of a 
vehicle at the contractual end date as determined at the inception of a lease contract (the "Initial 
Contract-End Book Value"), modified for any adjustments with respect to contract duration and 
mileage requested by a customer, including informal lease extensions and early termination fees 
("Interim Contract Adjustments") between the start and the end of the contract and including 
fees for excessive wear and tear and mileage variation adjustments charged to customers at the 
conclusion of the contract) (the "Actual Contracted-End Book Value"), is mainly affected by 
external factors, including, among others and not limited to, changes in economic conditions, 
consumer confidence, consumer preferences, exchange rates, emissions regulations and other 
government policies, new vehicle pricing, new vehicle sales, new vehicle brand images or 
marketing programs, the actual or perceived quality, safety or reliability of vehicles, the mix of 
used vehicle supply, the liquidation of car manufacturers, the levels of current used vehicle values, 
emission values and fuel prices.  
The Issuer is exposed to potential loss from Vehicle Sales declining below the Actual Contracted-
End Book Value and has a number of off-balance sheet residual value commitments, which are 
related to contracts with customers that own the vehicles themselves but outsource the market 
price risk to the Issuer. However, the Issuer does not retain residual value risk for all of its funded 
vehicles. The Issuer does not run residual value risk on vehicles that are classified as finance 
leases in the annual accounts. The Issuer depreciates the leased vehicles during the life of the 
lease on a straight line basis based on its estimates at lease inception of the resale value of the 
leased vehicle at lease termination. However, the Issuer reassesses its depreciation costs on 
leased vehicles throughout the life of the lease to reflect any changes to the estimated residual 
values of the leased vehicles. As a result, reductions in today's Vehicle Sales proceeds not only 
cause losses for vehicles terminated now, but also increase the risk of having to take additional 
(prospective) depreciation charges into the current accounting period. Further, even if the Issuer 
is able to successfully pass the increased depreciation costs on to customers in a timely manner, 
these additional costs could make its services less attractive to customers, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. In 
addition, there can be no assurance that the adjustments the Issuer makes to the Issuer's 
depreciation costs during the life of the lease contract reflect the full decline of the residual value 
of the leased vehicle based on the Vehicle Sales proceeds from such vehicle. A decrease in the 
expected Vehicles Sales of the Issuer's used operating lease vehicles could increase the 
prospective depreciation or impairment charges while the vehicle is leased. During 2020, the 
Issuer recognised impairment charge on its operating lease assets in an amount of €97.9 million 
related to loss-making lease contracts and book value losses for cars from defaulted customers. 
During the year 2021, the impairment amount on operating lease assets was reduced by €32.7 
million due to a partial outflow of impaired assets and reversal of book value losses from loss-
making lease contracts. 
The strong recovery of the second-hand car market over the last couple of years has led the 
Issuer to increase residual values it set at contract inception, which could increase its exposure 
to the risks described above. To the extent that market prices of second-hand vehicles fail to

--- Page 23 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 23 - 
55-41027549 
 
develop as anticipated over the life of these contracts, the Issuer's results on vehicles sold could 
be negatively affected and the Issuer could suffer losses from increased (prospective) 
depreciation expenses or on the resale of these vehicles at lease termination. 
The Issuer's ability to efficiently process and effectively market off-lease vehicles affects the 
disposal costs and proceeds realized from Vehicle Sales. Any of the factors that reduce the 
Vehicle Sales proceeds of leased vehicles could force the Issuer to reduce concurrently the 
estimated residual values of the leased vehicles in its fleet and cause a loss from increased 
prospective depreciation expenses or cause a loss on the sale of the vehicle on lease termination, 
which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
 
8. 
The Group may suffer from adverse developments in the automotive industry, 
including regarding diesel vehicles, and the other markets directly related to its 
business. Technology changes could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations 
General developments in the automotive industry are important for the Group, due to their effects 
on the terms and conditions (including price levels) for purchasing, servicing and eventually 
reselling its vehicles, which in turn could impact the demand for, and pricing of, the Group's 
services. 
The Group is dependent on developments in automotive trends and technology changes, which 
are subject to a variety of factors that it cannot influence. These include, for example, the evolution 
of oil prices and renewable energy prices and infrastructure, the expansion of public transport 
infrastructure, availability of popular electric vehicle models, new technologies such as 
autonomous driving software, urban policies adversely affecting personal car use, changes in 
government policies affecting diesel vehicles in Europe or other markets in which the Group 
operates, the imposition of carbon taxes and other regulatory measures to address climate 
change, pollution or other negative impacts of mass transport. A negative development of these 
factors may affect the use of vehicles in general and therefore the business of the Group. 
In addition, the Group is dependent on being able to purchase popular vehicle models on 
competitive terms. The factors mentioned above also influence both the purchase prices of 
vehicles and the resale prices of used vehicles. Market consolidation (such as the merger of Fiat 
Chrysler Automobiles N.V. and Peugeot S.A., into Stellantis N.V. in 2021) or down-sizing or 
liquidations of individual car manufacturers could also materially affect the availability of certain 
vehicles and the bargaining power of the Group when negotiating competitive prices for the 
vehicles it purchases to satisfy the Group's customer needs. 
The Group operates in a highly competitive environment characterised by a process of 
consolidation in a number of its core markets, particularly in the more mature European and North 
American markets. This reflects the relatively limited opportunities for further penetration in the 
corporate customer segment and the increasing importance of scale for Car-as-a-Service 
("CaaS") providers such as the Group. 
In recent years, some car manufacturers have been accused of manipulating emission levels. 
Such scandals may induce stricter regulations, influence customer purchasing decisions and the 
market prices of certain affected vehicle models. Although the Group has a relatively short cycle 
of refreshing its entire fleet every three to four years, emission scandals in the past or future could 
potentially negatively affect the market prices of certain of its used vehicles (including diesel 
powered vehicles) and have other adverse effects on the business of the Group. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is subject to risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon-emission 
economy. Given the nature of its business, the risks the Issuer faces are linked to its transition 
from internal combustion engines ("ICE") vehicles in the Issuer's fleet to low and zero emission 
alternatives. Such transition could impact aspects of the Issuer's business model, which is 
currently still largely based on the procurement, management and disposal of ICE vehicles. In 
some cases, the profitability of parts of the Issuer's value chain could also be adversely affected 
as result of the transition from ICE vehicles to low or zero emission vehicles or low or zero 
emission vehicles may require different types and/or levels of repair, maintenance and tyre 
replacement services. For example, depreciation may be greater than that of other types of

--- Page 24 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 24 - 
55-41027549 
 
vehicles, which may lead the Issuer to reconfigure its business model. The Issuer is currently not 
in a position to quantify any potential impact. 
Finally, prices for petroleum-based products, which include petrol, diesel and tyres, have 
experienced volatility in recent years. If oil prices were to increase to and remain at higher levels, 
automotive travel patterns might be adversely affected in many ways. 
The materialisation of any of the risks described above could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
9. 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to its potential change of ownership 
As announced by the Issuer in a press release dated 6 January 2022 (also see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below), ALD S.A. ("ALD") and a consortium of shareholders of LP 
Group B.V. signed a memorandum of understanding to acquire 100% of the shares of LP Group 
B.V., the sole shareholder of the Issuer. The acquisition is subject to certain customary conditions 
(e.g. regulatory and anti-trust approvals) and expected to be finalised by end 2022. Although the 
proposed combination of ALD and the Issuer (the "New Group") is considered an opportunity to 
cross-leverage the two companies’ complementary capabilities and expected to lead to 
substantial synergies, it is uncertain if these goals will be achieved. Like any envisaged acquisition, 
the acquisition may not take place. 
Negotiating and completing an acquisition can be time-consuming, challenging and expensive. 
The involved parties may not be able to complete the proposed acquisition on terms that they find 
commercially acceptable, or at all and the inability to complete it may adversely affect the Group's 
competitiveness and growth prospects. Even if completed, any acquisition, investment or 
business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In 
particular, following the acquisition the New Group may encounter difficulties assimilating or 
integrating businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations, particularly if the team(s) 
or key personnel do not fit within the New Group’s culture or choose not to work for the New 
Group, the combined products and services are not easily adapted to work with the Group’s 
current products and services, or the New Group has difficulty retaining the customers due to 
changes in ownership, management or otherwise.  
Acquisitions may also disrupt the Group's and New Group’s business, divert its resources and 
require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of its 
existing business. There is no certainty that the Group and New Group will in the future continue 
any current and planned programmes and initiatives. Any current or future expectations, initiatives, 
programmes, plans and strategies of the Issuer may be amended or even terminated. The Group 
and New Group may not successfully evaluate or utilise the acquired technology or personnel, or 
accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting 
charges. Moreover, the anticipated synergies and other benefits of any acquisition, investment or 
business relationship may not be realised or the Group and New Group may be exposed to 
unknown risks or liabilities. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect the New 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Any divestments of business following a possible acquisition may expose the Group and New 
Group to risks, including as a result of the terms of the transfer of the business, for example 
guarantees, damages and commitments to the purchaser about the divested business. If any of 
these risks should materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group and New 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
10. 
The Issuer faces risks related to its motor insurance business and local risk 
retention schemes 
The Issuer is, amongst others, exposed to claims for motor third-party liability (which includes 
personal injury, death and property damage), motor material damage, passenger indemnity and 
legal assistance. These claims are, in general, retained by the Issuer's wholly owned specialist 
motor insurance company, Euro Insurances DAC which trades as LeasePlan Insurance ("Euro 
Insurances"), or, for motor material damages, locally by Group companies under local risk 
retention schemes. During 2020, Euro Insurances ceased its use of a fronting insurance company 
in relation to Australia and New Zealand and entered into claims run-off in those markets. As of 
31 December 2021, Euro Insurances is active in 20 countries and provides insurance coverage

--- Page 25 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 25 - 
55-41027549 
 
to Group companies and their customers in these markets. Euro Insurances is based in Dublin, 
Ireland and is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Euro Insurances provides insurance to 
Group companies and their customers for motor third-party liability, own damage, passenger 
indemnity and legal assistance risks, among others, predominately in relation to LeasePlan’s 
vehicle leasing and fleet management activities. However, the Group is still exposed to these 
risks as Euro Insurances is a consolidated subsidiary of the Group. Although Euro Insurances 
purchases external reinsurance cover on an excess loss basis for two principal risks, motor third-
party liability and catastrophic events, to seek to minimize the financial impact of large accidents 
or events, it remains exposed to significant claims, insufficient premiums to cover its risk 
exposure, ineffective (re)insurance coverage for its insurance business, delays in the recovery of 
funds owed under reinsurance policies and regulatory sanctions (including loss of its insurance 
license). 
The Issuer may have difficulty reinsuring its motor third-party liability exposure, or may be able to 
reinsure such exposure only on less favourable terms. With respect to catastrophic events, there 
can be no assurance that liabilities in respect of existing or future claims will not exceed the limits 
of the insurance or reinsurance policies the Issuer has taken out. 
Some of the Issuerʼs subsidiaries provide a service to their customers to repair and pay for the 
damages that occur to the leased vehicles during the lease contract. The customers pay a fee for 
this service as part of the leasing product. This is known as a local risk retention scheme. Under 
a risk retention scheme, damage risk, which is the risk that the cost of vehicle repair exceeds the 
fee paid by the customer, is borne by the Issuer and is not transferred to an internal or external 
insurer. Local pricing managers set the price for local risk retention schemes based on strict 
procedures and based on a risk and return analysis that is required to comply with the Issuerʼs 
risk appetite. However, the Issuer is exposed to the risk under the local risk retention schemes of 
the damages to the leased vehicles being higher than the service fees received, resulting in 
losses. 
In relation to damage insurance underwritten by Euro Insurances and local risk retention 
schemes, the Issuer has chosen not to purchase external insurance coverage against these risks 
based on its risk assessment and risk appetite. However, there can be no assurance that the 
Issuer will not be exposed to uninsured liability for fleet damage or theft at levels in excess of 
historical or expected levels. 
The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could materially adversely affect the Issuerʼs 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
11. 
The Issuer is exposed to operational risks in connection with its activities, 
including (simplifying its) information technology systems, information technology 
security and cybercrime, data protection, outsourcing risks and changes in interest 
rates 
After leasing a vehicle to a customer the Issuer services the lease receivables. Any disruption of 
its servicing activity, due to inability to access or accurately maintain the Issuer's customer 
account records or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to collect 
on those receivables and/or satisfy its customers. 
The Issuer relies on internal and external information and technological systems to manage its 
operations and is exposed to risk of loss resulting from breaches of security, system or control 
failures, inadequate or failed processes, human error, business interruptions and external events. 
In addition, the Issuer is subject to the risk of cybercrime by employees or third parties. Any of 
these events could have a material adverse effect on its ability to conduct its business operations, 
increase its risk of loss resulting from disruptions of normal operating procedures, cause the 
Issuer to incur considerable information retrieval and verification costs, and potentially result in 
financial losses or other damage to the Issuer, including damage to its reputation. 
The Issuer traditionally operated a decentralized (i.e., separate for each country) IT landscape 
consisting of bespoke local applications and a dated system to handle its core leasing and other 
processes (New Operational Leasing System, "NOLS"). The Issuer is currently focused on its 
global infrastructure, the development of a governance and control framework, as well as on 
designing the future global processes to be supported by and implemented through the Issuer's 
'Next Generation Digital Architecture' ("NGDA"). This includes developing the NGDA itself. The 
NGDA consists of various modules (e.g. predictive maintenance, insurance claims and contract

--- Page 26 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 26 - 
55-41027549 
 
management) based on existing Issuer's best practices and third-party components. The NGDA 
modules are designed to be scalable, with the aim of allowing the Issuer to add more cars to its 
platforms at marginal cost, facilitate incremental product deployments and updates and enable 
integration with third-party systems through advanced application program interfaces ("APIs"). 
The first components of NGDA are already in place in some markets. Any failure by the Issuer to 
properly implement the NGDA could result in operational disruptions and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to complex, evolving and stringent Dutch, European and other jurisdictions' 
laws and regulations regarding the processing (including the collection, access, use, handling, 
retention, sharing and protection) of personal data which the Group receives from, and which 
concern, customers, as well as its personnel and third parties it deals with. Any failure to comply 
with data protection laws may lead to high fines and may undermine the Group's reputation and 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
In addition, the Group has outsourcing arrangements with a number of third parties and to a 
number of countries, including for a large part to India, notably in respect of IT and back office 
activities. Other services for which the Group uses outsourcing include parts of its primary 
business operations (including repair, maintenance and tyres, "RMT"), second-hand car sales 
(via CarNext.com), insurance activities (including claim handling) and banking services of the 
Issuer. 
Any failure of such counterparties to deliver the contracted services, to fulfil its financial obligations 
or to deliver these services in compliance with their contracts and/or applicable laws and 
regulations and at an adequate and acceptable level could all result in reputational damage, 
claims, fines, losses and damages and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer accepts and offers lease contracts to customers at both fixed and floating interest 
rates, for various periods and in various currencies. Variable interest rates may be affected by 
changes to or the replacement and discontinuation of certain "benchmarks," including, the daily 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and similar interest indices. See also the risk factor 
entitled "24. The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes, 
such as Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes which are subject to one or more resets linked 
to such "benchmarks" in respect of the impact of benchmark reform on the value of the Notes. 
Any reforms, variation to, or discontinuation of, benchmarks that are used by the Issuer could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operations, including the Issuer's derivative 
transactions, hedge accounting, risk modelling, treasury management system and lease contracts 
and interest-bearing liabilities that are linked to such benchmarks. 
12. 
The Issuer may have difficulty in executing its strategy 
An important element of the Issuer's historical growth in both mature and developing vehicle fleet 
markets has been expanding its client base. This includes in particular a faster growth planned in 
small and medium sized enterprises (SME) and Private segments, and in certain sub-segments 
of the Corporate segment (especially international, small corporates and the public sector), and 
better retention of existing customers. If this does not yield the expected results or if the Issuer is 
unable to retain its existing corporate customers, this could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any future recession 
could have a material adverse effect on the execution of the Issuer's growth strategy and this 
could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The expansion of the Issuer's business may also place disproportionate demands on the Issuer's 
management and on the Issuer's operational and financial personnel and systems. If the Issuer 
is unable to effectively and successfully execute its growth strategy as a result of this or any other 
reason, the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially 
adversely affected. The Issuer is currently not in a position to assess the likelihood of this risk 
occurring. 
Also, the Issuer's business, future growth and success depend to a significant extent on the 
experience, knowledge and business relationships of members of its senior management who 
could be difficult to replace. In particular, the Issuer believes that the implementation and

--- Page 27 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 27 - 
55-41027549 
 
execution of its strategy depends on the continued availability of its senior management and other 
key personnel. 
If the Issuer is unable to successfully implement its strategy or if it does not yield the expected 
results, this could have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, financial condition, 
revenues and results of operations. 
(C) 
Legal and regulatory risk 
13. 
The Issuer is subject to a bank supervisory regime in The Netherlands and other 
regulatory regimes and regulatory actions in the jurisdictions in which it operates, 
including The Netherlands, and changes in these regulatory regimes could 
adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity 
The Group has a number of licensed and regulated entities, of which the Issuer as a bank and 
Euro Insurances as an insurance company are highly regulated. The Group also has a number 
of subsidiaries which are regulated because of the provision of financial services in direct 
connection with the leasing business (such as insurances intermediaries and offerors of credit). 
Non-compliance with applicable regulations could subject the Group to administrative penalties, 
criminal penalties and other enforcement measures imposed by a particular governmental or self-
regulatory authority, and could lead to unanticipated costs associated with remedying such 
failures and adverse publicity. It could also harm the Group's reputation and the relationships with 
supervisory authorities, cause temporary interruption of operations, and could cause revocation 
or temporary suspension of licences. In addition, the non-compliance with laws and regulations 
may give rise to litigation. Each of these risks, should they materialise, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
As the Issuer's balance sheet total of €30 billion on the regulatory consolidated level was 
surpassed, the Issuer was qualified as a significant institution and as a result, as of 1 January 
2021, the Issuer's supervision has been transferred from the DNB to the ECB. Therefore, from 
such date, the Issuer falls under the direct supervision of the ECB. The transition of prudential 
supervision from DNB to the ECB may for the years to come have a significant impact on 
supervision of the Issuer. As the relationship between the Issuer and the ECB will be different 
from the Issuer’s relationship with DNB, the Issuer may be forced to significantly invest in 
resources to familiarise the new supervisory authority with the Issuer’s business and financial 
position and to adapt to the new supervisory approach. 
CRD IV / CRR 
The Issuer is required by regulators in The Netherlands, the European Union and in other 
jurisdictions in which it undertakes regulated activities, to maintain adequate capital resources. 
The maintenance of adequate capital is also necessary for the Issuer's financial flexibility in the 
face of continuing turbulence and uncertainty in the global economy. New regulatory capital 
requirements including the initiatives informally known as Basel IV (as mentioned below) could 
also affect the scope, coverage, or calculation of capital, all of which could require the Issuer to 
reduce business levels or restrict certain activities or to raise additional capital, including in ways 
that may adversely impact the Issuer's creditors, including the Noteholders. 
The Issuer evaluates the adequacy of its capital and its liquidity under both forecast and stress 
conditions as part of the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") and the 
Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process ("ILAAP"), in which it may conclude that 
additional capital or liquidity would be required over the minimum requirements set out above. It 
is possible that the ECB would require the Issuer in its Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process ("SREP"), or otherwise, amongst others, to hold more capital because of a perceived 
inappropriate risk management framework, risk culture and governance. The ECB may demand 
the Issuer to take measures, for example requiring improvement of systems or reduction of risks. 
Any such measures may materially and adversely affect the Issuer's business and may force the 
Issuer to make substantial investments to meet the requirements. 
If the Issuer's capital position were to deteriorate or its minimum capital requirements were to 
increase, it could be required to raise additional regulatory capital, or become subject to 
supervisory interventions, limitations or a prohibition to pay dividends and variable remuneration, 
the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 28 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 28 - 
55-41027549 
 
On 7 December 2017, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") 
published its final standards. These standards are informally known as Basel IV and being 
implemented in the Capital Requirements Directive (2013/36/EU) known as "CRD IV" and Capital 
Requirements Regulation ((EU) No 575/2013) known as "CRR". Of the Basel IV standards, the 
constraints on the use of internal model approaches is expected to have the most significant 
impact on the Issuer. As a result of the implementation of these constraints, the Issuer will no 
longer be allowed to apply the Internal Rating Based (“IRB”) approach for certain exposures and 
model parameter floors will be introduced. The new market risk framework, adopted by the Basel 
Committee in January 2016, may similarly have a significant impact on the calculation of the 
Issuer's risk weighted assets, although its exact implementation through European Union 
regulation and impact remains subject to uncertainty.  
The Issuer currently exceeds its regulatory capital requirements and reported a CET1 ratio of 
14.6% as per 31 December 2021 on the sub-consolidated level (LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
consolidated). As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR") calculated 
under CRR as at that date equals 232%, which is above the prescribed minimum. The net stable 
funding ratio calculated under CRR as at that date is 129%, which is above the prescribed 
minimum thresholds. However, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to maintain 
these ratios or that the minimum requirements will not increase. 
The impact of future changes in regulatory capital and liquidity requirements as a result of the 
implementation of the Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017 (the "Basel III 
Reforms") could be substantial. Although management options are available to the Issuer in order 
to reduce the impact of the reforms described above (on its total risk exposure amount ("TREA") 
and CET1 ratio, the impact may still be substantial. While the Issuer would expect its required 
regulatory capital ratios to fall as a result of the implementation of the Basel III Reforms, the net 
effect of these changes may result in a material increase in the absolute amount of capital the 
Issuer is required to hold. Discussions between the (financial services) industry and regulatory 
authorities with respect to the effects of the proposed implementation of the Basel III Reforms in 
conjunction with the new guidelines and technical standards on the definition of default are still 
ongoing and the exact impact of these changes on the Issuer is therefore yet to be fully 
determined by the Issuer. 
These and other future changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements in the jurisdictions 
in which the Issuer operates may require it to raise additional Tier 1, Common Equity Tier 1 and/or 
Tier 2 capital. If the Issuer is unable to raise the requisite Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, it may be 
required to reduce the amount of its TREA and engage in the disposition of businesses or assets, 
which may not occur on a timely basis or at prices which would otherwise be attractive to the 
Issuer. Any change that limits the Issuer's ability to manage effectively its balance sheet and 
capital resources going forward (including, for example, reductions in profits and retained 
earnings as a result of write-downs or otherwise, increases in risk-weighted assets, delays in the 
disposal of certain assets, a growth in unfunded pension exposures or otherwise) or to access 
funding sources, may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, 
regulatory capital position and liquidity. 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published a proposal on the revised CRD ("CRD 
VI") and the CRR ("CRR3"). This proposal aims to finalize the EU’s implementation of the Basel 
III framework through CRD VI and CRR3. The CRR3 and CRD VI provisions are scheduled to 
apply as from 1 January 2025. 
BRRD / SRM 
The BRRD sets out a common European recovery and resolution framework which is composed 
of three pillars: (i) preparation (by requiring banks to draw up recovery plans and resolution 
authority to draw up resolution plans), (ii) early intervention powers and (iii) resolution powers. 
(i) Preparation 
In accordance with the BRRD, the Issuer is required to draw up and maintain a recovery plan.  
Furthermore, the resolution authorities responsible for a resolution in relation to the Issuer (the 
European Single Resolution Board and/or any other resolution authority, the "Resolution 
Authority") may draw up the Issuer's resolution plan providing for resolution actions it may take 
if the Issuer would fail or would be likely to fail. Although the Issuer currently is not subject to any

--- Page 29 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 29 - 
55-41027549 
 
additional minimum amount of own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") requirements (MREL 
being equal to capital requirement), the Resolution Authority may in the future determine, after 
consultation with competent authorities, a minimum requirement for MREL, calculated as a 
percentage of total liabilities and own funds and taking into account the resolvability, risk profile, 
systemic importance and other characteristics of the bank, which the Issuer would be required to 
meet. Any such future additional MREL requirement may result in higher capital and funding costs 
for the Issuer, and as a result adversely affect the Issuer's profit. 
(ii) Early intervention powers 
If the Issuer does not comply with or, due to a rapidly deteriorating financial position, would be 
likely not to comply with capital or liquidity requirements in the near future, the supervisory 
authorities will have the power to impose early intervention measures. A rapidly deteriorating 
financial position could, for example, occur in the case of a deterioration of the Issuer's liquidity 
situation, increasing level of leverage and non-performing loans. Intervention measures include 
the power to require changes to the legal or operational structure of the Issuer, the power to make 
changes to the Issuer's business strategy, and the power to require the Issuer's managing board 
(the "Managing Board") to convene a general meeting of shareholders, set the agenda and 
require certain decisions to be considered for adoption by the general meeting. Furthermore, if 
these early intervention measures are not considered sufficient, the Resolution Authority may 
replace management or install a temporary administrator. A special manager may also be 
appointed who will be granted management authority over the bank instead of its existing board 
members, in order to implement the measures decided on by the Resolution Authority. 
If the Issuer or the group were to reach a point of non-viability, the Resolution Authority could take 
pre-resolution measures. These measures include the write down and cancelation of shares, and 
the write down and conversion of capital instruments into shares (such as additional tier 1 
instruments and Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes) (the "Write-Down and 
Conversion Power") (see also the risk factor entitled "33. Banking legislation for ailing banks 
give regulators resolution powers (including powers to write down and convert debt) that could 
negatively affect the position of certain categories of the Noteholders" for further information in 
respect of regulators' resolution powers). A write down or conversion of capital instruments into 
shares could adversely affect the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders and the market 
value of their Notes could be negatively affected resulting in losses for Noteholders. 
(iii) Resolution powers 
Furthermore, the BRRD and regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (as amended, the "SRM") provide a 
Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement resolution measures with respect to banks 
which meet the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the sale of the 
bank's business to a third party or a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the power to 
ensure that capital instruments and certain eligible liabilities (which may include the Notes) absorb 
losses when the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution, through the write-down or conversion 
to equity of such instruments (the "Bail-In Tool"), the replacement or substitution of the bank as 
obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
Noteholders may not be able to anticipate the exercise of any resolution power by the Resolution 
Authority nor the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer or the Noteholders' 
rights under the Notes. 
Subject to certain exceptions, as soon as any of these proposed proceedings have been initiated 
by the Resolution Authority, as applicable, the relevant counterparties of such bank (including the 
Noteholders in case any such proceedings are directed against the Issuer) would not be entitled 
to invoke events of default or set off their claims against the bank for this purpose. 
Due to the size of the banking business of the Issuer and the assessment of the risks posed by 
its operations to the entire financial system, it was stated following the last review by the 
Resolution Authority that the Issuer did not meet the conditions for a resolution under the SRM 
and BRRD should it reach a point of non-viability. This means the Issuer would be subject to 
national insolvency proceedings or could be subjected to special measures (bijzondere 
maatregelen) within the meaning of Chapter 6 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op 
het financieel toezicht, the "FMSA"). However, the Resolution Authority could decide differently

--- Page 30 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 30 - 
55-41027549 
 
(i) following its assessment in the annual cycle this year or (ii) at any time and impose resolution 
powers in relation to the Issuer should it reach a point of non-viability. 
The EU Banking Reforms, BRRD and SRM may increase the Issuer's cost of funding and thereby 
have an adverse impact on the Issuer's funding ability, financial position and results of operations. 
14. 
The Issuer's participation in the Deposit Guarantee Scheme could have a material 
adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations 
The Issuer as a bank, must contribute to the deposit guarantee scheme ("DGS"), a resolution 
fund for failing banks and in the near future also to the guarantee scheme with respect to 
insurances. These contributions or premiums are costly and the costs may be increased over 
time. For example, for the year 2021, the Issuer was invoiced for advanced contribution to the 
DGS of €16.5 million in total. Increases in these contributions or premiums could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations.  
15. 
The Issuer is subject to periodic stress testing 
The banking sector, including the Issuer, is subject to periodic stress testing and other regulatory 
enquiries in respect of the resilience of banks to adverse market developments. Such stress tests 
are initiated and coordinated by the EBA. Stress tests and the announcements of their results by 
supervisory authorities can destabilise the banking or financial services sector and lead to a loss 
of trust with regard to individual banks or the financial services sector as a whole. The outcome 
of stress tests could divulge certain information that would not otherwise have surfaced or which 
until then, the Group had not considered to be material and worth taking remedial action on, 
and/or materially and adversely affect the Group's reputation, financing costs and trigger 
enforcement action by supervisory authorities. The outcome of stress tests could also result in 
the Group having to meet higher capital and liquidity requirements, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
16. 
The Group's risk management policies and procedures may be ineffective, may fail 
or may not be complied with 
The Group's business activities expose it to a wide variety of risks, including asset risk (including 
market price risk on used vehicles owned by the Group), credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk, 
currency risk, motor insurance risk, operational risk, reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, 
among others. 
Any material deficiency in the Group's risk management policies or internal control procedures, 
including the measures, instruments or strategies the Group uses to assess and mitigate risk, 
could have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
17. 
The Issuer is subject to risks arising from legal disputes and may become the 
subject of governmental or regulatory investigations or proceedings (including in 
connection with its trademarks and intellectual property rights) 
As the Group currently operates in 29 countries, it is subject to risks associated with doing 
business internationally in 29 different jurisdictions. In connection with its general business 
activities, the Issuer is subject to legal disputes, government investigations and actual and 
potential claims in a number of the countries in which it operates, and may continue to be so in 
the future. In connection with these matters, the entities concerned may be required to pay fines 
or penalties, take certain actions or refrain from taking other actions. Administrative sanctions 
imposed by regulatory or supervisory authorities in relation to non-compliance with (financial) 
regulations may or must be published by such authorities and they may also issue public warnings 
for consumers which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation. Furthermore, any 
damage to the reputation of the Issuer could cause disproportionate damage to its business, 
regardless whether the negative publicity is factually accurate. In addition, clients are entitled to 
withdraw their flexible savings deposits and any material adverse effect on the Issuer's reputation 
could cause withdrawals to accelerate over a short period of time.  
Complaints brought by or against suppliers, customers or other third parties (such as legal and 
regulatory authorities, contractors, competitors and current and/or former employees) may result 
in significant costs, risks or damages. It is also possible that there may be investigations by 
governmental or regulatory authorities into matters of which the Issuer is currently not aware, or

--- Page 31 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 31 - 
55-41027549 
 
which have already arisen or will arise in the future including, among others, possible financial 
regulatory, data protection, consumer protection, anti-money-laundering, counter-terrorist 
financing, anti-bribery, anti-trust and competition law or state aid issues. 
In particular, as the Issuer increasingly offers its products and services to private individuals, the 
risk of complaints by private individuals (e.g. in case the Issuer's products sold or services 
provided do not conform to their governing contracts) may significantly increase over time for 
example because private individuals state that fiduciary duty of care or consumer protection 
requirements are breached. Persons who have taken the so-called bankers' oath with respect to 
the banking business of the Issuer may, as a result of the aforementioned, be involved in 
disciplinary proceedings. 
The Group depends on its brands and relies primarily on trademarks and similar intellectual 
property rights to protect them. The success of the Group's business depends on its continued 
ability to use its existing trademarks and domain names to increase brand awareness and further 
develop its business. The failure by the Group to adequately protect the intellectual property 
crucial to it could lead to a loss of customers to competitors and a corresponding loss in revenue. 
At the same time, there is a risk that third parties may assert claims against the Group based on 
their trademarks and other intellectual property rights. 
In certain cases, the Issuer has purchased insurance coverage to protect against these risks or 
have made provisions in respect of specific matters. However, as a number of risks cannot be 
estimated or can be estimated only with difficulty, the Issuer cannot rule out that damages will 
nevertheless occur that are not covered by the insured amounts or amounts set aside as 
provisions. The Issuer has made provisions to cover legal, regulatory and administrative claims 
and proceedings, including those that arise in the ordinary course of business. However, adverse 
developments in connection with legal disputes or governmental or regulatory investigations or 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, reputation, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
18. 
Changes in (the interpretation of) tax regulations, treaties or other arrangements 
may affect the Issuer's business 
Due to its international presence, the Group is subject to a wide range of tax laws and regulations 
as well as to treaties or other arrangements between or among the countries in which it operates 
and other jurisdictions. Tax laws, regulations, treaties and other arrangements are subject to 
change and may be subject to different interpretations. The Group cannot guarantee that its 
interpretations of such laws will be accepted by the relevant authorities. Any failure to comply with 
the tax laws or regulations applicable to the Group may result in reassessments, late payment 
interest, fines and penalties for the Group and could materially impact its reputation, business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Also, a material change in applicable tax 
laws and regulations, or in their interpretation or enforcement, could force the Group to alter its 
business strategy, leading to additional costs or loss of revenue, which could materially and 
adversely impact the Group's business, results of operations and financial condition. If, as a result 
of a particular tax risk materialising, the tax costs associated with particular transactions are 
greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of those transactions, which could 
materially impact the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
(A) 
Risks Related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
19. 
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, 
in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
The Netherlands or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In addition, if in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes the Notes are redeemable at the 
Issuer's option or the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at the Issuer's 
option in certain other circumstances the Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. In such circumstances an investor may not be able

--- Page 32 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 32 - 
55-41027549 
 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high 
as that of the relevant Notes. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect, or the likelihood (or perceived likelihood) that the Issuer may be able 
to elect, to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
20. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor may lead to volatile 
market values of the Notes 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. A decrease in market value may lead to losses for 
the Noteholders.  
21. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes may be more volatile than other conventional floating 
rate debt securities based on the same reference rate 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes (also called Reverse Floating Rate Notes) have an interest rate which 
is determined as a difference between a fixed interest rate and a floating rate reference rate such 
as EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered Rate) which means that interest income on such Notes 
falls if the reference interest rate increases. The market values of those Notes typically are more 
volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same 
reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more 
volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the 
Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects 
the market value of these Notes. 
22. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may be subject to greater market 
price volatility 
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing Notes. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Notes, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with comparable 
maturities. 
23. 
A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the 
Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets 
during the tenor of the Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes. 
24. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes, 
such as Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes which are subject to one or more 
resets linked to such "benchmarks" 
EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" may from time to time be the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear 
entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
The EU Benchmark Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 
and applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU and, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA. It, among other things, 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 33 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 33 - 
55-41027549 
 
The EU Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or 
index deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
"benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation or "benchmarks" could be eliminated entirely. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the "benchmark" and therefore the interest rate of such Notes. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
"benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmark Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing 
issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a "benchmark". 
Separate workstreams in Europe have worked to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology 
and to provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free 
rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a term rate). A working group on euro risk-free rates 
was established to identify and recommend risk-free rates that could serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the 
euro area, such as the euro overnight index average (EONIA) and EURIBOR. This is a private 
sector working group; the ECB provides the secretariat and attends as an observer only. The 
group recommended on 13 September 2018 that the euro short-term rate ("€STR") be used as 
the risk-free rate for the euro area and is now focused on supporting the market with transitioning. 
The ECB published the €STR for the first time on 2 October 2019, reflecting trading activity on 1 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, 
or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. In June 
2017, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the "ARRC") announced SOFR as its 
recommended alternative to USD LIBOR. SOFR is a repo financing rate that represents overnight 
secured funding transactions in U.S. dollars, and has been published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York's ("FRBNY") since April 2018.  
The potential elimination of, or the potential changes in the manner of administration of, or 
changes in the methodologies pursuant to which EURIBOR rates are determined, or any other 
reforms to or other proposals affecting the EURIBOR benchmark or any other relevant 
benchmarks that will be enacted in the United Kingdom, the EU, the United States and elsewhere, 
may adversely affect the trading market for EURIBOR and/or other relevant benchmark-based 
securities, including any Notes that bear interest at rates based on a relevant benchmark and 
could require an adjustment to the terms and conditions to reference an alternative benchmark, 
or result in other consequences, including those which cannot be predicted, in respect of any 
Notes linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to Notes whose interest rates are linked 
to EURIBOR). In addition, any future changes in the method pursuant to which EURIBOR and/or 
other relevant benchmarks are determined or the transition to a successor benchmark may result 
in, among other things, a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in the reported benchmark 
rates, a delay in the publication of any such benchmark rates, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies in certain benchmarks discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain benchmarks, and, in certain situations, could result in a 
benchmark rate no longer being determined and published. Accordingly, in respect of a Note 
referencing EURIBOR or any other relevant benchmark, such proposals for reform and changes 
in applicable regulation could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such 
a Note (including potential rates of interest thereon). 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark (such as SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR) were discontinued or otherwise unavailable or if there were changes in the manner of

--- Page 34 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 34 - 
55-41027549 
 
administration of any benchmark, the rate of interest on any Notes which reference any such 
benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such 
Notes. Depending on the manner in which the relevant benchmark rate is to be determined under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may for example (i) be reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for such rate which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time, (ii) be reliant on the Independent Advisor or the Issuer 
being able to determine a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (each as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) or (iii) result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant benchmark 
was available. The effective application of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate 
Note could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
Furthermore, it is possible that the Issuer may itself determine a fall-back interest rate (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a 
Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (each as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). In such case, the Issuer will make such determinations and adjustments 
as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In making 
such determinations and adjustments, the Issuer may be entitled to exercise substantial discretion 
and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising its discretion. 
Uncertainty as to the continuation of a benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks 
to allow for the continuation of the benchmark rate on any Notes, the ability of any agent or the 
Issuer to establish a fall-back interest rate for any Notes (including the possibility that a license or 
registration may be required for such agent or the Issuer under the relevant legislation to be able 
to calculate a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate), and the rate that 
would be applicable if the relevant benchmark is discontinued may adversely affect the trading 
market and the value of the Notes and the determination of any successor rate could lead to 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors. At this time, it is not possible to predict 
what the effect of these developments will be or what the impact on the value of the Notes will be. 
More generally, any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to EURIBOR or 
any other "benchmark" as a result of international, national, or other proposals for reform or other 
initiatives or investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of 
implementation of such changes, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value 
of, and return on, any Notes based on or linked to a "benchmark". Investors should consult their 
own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks arising from 
the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
25. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR and €STR as a 
reference rate 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate €STR, 
as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of 
the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might 
be adopted. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest 
rate for such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to (i) SONIA, interest will be 
determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), 
(ii) SOFR, interest will be determined using SOFR Index values to calculate compounded daily 
SOFR, or (iii) the €STR, interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily €STR (as 
defined in the Conditions of the Notes).  
The composition and characteristics of SOFR are not the same as those of USD LIBOR in a 
number of material aspects. SOFR is a broad Treasury repurchase financing rate that represents 
overnight secured funding transactions entered into the previous business day and repaid on the 
next business day and is not the economic equivalent of USD LIBOR. Compounded Daily SONIA 
also differs from the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") in a number of material respects. 
For example, Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR are each a backwards-looking, compounded, 
risk-free overnight rate, whereas LIBOR and USD LIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-

--- Page 35 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 35 - 
55-41027549 
 
looking term and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. €STR is published 
by the ECB and is intended to reflect the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the euro area. The ECB reports that €STR is published on each TARGET 
Business Day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous TARGET Business 
Day (the reporting date "T") with a maturity date of T+1 which are deemed to have been executed 
at arm's length and thus reflect market rates in an unbiased way.  
Investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA, U.S. LIBOR and SOFR and EURIBOR and 
€STR respectively, may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes. The use of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is 
subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities 
referencing €STR, SONIA or SOFR. 
As a result, there can be no assurance that €STR, SOFR and SONIA will perform in the same 
way as EURIBOR, USD LIBOR or LIBOR, respectively, would have at any time, including, without 
limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, bank credit risk, market 
volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. For 
the same reasons, €STR SOFR and SONIA are not expected to be a comparable substitute, 
successor or replacement for EURIBOR, USD LIBOR or LIBOR, respectively.  
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily €STR or Index Determination SOFR should be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to these benchmarks as a reference rate in the capital markets 
and its adoption as an alternative to LIBOR and/or EURIBOR. For example, in the context of 
backwards-looking SONIA rates or backwards-looking SOFR rates, market participants and 
relevant working groups are, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, currently assessing the 
differences between compounded rates and weighted average rates, and such groups are also 
exploring forward-looking 'term' SONIA reference rates and forward-looking 'term' SOFR 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA 
rate over a designated term). The adoption of SONIA and SOFR may also see component inputs 
into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR and USD LIBOR respectively 
or another reference rate to SONIA or SOFR. Any failure of SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR to gain 
market acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of any SONIA, SOFR and/or 
€STR Notes and the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market.  
The market or a significant part thereof may therefore adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions of the Notes in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded Daily SONIA, Index Determination SOFR or 
Compounded Daily €STR is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR that differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared 
with the provisions for such determination as set out in the Conditions of the Notes as contained 
in this Base Prospectus. The nascent development of SONIA, SOFR or €STR as an interest 
reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based, 
SOFR-based or €STR-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of any SONIA-referenced, SOFR-referenced or €STR-referenced Notes issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Index 
Determination SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Observation Period (as defined in Condition 5 (Interest) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be 
difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA, Index 
Determination SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
factors could adversely impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA, Index Determination SOFR or Compounded Daily 
€STR become due and payable as a result of an event of default under Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date 
which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating

--- Page 36 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 36 - 
55-41027549 
 
Rate Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate 
Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference rates in 
the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR or €STR reference 
rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they 
may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA, SOFR or €STR. 
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, Floating Rate Notes which reference €STR may 
have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to €STR such as the 
spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like Floating Rate Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily €STR, the trading price of such Floating Rate Notes which 
reference Compounded Daily €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Floating Rate Notes may not be able to sell such Floating 
Rate Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Floating Rate Notes at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, 
and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be 
no guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes which reference 
Compounded Daily €STR. If the manner in which Compounded Daily €STR is calculated is 
changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on such Floating 
Rate Notes and the trading prices of such Floating Rate Notes. Accordingly, an investment in 
Floating Rate Notes using €STR as a reference rate may entail significant risks not associated 
with similar investments in conventional debt securities. 
The applicable Final Terms of any issue of a Series of Floating Rate Notes under the Programme 
may specify that such Floating Rate Notes will bear interest based on Index Determination SOFR. 
The calculation methodology for these Floating Rate Notes will use SOFR Index values published 
by the FRBNY. For any such Floating Rate Notes the amount of interest due with respect to any 
Interest Period will not necessarily be the same as the interest rate on other SOFR-linked 
investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. Very limited 
market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate basis and the method 
for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the 
FRBNY only began publishing SOFR Index values on 2 March 2020. Accordingly, the use of 
SOFR Index values or the specific formula for daily compounding of SOFR may not be widely 
adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the manner in which the SOFR Index is calculated 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any such 
Floating Rate Notes and their trading prices. There can be no guarantee, particularly given its 
relatively recent introduction, that the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of Floating Rate Notes 
that use SOFR Index values to calculate compounded SOFR during the term of the Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Notes. 
26. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, 
or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or 
their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and the Compounded Daily SONIA), SOFR (and 
the Index Determination SOFR) or €STR, respectively, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes 
related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter,

--- Page 37 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 37 - 
55-41027549 
 
discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.  
1. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to green assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series 
of Green Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to 
continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused 
investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value and/or trading 
price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in green assets 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of an amount equivalent to the 
net proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be for the financing and/or refinancing 
of projects and activities that promote climate and other environmental purposes, in accordance 
with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as in such case shall be set out in item 4 of Part B 
('Reasons for the offer') of the applicable Final Terms (any Notes which have such a specified 
use of proceeds are referred to as "Green Bonds"). 
In connection with an issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency 
or sustainability consulting firm to issue an independent opinion (a "Compliance Opinion") 
confirming that any Green Bonds are in compliance with the Green Bond Principles, as published 
by the International Capital Market Association (which serves as the secretariat to the Green Bond 
Principles) (the "Green Bond Principles"). The Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary 
guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the development 
of the green bond market. While the Green Bond Principles do provide a high level framework, 
there is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular 
project to be defined as "green", and therefore no assurance can be provided to potential 
investors that the green projects and activities to be specified in the applicable Final Terms will 
meet all investors' expectations regarding environmental performance or continue to meet the 
relevant eligibility criteria (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so called "EU Taxonomy" or Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA). Although 
applicable green projects and activities are expected to be selected in accordance with the 
categories recognised by the Green Bond Principles, and are expected to be developed in 
accordance with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that adverse 
environmental and/or social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning 
and/or operation of any such green or sustainable projects or that the anticipated environmental 
benefits will be realised. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently mitigated, green projects 
and activities may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist groups or other 
stakeholders. Potential investors should be aware that any Compliance Opinion will not be 
incorporated into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms. 
Any such Compliance Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the 
structure of the relevant Series of Green Bonds, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or 
any other factors that may affect the price or value of the Green Bonds. Any such Compliance 
Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and is only current as of its date 
of issue. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers make any representation as to the suitability for any 
purpose of any Compliance Opinion or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant environmental 
criteria. Prospective investors should have regard to the eligible green bond projects or activities 
and eligibility criteria described in the applicable Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of any 
Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its 
purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the issue date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation 
and/or impact reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green 
projects and activities (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), it would not be an event of 
default under the Green Bonds if (i) the Issuer were to fail to comply with such obligations or were 
to fail to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms at whatever point

--- Page 38 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 38 - 
55-41027549 
 
in time (e.g. for a lack of sufficient Eligible Vehicles or assets matching the tenor of the Green 
Bonds) or the Eligible Vehicles or assets were not to perform as expected and/or (ii) the Issuer 
would amend the eligibility criteria for the Eligible Vehicles or assets and/or (iii) any Compliance 
Opinion or other applicable verification or certification were to be withdrawn or not provided and/or 
(iv) the Issuer were to fail to publish any reports. Furthermore, any such event or failure by the 
Issuer will not (i) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant 
factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in 
respect of any Green Bonds, (ii) give the holders a right to request early redemption or accelerate 
repayment of any Green Bonds or give raise to any claim against the Issuer or any Dealer, (iii) 
require the Issuer to increase any amount of principal or interest payable on the Green Bonds or 
(iv) affect the qualification of such Green Bonds which are also Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as 
applicable) or have an impact on their status and ranking as specified in Condition 2 of the 
Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes respectively the Subordinated Notes. Notes issued 
as Green Bonds will be subject to bail-in and resolution measures provided by the BRRD in the 
same way as any other Notes issued under the Programme. As to such measures see the risk 
factor "13. The Issuer is subject to a bank supervisory regime in The Netherlands and other 
regulatory regimes and regulatory actions in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including The 
Netherlands, and changes in these regulatory regimes could adversely affect its business, 
financial condition, results of operations and liquidity". Holders of Notes issued as Green Bonds 
which qualify as Tier 2 Notes or MREL Eligible Liabilities will not be treated in any way differently 
than holders of Notes qualifying as such which are not issued as Green Bonds to the effect that 
(i) such Green Bonds are equally available to absorb losses incurred not only on Eligible Vehicles 
but also on all types of assets on the balance sheet of the Issuer, in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency, at the point of non-viability or in resolution (as applicable), (ii) the lack of sufficient 
green projects has no consequence on such Green Bonds' permanence and loss absorbency 
requirements, (iii) such Green Bonds are equally subordinated to the claims of holders of 
unsubordinated claims against the Issuer (iv) holders of such Green Bonds will only have limited 
rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount and events of default are restricted (see 
the risk factors "30. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to 
most of the Issuer's liabilities (other than subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and in bail-in and 
Senior Non-Preferred Holders have limited rights" and "27. Holders of Subordinated Notes have 
limited rights to accelerate", (v) the holders of such Green Bonds cannot exercise any rights due 
to failure by the Issuer to comply with any environmental, social and governance ("ESG") target, 
and (iv) payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on such Green Bonds shall not 
depend on the performance of the green projects or ESG targets.  
Without limiting the foregoing, the Issuer has the intention to use the net proceeds for the financing 
and/or refinancing of projects and activities that promote climate and other environmental 
purposes (i.e. green purposes). 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with green projects 
and activities and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of 
certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may affect the value 
and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets, which may cause one or more of such investors 
to dispose of the Green Bonds held by them, which may affect the value, trading price and/or 
liquidity of the relevant Series of Green Bonds. 
(B) 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
2. 
Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent described 
in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Any such Subordinated Notes and the 
relative Coupons will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The rights 
and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons (the "Subordinated 
Holders") are subordinated as described in Condition 2(c). Subject to exceptions provided by 
mandatory applicable law (including as provided pursuant to Section 212rf of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet)), the rights and claims (if any) of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes to payment under the Subordinated Notes in respect of the principal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer rank

--- Page 39 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 39 - 
55-41027549 
 
pari passu without preference among themselves and subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors 
(other than in respect of those whose deposits rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated 
Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including 
those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on Article 
212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The 
Netherlands)), (c) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 72a(2) CRR, (d) other unsubordinated claims and (e) subordinated claims ranking senior 
thereto (collectively, "Senior Claims"). By virtue of such subordination, payments to a 
Subordinated Holder in respect of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes will, in the 
event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer 
resulting from Senior Claims have been satisfied. Any Coupons shall in the case of (a) the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution (ontbinding) rank above own funds, pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and junior to unsubordinated debt of the Issuer, subject to 
Article 212 rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet). Prospective investors in 
Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the event of the Issuer's 
bankruptcy, the Issuer would generally expect investors in Subordinated Notes to lose their entire 
investment before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes or other unsubordinated liabilities (including deposits) of the Issuer. If resolution 
proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in 
reverse order (with the most junior instruments or liabilities first affected), subject to certain 
exceptions. Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not limit the amount of the 
liabilities ranking senior to any Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the 
Issuer from time to time, whether before or after the issue date of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes. See also the risk factor entitled "30. No limitation to issue senior or pari passu ranking 
Notes".   
In addition, the rights of Subordinated Holders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes pursuant to Conditions 7(b), (c) or 
(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) the Issuer may be required to 
obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes following an Event of Default. See Condition 10(b) 
(Event of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further details. See also the risk 
factor entitled "28. There is a redemption risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes". 
Subordinated Holders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount 
of Subordinated Notes. See Condition 10(b) (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) any order being made by any competent court 
or resolution being passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer (unless this is done for 
the purpose of or pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction where 
either (a) prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders 
or (b) under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all of the rights and obligations of the 
Issuer) or (ii) if the Issuer is declared bankrupt. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest 
payment or other obligation under the Subordinated Notes, such failure in itself will not give the 
Subordinated Holder any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes. Holders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for 
its dissolution. The sole remedy available to Subordinated Holders to enforce any term or 
condition binding on the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute 
proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such 
obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons, including, 
without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments 
due in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons, but in no event shall the Issuer, by 
virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or 
otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. In the case of 
Subordinated Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, please also see the risk factor 26. "Notes 
issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to 
green assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection 
with green projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment 
requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green Bonds may

--- Page 40 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 40 - 
55-41027549 
 
affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets".  
Furthermore, the Subordinated Notes and relative Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or 
netting by any Subordinated Holder or Couponholder and no Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or 
relative Coupons, even when the Issuer is not able to perform which could result in losses 
compared to the situation where they had been able to set off their obligations against amounts 
due on such Notes. To the extent that any Subordinated Holder or Couponholder nevertheless 
claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or 
otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, 
such Subordinated Holder or Couponholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an 
amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set-off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-
off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated Notes or relative 
Coupons until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
Given these features of Subordinated Notes, there is a risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes 
will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become insolvent. The market value of 
the Subordinated Notes may therefore be more severely adversely affected and/or more volatile 
if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates than the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Senior Notes. Accordingly, although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes, holders of the Subordinated Notes 
may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Notes. Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued under the 
Programme – including as between the Senior Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes. 
3. 
There is a redemption risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may redeem Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, at the amount and on the 
date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms if the applicable Final Terms in respect of such 
Subordinated Notes indicate that such Subordinated Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer if there is a change in the regulatory classification of such Subordinated Notes that has 
resulted or would be likely to result in such Subordinated Notes being excluded, in whole but not 
in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the CRR as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) of the Issuer or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the Issuer, 
which change in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date and, if redeemed within five years after the Issue Date (ii) is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their 
issuance as required by Article 78(4) CRR, and provided the Issuer has notified the holders of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes accordingly. If, for any reason, the Subordinated Notes are or will 
be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Issuer may be able to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
If any of the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a Capital Event or a MREL 
Disqualification Event or there is a perception that such Subordinated Notes may be so redeemed, 
this may impact the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, there can be no 
assurance that Subordinated Holders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon 
redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. See also the risk factor "19. The Notes may be subject to optional 
redemption by the Issuer". 
4. 
There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated 
Notes 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event (as 
defined in Condition 7(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) has occurred and is continuing, 
then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority if required 
at the relevant time (but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Subordinated 
Holders), substitute Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes in order 
to ensure that they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. The terms and conditions of

--- Page 41 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 41 - 
55-41027549 
 
such varied or substituted Subordinated Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one 
or more provisions that are substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original 
Subordinated Notes. No assurance can be given as to whether any changes to the terms and 
conditions will negatively affect any particular Subordinated Holder. For example, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for some 
categories of Subordinated Holders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding 
the Subordinated Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See Condition 7(f) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes for further details. 
The Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. 
Therefore, such Subordinated Notes, as so substituted or varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 capital 
in accordance with the then prevailing regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer, which may 
include a requirement that (save in certain prescribed circumstances) such Subordinated Notes 
may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years after the effective date of such 
substitution or variation. Any such substitution or variation may therefore result in an extension of 
the effective maturity date of such Subordinated Notes which means that Noteholders are 
required to hold the Subordinated Notes longer than anticipated at the time of issuance. 
5. 
No limitation to issue senior or pari passu ranking Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such 
as Senior Non-Preferred Note and Senior Notes) which the Issuer may issue and which rank 
senior or pari passu in priority of payments with the Subordinated Notes. 
The issue of any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Subordinated Holders 
on a bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Also, there is a risk that, following the implementing 
act on loss absorption and recapitalisation capacity of banks and investment firms 
(Implementatiewet 
verliesabsorptie- 
en 
herkapitalisatiecapaciteit 
van 
banken 
en 
beleggingsondernemingen), implementing article 48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 in The Netherlands in article 212rf of the 
Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (the "Amending Act"), a Series of Subordinated Notes in 
respect of which a Capital Event has occurred or other fully disqualifying own funds, will in the 
Issuer's bankruptcy rank senior to Subordinated Notes qualifying as own funds. See also 
Condition 2(c) of the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, which provides that the status and 
ranking of the Subordinated Notes is subject to mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, 
including as a result of the Amending Act. Accordingly, in the winding-up or liquidation of the 
Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a 
sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the Subordinated Holders. 
 
(C) 
Risks related to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
30. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to most 
of the Issuer's liabilities (other than subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and in 
bail-in and Senior Non-Preferred Holders have limited rights  
The bill implementing Article 108 Amending Directive in The Netherlands and introducing a new 
category of senior debt that in a bankruptcy of the Issuer nevertheless ranks junior to ordinary 
unsecured creditors and other senior unsecured and preferred debts ("Senior Non-Preferred 
Debt") came into force in December 2018. 
As further set out in Condition 2(b) (Status and ranking of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Issuer 
intends that claims in respect of its Senior Notes will constitute part of the class of ‘ordinary 
unsecured claims’ referred to in the Directive amending Article 108 of BRRD designed to create 
a new category of unsecured debt for banks and other credit institutions. Directive (EU) 2017/2399 
(the "Article 108 Amending Directive"), whilst its Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute part 
of the new, lower-ranking (un-preferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class (but will rank ahead of the 
Subordinated Notes). 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Issuer may issue under the Programme, and the relative 
Coupons will, to the extent described in Condition 2(b) (Status and ranking of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes constitute unsubordinated and

--- Page 42 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 42 - 
55-41027549 
 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, save as provided by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law, rank (i) ) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future 
obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, (ii) in the event 
of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations including the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, as amended, and (iii) in the 
event of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer senior to any Junior Obligations.  
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes both share the 'senior' designation under 
the Programme, in a bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
rank junior to the Senior Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are 
by law given priority over the Senior Notes) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes ("Senior 
Non-Preferred Holders") or Couponholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of 
the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations 
of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (including claims 
of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR) have 
been satisfied. Accordingly, prospective investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under 
the Programme should note that, in the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy, the Issuer would 
generally expect investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes to lose their entire investment before 
losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Notes or other unsubordinated liabilities (including 
deposits) of the Issuer. If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event 
of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior instruments or 
liabilities first affected), subject to certain exceptions. Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes do not limit the amount of the liabilities ranking senior to any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time, whether before or after 
the issue date of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred. See also the risk factor entitled "32. No 
limitation to issue senior or pari passu ranking Notes".   
In addition, the rights of Senior Non-Preferred Holders are limited in certain respects. In particular, 
(i) redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and Condition 
7(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written consent of the relevant 
Resolution Authority (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer may be required to 
obtain the prior written consent of the relevant Resolution Authority before effecting any 
repayment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an Event of Default. See Conditions 7(g) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) and 10 (Events of Default) for further details. 
Senior Non-Preferred Holders will have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal 
amount of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. See Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) any order being made by any 
competent court or resolution being passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer (unless 
this is done for the purpose of or pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction where either (a) prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders or (b) under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all of 
the rights and obligations of the Issuer) or (ii) if the Issuer is declared bankrupt. Accordingly, if the 
Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, such failure in itself will not give the Senior Non-Preferred Holder any right to accelerate 
repayment of the principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Holders may not 
themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. The sole remedy 
available to Senior Non-Preferred Holders to enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer 
under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons shall be to institute proceedings against 
the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer 
under or arising from the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, 
payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments due in respect of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the Coupons, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the 
institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.

--- Page 43 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 43 - 
55-41027549 
 
Furthermore, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not eligible for any set-off or netting by any 
Senior Non-Preferred Holder or Couponholder and no Senior Non-Preferred Holder or 
Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
amount owed to it arising under or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or relative 
Coupons, even when the Issuer is not able to perform which could result in losses compared to 
the situation where they had been able to set-off their obligations against amounts due on such 
Notes. To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Holder or Couponholder nevertheless claims 
a right of setoff or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, 
and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior 
Non-Preferred Holder or Couponholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount 
equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a "Set-off 
Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes until 
the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment.  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any other Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the 
Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities for the purposes 
of its MREL requirement. Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be 
expected to respect the relative ranking of its obligations as described above, with losses imposed 
on lower-ranking obligations before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. 
Accordingly, if the MREL calibration is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors 
in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or substantially all of their investment whilst 
investors in the Senior Notes suffer lower (or no) losses (although there can be no assurance that 
investors in the Senior Notes will not also suffer substantial losses). The market value of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may therefore be more severely adversely affected and/or more 
volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates, than the market value of the Senior Notes. 
Accordingly, although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Senior 
Notes, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may bear significantly more risk than holders 
of the Senior Notes (notwithstanding that both share the ‘senior’ designation under the 
Programme). Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued under 
the Programme – including as between the Senior Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes.  
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, please also see the 
risk factor "26. Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
seeking exposure to green assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Green 
Bonds in connection with green projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the 
investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Green 
Bonds may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets". 
31. 
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is 
subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem, vary or substitute such 
Notes following the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities available to meet 
any MREL requirement of the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance 
of the Applicable MREL Regulations, and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be 
interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities for MREL purposes.  
In particular, if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and upon the occurrence 
of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, redeem the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, in whole but not in part, at any time. However, redemption of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes is subject to (i) the prior permission of the relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to Article 
77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such redemption as may be required by the relevant Resolution Authority, Competent Authority 
or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL 
Regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL 
Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the most recent 
Tranche of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or (in the

--- Page 44 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 44 - 
55-41027549 
 
opinion of the Issuer or the relevant Resolution Authority) are likely to become fully or partially 
excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant 
to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not 
occur where the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Notes being less than any period prescribed 
by the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer or (ii) any applicable limits 
on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
If any of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be redeemed as a result of a MREL 
Disqualification Event or there is a perception that such Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be so 
redeemed, this may impact the market price of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In addition, there 
can be no assurance that Senior Non-Preferred Holders will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. See also the risk factor "19. The Notes may be subject to optional 
redemption by the Issuer". 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of a MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes can no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior permission of the relevant Resolution Authority 
pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR (but without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Non-
Preferred Holders) either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
vary the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or become, MREL compliant 
notes. 
The terms and conditions of such varied or substituted Senior Non-Preferred Notes may have 
terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are substantially different from the 
terms and conditions of the original Senior Non-Preferred Notes. No assurance can be given as 
to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Senior Non-Preferred Holder. 
For example, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes 
could be different for some categories of Senior Non-Preferred Holders from the tax and stamp 
duty consequences of their holding the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such variation or 
substitution. Condition 7(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes for further details. 
The relevant Resolution Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any 
substitution or variation of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Any such substitution or variation 
which is considered by the relevant Resolution Authority to be material shall be treated by it as 
the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as so substituted 
or varied, may need to be made eligible as MREL in accordance with the then Applicable MREL 
Regulations and no assurance can be given that such substitution or variation will not adversely 
affect any particular Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder. 
32. 
No limitation to issue senior or pari passu ranking Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not restrict the amount of 
liabilities and securities (such as Senior Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which 
rank senior or pari passu in priority of payments with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Such 
liabilities or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Senior Non-Preferred Holders on a 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer 
and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient 
amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the Senior Non-Preferred Holders. 
(D) 
Risks related to all Series of the Notes 
33. 
Banking legislation for ailing banks give regulators resolution powers (including 
powers to write down and convert debt) that could negatively affect the position of 
the Noteholders 
The Special Measures Financial Institutions Act (Wet bijzondere maatregelen financiële 
ondernemingen, the "SMFI"), the BRRD and the SRM set out the intervention and resolution 
framework applicable to the Issuer. 
The SRM establishes a single European resolution board (the "Resolution Authority") having 
resolution powers over the institutions that are subject to the SRM, such as the Issuer, thus

--- Page 45 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 45 - 
55-41027549 
 
replacing or exceeding the powers of the national resolution authority within the Eurozone. The 
Resolution Authority shall perform resolution tasks and responsibilities under the SRM with 
respect to the Issuer.  
The powers and tools of the Resolution Authority are intended to be used prior to the point at 
which any bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Issuer could have been initiated. Although 
the applicable legalisation provides for conditions to the exercise of any resolution powers and 
EBA guidelines set out the objective elements for determining whether an institution is failing or 
likely to fail, it is uncertain how the relevant resolution authority would assess such conditions in 
any particular pre-bankruptcy scenario affecting the Issuer and in deciding whether to exercise a 
resolution power. The relevant resolution authority is also not required to provide any advance 
notice to the Noteholders of its decision to exercise any resolution power. Therefore, the 
Noteholders may not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any such powers nor the 
potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer or the Noteholders' rights under the 
Notes. 
Any financial public support is only to be considered as a final resort as resolution authorities are 
required to first assess and exploit, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of the resolution 
powers mentioned above, including the Bail-In Tool 
The Resolution Authority can only exercise resolution powers, such as the Bail-In Tool, when it 
has determined that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution. The point at which the 
resolution authority determines that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution is defined as: 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, which means (i) the Issuer has incurred/is likely 
to incur in the near future losses depleting all or substantially all its own funds, 
and/or (ii) the assets are/will be in the near future less than its liabilities, and/or (iii) 
the Issuer is/will be in the near future unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
and/or (iv) the Issuer requires public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances); 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that a private action or supervisory action would 
prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
Once a resolution procedure is initiated, the Resolution Authority may apply the Bail-In Tool. 
When applying the Bail-In Tool, the Resolution Authority must apply the following order of priority: 
1. 
CET1 capital instruments; 
2. 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
3. 
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes); 
4. 
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt that is not (or no longer) Additional Tier 
1 capital instruments or Tier 2 capital instruments in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims in normal bankruptcy proceedings (including as a result of the Amending Act); 
5. 
eligible liabilities qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
6. 
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal bankruptcy proceedings. 
Eligible liabilities in category 6 include senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the Senior 
Notes) and other liabilities that are not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to the 
BRRD, such as non-covered deposits or financial instruments that are not secured. Instruments 
of the same ranking are generally written down or converted to equity on a pro rata basis subject 
to certain exceptional circumstances set out in the BRRD.  
No assurance can be given that the Issuer's MREL requirement (when imposed) and therefore 
the amount of MREL is sufficient to avoid the holders of Senior Notes losing in a resolution of the 
Issuer all or substantially all of their investment in the Senior Notes.

--- Page 46 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 46 - 
55-41027549 
 
Furthermore, the Resolution Authority could take pre-resolution actions when the Issuer or the 
group reaches the point of non-viability and apply the Write-Down and Conversion Power to 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes. 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any 
decision of the Resolution Authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision 
reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. Application of any of the measures, 
as described above, shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and Noteholders will 
have no further claims in respect of any amount written down or subject to conversion or otherwise 
as a result of the application of such measures. Accordingly, if the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down 
and Conversion Power is applied, this may result in claims of Noteholders being written down or 
converted into equity. Furthermore, it is possible that pursuant to the BRRD, the SMFI or other 
resolution or recovery rules which may in the future be applicable to the Issuer, new powers may 
be given to the Resolution Authority which could be used in such a way as to result in the Notes 
absorbing losses or otherwise affecting the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders in the 
course of any resolution of the Issuer. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to the Bail-In 
Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend 
on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading 
behaviour in respect of Notes which are subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and 
Conversion Power is not necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour associated with other 
types of securities. Any indication, likelihood or perceived likelihood that the Notes will become 
subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power could have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a 
Noteholder may lose all of its investment in such Notes, including the principal amount plus any 
accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion 
Power is applied. In addition, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is 
established under the 'no creditor worse off' safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed 
after the resolution action had been taken, it is unlikely that such compensation would be 
equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution and there can be no 
assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation promptly. 
With a view to the developments described above, the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes stipulate that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the 
Issuer (following instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Holder or Subordinated Holder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, 
including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or 
redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the 
Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the 
nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be 
converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
"Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. Upon any such 
determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Such Notes 
subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced, 
redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework and (ii) the relevant Holders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so 
written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation. Failure to provide any notice to Senior Non-Preferred Holders or 
Subordinated Holders that any Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has occurred will 
not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation or give Senior Non-Preferred Holders or Subordinated Holders any 
rights as a result of such failure. Furthermore, the occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, 
Recapitalisation, Moratorium (as defined in Condition 7(k)) and/or any other event as described 
in Condition 7(k) shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
Subject to any write-up by the Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result of 
Statutory Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have 
any claims for any principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest which has been subject to 
write down.

--- Page 47 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 47 - 
55-41027549 
 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or 
Subordinated Notes will be subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation may be 
inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the 
Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes which are subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation is not 
necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any 
indication, likelihood or perceived likelihood that Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Notes may become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation could have an 
adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Senior Non-Preferred Holder and a 
Subordinated Holder may lose all of its investment in such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
respectively Subordinated Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid 
interest, in the event that Statutory Loss Absorption occurs. 
The SMFI, BRRD and/or SRM could negatively affect the position of certain categories of the 
Noteholders and the credit rating attached to certain categories of the Notes then outstanding, in 
particular if and when any of the above proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. 
The rights and effective remedies of the Noteholders, as well as their market value, may be 
affected by any such proceedings. 
34. 
Since the Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of a Specified Denomination, 
that is not an integral multiple, you may need to purchase additional Notes in order 
to be able to transfer your holdings or to receive definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time (i) may not be able to transfer such Notes and (ii) 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) 
and in each case would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
35. 
Modification and waiver which may affect the rights of Noteholders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling both physical and virtual 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interest generally. These provisions 
permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Such Noteholders may need to accept changes which affect the rights of Noteholders against the 
Issuer or the value of the Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that an Agent may, without the consent of 
Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of the Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of 
Dutch law or; (ii) the variation or substitution of Subordinated Notes in the circumstances 
described in Condition 7(f) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or (iii) the variation 
or substitution of certain Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the circumstances described in Condition 
7(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
36. 
Payments on certain Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
The United States has enacted rules, commonly referred to as "FATCA", that generally impose a 
new reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain U.S. source payments (including 
dividends and interest), gross proceeds from the disposition of property that can produce U.S. 
source interest and dividends and certain payments made by entities that are classified as 
financial institutions under FATCA. The United States has entered into an intergovernmental

--- Page 48 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 48 - 
55-41027549 
 
agreement regarding the implementation of FATCA with the Netherlands (the "IGA"). Under the 
IGA, as currently drafted, the Issuer does not expect payments made on or with respect to the 
Notes to be subject to withholding under FATCA. However, significant aspects of when and how 
FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance can be given that withholding under FATCA 
will not become relevant with respect to payments made on or with respect to the Notes in the 
future. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential impact 
of FATCA. 
 
(D) 
Risks related to the holding of the Notes 
37. 
Because the Notes may be held in global form and, therefore, by or on behalf of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg you will need to rely on the procedures of 
these organisations for transfers, payments and communications with the Issuer. 
Further, your ability in respect of Notes in global form to pledge your holdings will 
be limited to the extent that the party demanding the pledge requires securities in 
physical form 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Where 
such Global Notes will be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, such 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes 
are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to or to the order of the common 
depositary or common safekeeper (as applicable) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely 
on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the 
relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments 
made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Any failure by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to transfer payments under any Notes to investors could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Notes or result in losses. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. There can 
be no assurance that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be sufficient 
to enable investors to vote on any matters affecting their interests on a timely basis. 
38. 
Potential conflict of interest; information and past performance 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (which includes for the purpose of this risk factor, parent 
companies) have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the 
Dealers may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. The relevant 
Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each 
issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. 
The Issuer, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may engage in trading activities (including 
hedging activities) related to interests underlying any Notes and other instruments or derivative 
products based on or related to interests underlying any Notes for their proprietary accounts or 
for other accounts under their management. The Issuer and its affiliates may also issue other 
derivative instruments in respect of interests underlying any Notes. Such activities could present 
certain conflicts of interest, could influence the prices of such shares or other securities and

--- Page 49 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 49 - 
55-41027549 
 
Noteholders should be aware that such activities could also adversely affect the value of such 
Notes. 
(E) 
Risks Relating to the Market Generally 
39. 
There can be no assurance that a secondary market for the Notes will develop or 
provide sufficient liquidity. Upon purchase of the Notes you may bear the risk of 
limited liquidity and its effect on the value of the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes 
which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a 
discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for 
similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although 
application may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on 
Euronext, any other regulated or unregulated market within the EEA or any further or other stock 
exchange(s), there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular 
Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular 
Tranche of Notes. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in turn, an increase 
in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Notes. Any investor in the Notes must 
be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Notes. If 
any person begins making a market for the Notes, it is under no obligation to continue to do so 
and may stop making a market at any time. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. 
40. 
If your financial activities are denominated principally in a currency unit other than 
the Specified Currency you will be subject to exchange rate risks and, potentially, 
exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Specified Currency"). This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to depreciation of the 
Specified Currency or appreciation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
41. 
Changes in prevailing bond interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. Any such changes may lead to losses 
under such Fixed Rate Notes. 
42. 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes may fluctuate 
and provide uncertain interest income 
A Holder of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it 
impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes in 
advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate or CMS rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate or CMS rate 
during the term of any Floating Rate Notes, respectively CMS-Linked Interest Notes.

--- Page 50 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 50 - 
55-41027549 
 
43. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and may not properly reflect the value of the 
Notes and credit rating deteriorations or withdrawals may reduce the market value 
of the Notes 
One of more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-
EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered 
credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes or the Issuer is subsequently suspended, lowered 
or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or 
credit enhancement with respect to the Notes, the market value of the Notes is likely to be 
adversely affected and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 51 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 51 - 
55-41027549 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT  
Below is a brief description of certain aspects of the Issuer's risk management. The below 
description does not purport to give a complete overview of all risk management measures taken 
by the Issuer. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Investing in the Notes involves 
certain risks. Prospective investors should consider, among other things, the following: 
Risk Management Approach 
The Group is a vehicle leasing and vehicle management company also offering retail deposits in 
the Netherlands and Germany and is regulated by the ECB. Its risk profile differs from most other 
banks due to the nature of its business. The largest part of its portfolio consists of operational 
leasing of vehicles, in which the Group bears the market price risk of used vehicles. This risk 
constitutes the main difference between the Group's risk profile and most other banks' risk 
profiles. 
Risk Management Framework 
Risk management and control are closely linked with the Group's strategic aims. The Group 
considers controlled and balanced risk taking - accommodated by a strong risk organisation and 
risk governance, and supported by a clear tone at the top - key elements in driving its strategy. 
The Group has introduced a risk management framework which includes risk management cycle 
and links the various building blocks of the risk process and risk governance. The risk 
management framework, while having been implemented in the Group, is continuously improved, 
fine-tuned and reshaped according to the changing business requirements, regulatory 
requirements and environmental developments. Risk management cycle includes repetitive 
iterations of risk identification, risk assessment, responding to risks and monitoring and reporting. 
The risk governance is based on the three lines model as set out in the EBA Guidelines on Internal 
Governance GL 44 and GL 2017/11 (hereafter the "IG Guidelines"). Control environment, 
common risk language and training, awareness and communication together form the risk-aware 
culture in LeasePlan.  
Risk Management Strategy 
Risk, being the chance of occurrence of an event that will have a negative impact on the objectives 
of the organisation, is inherent to the Group's business operations. As part of the risk strategy 
process, the Group identifies and assesses the risks it is exposed to on an annual basis. This 
strategic risk assessment considers the current business, external trends and emerging 
developments. The assessment is based on the heatmap defined in terms of probability and 
impact, prioritizes the risk in the risk universe and as such under active management. The 
approach of risk identification and assessment aims to ensure that the Group actively responds 
to risk and mitigates the impact of these risks on strategic goals, reputation and financial results. 
This assessment takes place prior to the risk appetite process and is presented by the Managing 
Board to the Issuer's supervisory board (the "Supervisory Board") for approval. 
The risk strategy is to support the overall strategy of the Group, by enabling controlled risk taking 
and ensuring regulatory compliance. Regulatory compliance means compliance with, in particular 
but not limited to, the applicable rules and guidelines of or pursuant to the: 
• 
FMSA; 
• 
CRR; 
• 
CRD IV; 
• 
BCBS Corporate Governance Principles (2015); 
• 
Social Charter and Rules of Conduct associated with the bankers' oath; 
• 
Dutch Banking Code (2015); and 
• 
Dutch Corporate Governance Code (2016).

--- Page 52 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 52 - 
55-41027549 
 
Risk Governance 
Risk governance should be seen as inevitable part of the overall corporate governance of 
LeasePlan, which is described in its corporate governance framework. It defines the way 
LeasePlan has given structure to tasks, roles and responsibilities and is essential for setting up 
effective risk management. Governance is a mechanism for monitoring the actions, policies and 
decisions of people. Governance also involves the alignment of interests among all stakeholders. 
Risk governance includes all standards and principles concerned with setting objectives, 
strategies and risk framework. It describes how the risk function is organized, how responsibilities 
and authorities for risk are defined and allocated, and how the reporting lines have been set up. 
Also, it describes how the internal control framework is organized and implemented. In order to 
provide a clear and comprehensive overview of the Group's risk management and control 
approach, the Group has implemented a risk charter (the "Risk Charter”). The Risk Charter 
emphasises the importance the Managing Board sees in establishing sound risk management 
and applying it in the Group's daily business approach. As such, the Risk Charter defines the 
general principles, the mandate and key responsibilities of the risk function, and the risk 
framework. 
The Group is governed by a two-tier board structure comprising of a Supervisory Board and a 
Managing Board. Core risk management responsibilities are embedded in the Managing Board. 
The Supervisory Board approves the risk strategy and risk appetite and regularly monitors the 
risk profile and governance. 
LeasePlan’s governance is based on the three lines model, in line with the IG Guidelines. 
This model distinguishes among functions that own and manage risks (first line), functions that 
oversee and advise on risk management practices (second line) and functions that provide 
internal independent assurance (third line). The following overview outlines the composition and 
responsibilities of the key parties involved in executing the three lines within the Group: 
First Line: Corporate & local business and support functions, and their management represent 
the first line and have ownership and responsibility for achieving organizational objectives and 
managing the accompanied risks.They have full ownership of all risks at entity level are 
responsible for taking risks, the day-to-day management of the organisation, the effectiveness of 
the business processes, reliable reporting, implementation and embedding of strong risk 
management practices and continuous Group policies and standards First line risk management 
activities include identifying and assessing potential risks, and taking steps to mitigate negative 
influences, and  regular assessments of controls and residual risks in order to adhere to the 
applicable risk limits and tolerance levels. The Strategic Finance department is responsible for 
overall liquidity management and the funding strategy. Strategic Finance is considered a first line 
and as such is responsible for risk management as described above. 
Second line: The risk management function is independent from the first line business functions. 
The risk management function is represented by the Chief Risk Officer ("CRO") at the Managing 
Board level and the Chief Risk Manager is appointed to head the risk management department 
at central level. Both the CRO and the Chief Risk Manager are full members of the Group’s 
Executive Committee and can independently escalate any matter or topic to the Supervisory 
Board. As part of the second line the risk management function has dedicated staff working in all 
entities. These on-site teams are headed by a dedicated risk director, who report to the Chief Risk 
Manager through the cluster structure. Also, these teams are independent from the first line 
business functions. The on-site risk directors are full members of the local management teams. 
Through the risk director, the on-site teams of the risk management function are also mandated 
to directly and independently address any matter or topic to the Cluster risk director, Chief Risk 
Manager and CRO. The risk management function has full access to all departments, functions, 
entities and business units within the LeasePlan Group. 
As a member of the Managing Board, the CRO is also fully involved in LeasePlan’s strategy 
setting and other relevant executive decision making. The Managing Board is responsible for 
ensuring that risk management is fully taken into account in the decision-making process. The 
CRO can independently decide to escalate risk related issues to the chairman of the Risk 
Committee of the Supervisory Board.

--- Page 53 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 53 - 
55-41027549 
 
Third line: the Group Audit Department provides internal audit services and is the third line. It 
conducts audits of LeasePlan’s activities and provides independent assurance by assessing the 
effectiveness of governance, risk management and internal control processes. It also reports its 
findings to the Managing Board and provides quarterly updates to the Supervisory Board audit 
committee. In addition to the internal lines of defence, LeasePlan also considers the external 
auditor and regulatory supervisors as components of the overall defence framework. 
The Supervisory Board may adopt rules of procedure concerning the division of its duties and its 
working method (and that of its committees) (the "Supervisory Board Rules"), which include, 
among others, the following reserved matters: 
• 
any material change to the overall financial and risk policy (or any part thereof); and 
• 
leasing, renting of assets to third parties with an investment over a certain value per 
transaction or series of related transactions. 
The Supervisory Board has appointed a risk committee, whose tasks include: 
• 
review and preparation for final decision by the Supervisory Board, of the yearly risk 
appetite statement ("RAS") and any changes thereof during the year; 
• 
on a quarterly basis review the integrated risk management report, which includes an 
analysis of developments of the various risk types, to the extent that these could 
significantly impact the Group's risk profile and financial performance and includes the 
performance of key risk indicators against the targets and tolerance levels set in the RAS; 
and 
• 
review and decide on credit proposals for which the ultimate exposure is over a certain 
value. 
All other decisions with respect to risk management are in the approval authority of the Managing 
Board, who can subsequently decide to delegate certain decisions and reviews to other bodies 
or persons within the Group. Any changes to the delegation authority need explicit approval of 
the Managing Board via the Group Risk Committee (defined below). 
Risk Committees 
The setup of the risk committees is driven by the ambition to manage and monitor risk on an 
integrated and holistic basis. In addition to the management and monitoring on an integrated 
basis, the identification, assessment, mitigation, monitoring and reporting per risk type are 
important ingredients in the various risk committees. All risk related decisions, except for the risk 
matters above that fall under the final decision authority of the Supervisory Board, are in the 
approval authority of the statutory Managing Board. The group risk committee ("Group Risk 
Committee" or "GRC") is a dedicated committee of the Managing Board, consisting of all 
Managing Board members. The GRC delegates certain authorities to subcommittees, amongst 
others: 
•  
Asset Management Committee 
•  
Combined Risk & Pricing Committee 
•  
Group Model Risk Committee 
•  
Entity Risk Committees 
For these committees separate terms of reference are specified. These committees report back 
their decisions to the GRC by means of sending the minutes once approved. The chairs of the 
delegated committees can independently escalate matters of their committee to the GRC. In 
addition to the delegated committees, certain authorities are delegated to the individual staff within 
the risk management function. These authorities are specified in Risk Authority Letters.  
Main tasks of Group Risk Committee 
To achieve its objective the GRC fulfils the following tasks: 
• 
Facilitating the annual strategic risk assessment; 
• 
Defining the risk strategy, risk appetite and capital/liquidity planning;

--- Page 54 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 54 - 
55-41027549 
 
• 
Setting the policies, standards and tolerance levels for individual risk types; 
• 
Monitoring the adequacy of the departments that make up the risk management function; 
• 
Monitoring of adherence to risk policies and standards; 
• 
Monitoring and managing of the actual risk profile against the risk appetite and risk 
strategy; 
• 
Deciding on the acceptance of RAS/ limit breaches and initiating corrective and/or 
preventive actions; 
• 
Deciding on the acceptance of unmanaged risks and incidents beyond local authority; 
• 
Monitoring existing and emerging risk developments and trends; 
• 
Monitoring and ensuring compliance with changes in regulations; 
• 
Defining the delegation of authorities for risk decisions to subcommittees, local entities 
and individual staff; and 
• 
Overseeing key (regulatory)processes such as ICAAP, ILAAP, Recovery Plan and Pillar 
3 reporting. 
The GRC may delegate certain responsibilities and risk-taking authorities to local entities and/or 
individual members of staff. As such these entities and staff members are given a mandate to 
sign off on risk related matters themselves without the requirement of further up-front approval. 
The precise nature and extent of these delegated responsibilities and authorities as well as any 
additional requirements are specified in the Risk Authority Letters. The extent of the authorities 
and mandate given can differ per entity and staff member, and are based on the experience and 
maturity of the local entity in each particular area of the mandate. The risk management function 
reviews the delegated risk-taking authorities on at least an annual basis and makes a proposal to 
the GRC for the prolongation and/or adjustment of these authorities. 
Main tasks of Asset Management Committee (AMC) 
AMC is a delegated committee of the GRC and the decisions taken in the AMC are reported back 
to the GRC. The objective of the AMC is to oversee the asset (risk) management practice of the 
Group. The scope of the AMC includes all risks that are related to the underlying assets. These 
include the RV, RMT, insurance and the other vehicle related services such as roadside 
assistance and replacement vehicles. The main tasks of the AMC include:  
• 
Determining policies, standards, guidelines and procedures regarding the setting of 
technical and contract asset pricing;  
•  
Proposing asset risk tolerance levels (both Group and entity-level); 
• 
Providing technical modelling guidance; 
•  
Determining other technical and contract asset pricing boundaries for local entities; 
•  
Deciding on specific technical and contract asset pricing proposals by entities and global 
departments; 
•  
Monitoring of performance and tolerance breaches; 
•  
Monitoring of asset risk position and capital requirements; and 
•  
Monitoring of market and pricing developments for RV and RMT. 
Main tasks of Combined Risk & Pricing Committee (CRPC) 
CRPC is a delegated committee of the GRC, and the decisions taken in the CRPC are reported 
back to the GRC. The CRPC is the transactional subcommittee of the GRC and does as such 
decide on individual risk and pricing proposals that are not delegated to local entities or individual 
staff. The main tasks of the CRPC are transactional related to:  
•  
Decisioning on credit proposals and renewals within the authority given by the 
Supervisory Board and not delegated to local entities and/or individual staff; 
•  
Decisioning on loan strategies and related provisions for distressed / defaulted customers 
above EAD 250k;

--- Page 55 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 55 - 
55-41027549 
 
•  
Decisioning on insurance product and pricing proposals; and 
•  
Decisioning on pricing and profitability proposals. 
Main tasks of The Group Model Risk Committee (GMRC) 
GMRC is a delegated committee of the GRC, and the decisions taken in the GMRC are reported 
back to the GRC. The objective of the GRMC is to oversee the Group-level models used for the 
quantification of the various risk types and periodic stress testing, as well as ensuring regulatory 
compliance. To achieve its objective the GMRC fulfils the following tasks: 
•  
Model (re)-development and model review (global and local); 
•  
Monitoring of model performance (global and local); 
•  
Review and approval of model governance, policies and methodologies; 
•  
Identification and review of key data issues; 
•  
Approving new developed risk models; 
•  
Deciding on actions in case risk models are performing outside thresholds; 
•  
Review validation reports (global and local); and 
• 
Determining the stress test scenarios. 
Main tasks of Entity Risk Committee (ERC) 
The ERC is the local equivalent of the GRC and has the objective to enable controlled risk taking 
and ensuring regulatory compliance at the local entity level. To achieve its objective the ERC 
fulfils the following tasks: 
• 
Translating the global risk strategy and risk appetite to a local risk appetite; 
• 
Setting the policies, standards and tolerance levels for individual risk types; 
• 
Monitoring of adherence to Group-wide and local risk policies and standards; 
•  
Monitoring the adequacy of the on-site risk management practice; 
•  
Monitoring and managing of the actual risk profile against the local risk appetite and risk 
strategy; 
•  
Deciding on advice to the GRC regarding the acceptance of company-based risk appetite 
(CoBRA) breaches and initiating corrective and/or preventive actions; 
•  
Deciding on the acceptance of unmanaged risks and incidents within local authority; 
•  
Monitoring existing and emerging risk developments and trends; 
•  
Monitoring and ensuring compliance with changes in regulations; and 
•  
Defining the delegation of authorities for risk decisions to subcommittees and individual 
staff. 
Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) 
The RAS represents the overall risk the Group is willing and able to assume in order to achieve 
its strategic objectives, defined by quantitative and/or qualitative metrics (for example minimum 
debt rating and minimum capital levels, or any other parameter as the case may be). The risk 
appetite is set for the defined risk types as determined in the risk strategy, by using specific risk 
tolerance metrics across the risk universe. Subsequently, local entities are assigned local limits 
that are in line with the Group's overall risk appetite and commensurate with the local entity's 
budget. This is referred to as Country Based Risk Appetite (CoBRA). 
Depending on the risk metric, compliance with the risk appetite is monitored on a daily, monthly 
or quarterly basis. The Managing Board, through the Group Risk Committee, monitors, reviews 
and challenges the actual performance against the RAS and discusses potential corrective 
measures on (at least) a quarterly basis. 
Breaching of risk tolerance levels is always subject to a materiality check. If the breach is a non-
material variation, then no specific management action is required. A comprehensive report

--- Page 56 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 56 - 
55-41027549 
 
across all risk types of the RAS is provided on at least a quarterly basis to the Group Risk 
Committee and the Supervisory Board. This report includes as a minimum all material risk 
developments, deviations and potential future breaches. 
The risk management function department monitors developments on a consolidated as well as 
on entity level, and reports any relevant trends and deviations, and recommends on mitigating 
actions to the appropriate committees and or managing bodies. 
Policies, Standards, Models, Limits 
To mitigate and control risk, the group risk function ("Group Risk") sets policies, standards, 
models and limits for the individual risk types. All such policies, standards, models and limits are 
reviewed at least on an annual basis. 
The policy management framework provides the overall structure for all policies and standards 
for the individual risk type as defined in the risk strategy. All charters, frameworks, policies and 
standards for individual risk types fall under the hierarchy and standards as set out in the 
framework. 
Risk Function 
Group Risk and the risk function at entity level, are jointly referred to as "Risk function". The 
strategy of the Risk function is to implement group wide professional risk management that 
ensures regulatory compliance and a risk profile within the set risk appetite, by challenging and 
assisting the business and promoting risk awareness at all levels within the Group. 
The Risk function challenges and creates awareness for risk management within the Group and 
is responsible for coordination and execution of the risk management cycle. With the risk 
management framework and the implementation of best practices, the Risk function ensures that 
there is uniformity between the risk assessment approaches in the entities in which the Group 
operates. It also identifies the need for training and education and coordinates such activities. 
Group Risk further ensures that the Managing Board and the Supervisory Board are made aware 
of all material risk developments and provides adequate risk reporting and advice to these bodies 
that allow for comprehensive and proper decision making. Group Risk also ensures adequate 
knowledge of the risk types as included in the risk universe, sound knowledge of the regulatory 
requirements and maintenance of risk charters, policies, standards, models and limits. The Risk 
function at Group company level ensures proper monitoring and reporting of risks at entity level 
and adherence to all relevant limits, policies, standards and models. 
The risk management function of LeasePlan headed by the Chief Risk Officer and is organised 
into specialised departments at the central level and local on-site risk management teams at each 
entity and business unit. 
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) maintains the risk management framework and provides 
structured reporting on risk related matters to all relevant internal and external stakeholders. In 
this capacity ERM acts as owner of the input for the SREP and the Pillar 3 reporting. ERM also 
oversees the strategic risk domain. 
Financial Risk Management (FRM) oversees the four financial risk domains. FRM also 
determines the required amount of risk capital, monitors adequacy of available capital and 
supports the first line in steering on capital requirements. In addition, the FRM team has a 
dedicated underwriting desk that evaluates and decides on lease, credit & insurance proposals. 
The underwriting desk also evaluates and advices on non-standard risk proposals such as 
partnerships, joint-ventures, acquisitions and other such deals that may create risk exposure for 
LeasePlan. The on-site risk management teams at LeasePlan Treasury, LeasePlan Bank and 
LeasePlan Insurance report directly to the head of FRM. 
Non-Financial Risk Management (NFRM) oversees the operational, information and 
reputational risk domains. NFRM also maintains the internal control framework and performs 
assessments of their effectiveness. The on-site risk management teams at LeasePlan Digital, 
LeasePlan Information Services, LeasePlan Shared Services, and LeasePlan Global 
Procurement report directly to the head of NFRM.

--- Page 57 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 57 - 
55-41027549 
 
Risk Modelling & Analytics (RM&A) is responsible for the following stages of the model 
lifecycle: model development & testing, model implementation, model change management, and 
model monitoring. RM&A is organised into three specialised units: 
• 
Model Development 
• 
Model Implementation & Monitoring 
• 
Model (Risk) Management 
RM&A also operates the Retail Decision Centre, which is a dedicated centre of expertise for 
automated credit underwriting of lease propositions in the Retail segment. 
Model Validation is responsible for validating models in accordance with the requirements that 
follow from the tiering described in the Model Risk Management Standard. Model Validation is an 
independent function within LeasePlan and reports directly and solely to the CRO. 
On-site & Cluster Risk Management: each entity and business unit within the LeasePlan 
organisation has a dedicated on-site risk management team with risk management expertise 
relevant for each particular entity or business unit. These teams oversee all relevant risks at their 
local entity or business unit and fulfil the primary risk control function. The on-site risk 
management teams are organised into a number of clusters, each headed by a cluster risk 
director reporting directly to the Chief Risk Manager. 
Privacy & Compliance: Privacy & Compliance cooperates with all relevant other disciplines 
within LeasePlan, while operating independently from those disciplines. A privacy officer / 
compliance officer is independent from the business functions of LeasePlan.  
The purpose of Privacy & Compliance is to: 
• 
Assess applicable laws, regulations and rules that are in scope of the Privacy & 
Compliance and the possible impact of changes therein for LeasePlan’s activities; 
• 
Provide insight and oversight within LeasePlan with respect to the privacy and 
compliance risks; 
• 
Proactively advise and collaborate with business functions to manage privacy and 
compliance risks throughout the product life cycle and business activities to meet 
stakeholder expectations; 
• 
Inform, support and advise LeasePlan and its staff on their obligations in relation to 
privacy and compliance, including awareness and training and the issuance of policies 
and determine requirements; 
• 
Advice on, develop and enhance tools to strengthen the three lines model in order to 
identify, mitigate, monitor and to report on privacy and compliance risks; 
• 
Support LeasePlan’s strategy by establishing clear roles and responsibilities to help 
embed good compliance practices throughout the business by using a risk-based 
approach to align business outcomes with LeasePlan’s privacy and compliance risk 
appetite; 
• 
Deepen the culture of compliance by partnering with business functions to increase the 
culture of trust, accountability, transparency and integrity in evaluating, managing and in 
reporting on compliance risk; 
• 
Maintain various registers in accordance with laws, rules and regulations and internal 
policies, procedures and standards; and 
• 
Report on a regular basis and on an ad hoc basis in accordance with laws, rules and 
regulations and internal policies, procedures and standards. 
Furthermore, as part of the legal function, Regulatory Affairs (RA) promotes compliance by the 
Group of all applicable supervisory and regulatory requirements. RA identifies and tracks 
developments, trends and (future) changes in the supervisory and regulatory environment and 
works together with relevant departments and stakeholders in the Group to translate these 
developments, trends and changes into policies and working practices. In addition, RA

--- Page 58 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 58 - 
55-41027549 
 
coordinates the communication between LeasePlan and its supervisors and regulators and 
operates as single point of contact for the ECB. RA consists of four specific functions: 
• 
Regulatory Watchtower 
• 
Policy Office 
• 
Project Tracking Office 
• 
Supervisory Office 
Risk Universe 
LeasePlan has identified a risk universe relevant for its internal and external business 
environment consisting of 10 main risk categories, which are broadly divided into financial and 
non-financial risks. In January 2022 LeasePlan approved the new risk taxonomy providing a 
comprehensive, common, stable and (holistic) overview of the various risk types to which 
LeasePlan is exposed. Risks are categorized and defined in such a way that they are unique, do 
not overlap and leave no gaps. The risk taxonomy provides a list of all possible risks that may 
emerge and can become relevant to the business. The primary goal is having a unique 
standardized risk categorization. This allows for in-depth analysis of risks and enables LeasePlan 
to see risk relations that otherwise would not be visible.  
LeasePlan used ORX taxonomy as the benchmark to categorise the risks in their risk universe. 
The taxonomy contains lists of possible causes that might lead to risks or changes in risk levels. 
Also, it contains an impact table, summarizing different kinds of possible impacts when risks 
materialize. The impact table uses the same categorization as is presenting heath maps that 
present visualized results from risk assessments. 
The updated risk universe categorises three main types on risks: financial, non-financial and 
strategic. These are represented in three levels of risk category, where all level two risks 
aggregated compose a complete level one risk category, and all level three risk together compose 
complete level two risk. 
Financial Risks 
Asset Risk: The term asset risk is used within LeasePlan as a combination of residual value risks 
and risks on RMT services. Residual value risk is considered the main risk and is defined as 
LeasePlan’s exposure to potential losses due to the resale value of assets declining below the 
estimates made at lease inception minus risk mitigation. The risk related to RMT is LeasePlan’s 
exposure to potential loss due to the actual costs of the services, repair and maintenance and 
tires (over the entire contractual period) exceeding the estimates made at lease inception.  
Credit risk: As a result of its normal business activities, LeasePlan is exposed to credit risk which 
is the risk of financial losses due to default on a debt that may arise from a borrower failing to 
make required payments. More generally, credit risk is the risk that the value of a debt obligation 
will decline due to a change in the borrower’s ability to make payments, whether that change is 
an actual default or a change in the probability of default. In LeasePlan’s core business, this credit 
risk mainly relates to objects leased to clients, represented by the amortisation of leased objects 
that still needs to be invoiced in future lease rentals and lease rentals that have become due. 
Within the leasing industry, credit risk is mitigated materially by the underlying value of the 
available collateral (i.e., leased object). LeasePlan also considers step-in risk as part of credit 
risk. This is the risk that the Group has to provide financial support to an entity beyond contractual 
obligations to preserve its general financial interests. 
Treasury risk within LeasePlan entails liquidity risk, interest rate risk and currency risk: 
• Liquidity risk is the risk that LeasePlan is unable to efficiently meet both expected and 
unexpected current and future cash flows, without affecting either daily operations or its financial 
condition. 
• Interest rate risk is the risk that the profitability and shareholders’ equity is affected by 
movements in interest rates.  
• Currency risk entails the risk that currency fluctuations have an adverse impact on the capital 
ratios, result and shareholders’ equity.

--- Page 59 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 59 - 
55-41027549 
 
Motor insurance risk is the exposure to potential loss due to costs related to damages and 
compensation paid or payable. This risk consists of long-tail risks (e.g., motor third-party liability 
and legal defence) and short-tail risks (e.g., motor material damage and passenger indemnity). 
These risks are partially retained by LeasePlan’s insurance entity, Euro Insurances. Re-insurance 
cover is arranged by Euro Insurances on an excess of loss basis with an external re-insurance 
panel. Some LeasePlan subsidiaries have a local risk retention scheme for motor damage and 
retain the damage risk, while also offering insurance coverage through either Euro Insurances or 
external providers. 
Non-Financial Risks 
Operational risk involves the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
human behaviour, and systems or from external events. External and internal fraud, physical 
security and safety, business continuity, transaction processing and executions, third party, 
intragroup arrangements and model risks are included into Operational risk category. Operational 
incidents and losses in all (risk) areas are recorded in the Operational Incident Database. 
Information & Technology risk is the risk of breaching confidentiality, integrity or availability of 
information, due to human error or misbehaviour, inadequate processes or failing technology, 
leading to losses, financial misstatements, reputational damage or regulatory sanctions. 
Human Resources risk is defined as the risk of inadequate levels of staffing, inadequate staff 
relations, compensation, working conditions and legislation. It includes risks related to 
employment legislation and -requirements, sufficiency of staffing, staff suitability, remuneration, 
employment relations and performance management. 
Information risks are associated with information security and effective support of business 
objectives by adequate data and information systems. They include information security, data 
management and technology support risks.  
Compliance risk is the exposure to legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss, or loss 
to reputation LeasePlan may face as a result of its failure to act in accordance with customers' 
best interests, fair market practices and to comply with relevant laws, regulations, rules, internal 
policies, standards, and codes of conduct applicable to its business activities. Compliance risks 
include those related to counterparty and external conduct, employee conduct and internal 
culture, products and services and organisation. 
Reliable reporting is the risk of failing to meet statutory reporting and tax payments/filing 
requirements; possibility that the organization's financial or management reports contain material 
misstatements and/or is not meaningful for LeasePlan's management and stakeholders. It 
contains risks related to external financial reporting, regulatory reporting, tax payment and filing, 
management reporting and trade and transaction reporting. 
Legal risk is the risk of execution errors in legal procedures and processes. Legal risks include 
legal process and claims risk, contractual and non-contractual rights and obligation failures, risks 
related to intellectual property, listing and disclosure requirements and corporate governance 
risks. 
Change failure is the risk of not achieving strategic goals and objectives (including growth plans, 
scalability, efficiency) and/or disruption of business processes as result of improper risk 
assessments and improper defined or communicated requirements for, or management and 
embedding of change-portfolio's, -programs or single projects. 
Strategic risk is defined as risk of ineffective or improper implementation of business strategies, 
including M&A. It includes the potential financial loss due to the failure of growth initiatives or 
failure to respond appropriately to changes in the business environment. It includes risks related 
to strategic assumptions and business model risks and emerging risks.

--- Page 60 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 60 - 
55-41027549 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
If the terms of the Programme are modified or amended in a manner which would make the Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented, inaccurate or misleading, a new Base Prospectus will be prepared. 
In relation to each separate issue of Notes, the issue price and the amount of such Notes will be 
determined, before filing of the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") and interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes of each issue, based on then prevailing market conditions at the time 
of the issue of the Notes, and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Final Terms will be 
provided to investors and filed with the relevant competent authority for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation when any Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market as soon as 
practicable and if possible in advance of admittance to trading on a regulated market. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as the competent authority in the Issuer's 
home Member State of the EEA pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM has only 
approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in 
and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The information on the websites to which a hyperlink has been included in this Base Prospectus 
(other than the hyperlinks contained in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" 
below) does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the AFM. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme should purchase any Notes. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Dealers or the Arranger in their 
respective capacities, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer. No Dealer accepts any liability 
in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to 
any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. This Base Prospectus may only be used 
for the purposes for which it has been published. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction. 
In particular, further action may be required under the Programme in order to permit a public 
offering of the Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been

--- Page 61 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 61 - 
55-41027549 
 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors should review, inter alia, the most 
recent financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the EEA 
(including The Netherlands, Italy, Luxembourg), the United Kingdom, Japan and the United States 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are in bearer form and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirement of the Securities Act. 
Neither the Programme nor the Notes has been approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities Exchange Commission, any state securities commission in the United States or any 
other United States regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon 
or endorsed the merits of any offering of Notes or the accuracy or adequacy of this Base 
Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
All references in this document to "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to the currency of the United 
States of America, those to "Japanese yen", "Yen" and "¥" refer to the currency of Japan, those 
to "Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of Great Britain and those to "EUR", "€" and "euro" refer 
to the currency of the Member States of the European Union participating in the economic and 
monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 
on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
Benchmark Regulation 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation"). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant 
to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator 
of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the 
EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable 
law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may, inter alia, be calculated by reference to, the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), which is provided by the Bank of England and the Euro-zone

--- Page 62 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 62 - 
55-41027549 
 
inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute appears, and the 
Bank of England do not appear, on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for you 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the potential Investor's Currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios 
relating to the economic interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and 
its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Furthermore, each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent 
review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its 
acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary 
capacity, the beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully 
consistent with any investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether 
acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary). In 
particular, investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.

--- Page 63 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 63 - 
55-41027549 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously 
with this Base Prospectus and have been filed with the AFM, shall be deemed to be incorporated 
in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the deed of incorporation (akte van oprichting) of the Issuer which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/deedofincorp.pdf;  
(b) 
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2018/articles-of-association.pdf; 
(c) 
the publicly available audited consolidated and company financial statements of LPCorp 
for 2020 (as set out on pages 125 through 206 and pages 207 through 216 of the 2020 
annual report in respect of LPCorp, including the auditor's report thereon on pages 219 
through 
232) 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/annual-report-2020; and the publicly 
available audited consolidated and company financial statements of LPCorp for 2021 (as 
set out on pages 114 through 200 and pages 201 through 211 of the 2021 annual report 
in respect of LPCorp, including the auditor's report thereon on pages 215 through 230) 
which can be obtained from https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/annual-
report-2021; 
(d) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 36 and 119 
of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 
20 
June 
2012 
(the 
"2012 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2012/base-prospectus-20-june-2012.pdf; 
(e) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 55-77 and 
78-89 of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
dated 18 June 2013 (the "2013 Conditions") which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2013/base-prospectus-18-june-2013.pdf; 
(f) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 55-77 and 
78-89 of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
dated 17 June 2014 (the "2014 Conditions") which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2014/base-prospectus-17-june-2014.pdf; 
(g) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 45-66 and 
72-82 of the base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme 
dated 24 March 2017 (the "2017 Conditions") which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/media-
library/2017/base-prospectus-24-march-2017.pdf; 
(h) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 52-88 of the 
base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 29 
March 
2018 
(the 
"2018 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/investors/fu
nding-strategy-statement/leaseplan-mtn-programme-2018-update-base-prospectus.pdf; 
(i) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 52-93 of the 
base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 20 
March 
2019 
(the 
"2019 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/leaseplan-
mtn-programme-2019-update-base-prospectus.pdf;  
(j) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 53-104 of the 
base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 27 
March 
2020 
(the 
"2020 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/2020-
update-base-prospectus.pdf;

--- Page 64 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 64 - 
55-41027549 
 
(k) 
the terms and conditions (including the form of final terms) set out on pages 59-108 of the 
base prospectus prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme dated 1 April 
2021 
(the 
"2021 
Conditions") 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/leaseplan-
mtn-programme-2021-update-base-prospectus.pdf; and 
(l) 
the Issuer's press release dated 6 January 2022: "ALD proposed acquisition of LeasePlan 
- Creation of a leading global player in mobility", which can be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/news-
articles/2022/press-release-ald-proposed-acquisition-of-leaseplan.pdf. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. Any statements on the Issuer's competitive position included in a document 
which is incorporated by reference herein and where no external source is identified are based 
on the Issuer's internal assessment of generally available information. 
The Issuer will provide, free of charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus 
has been delivered, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the 
documents which are incorporated herein by reference and any further prospectus or prospectus 
supplement prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of updating or amending any information 
contained herein or therein and, where appropriate, English translations of any or all such 
documents. Requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer in writing at the 
registered office set out at the end of this Base Prospectus or by email to 
financelegal@leaseplan.com or telephone at +31 20 709 3000 with regard to LPCorp. 
In addition, such documents will be available, free of charge, from the office in London of 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and on 
the investors section of the Issuer's website https://www.leaseplan.com. Copies of documents 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can also be obtained from 
https://www.leaseplan.com. Any information contained in or accessible through any website, 
including https://www.leaseplan.com, does not form a part of the Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in 
any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in case of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included in the Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
 
Cross-Reference List 
The Annual Report 2020 
Financial Statements 
pages 125-216 
Auditor's Report 
pages 219-232 
 
The Annual Report 2021 
Financial Statements 
pages 114-211 
Auditor's Report 
pages 215-230 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for the issue of Notes under the 
Programme in an aggregate nominal amount which, when added to the aggregate nominal 
amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under the Programme, 
does not exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of 
calculating the aggregate amount of Notes issued under the Programme from time to time:

--- Page 65 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 65 - 
55-41027549 
 
(a) 
the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as defined 
under "Form of the Notes" below) shall be determined, at the discretion of LPCorp, as of 
the date of agreement to issue such Notes (the "Agreement Date") or on the preceding 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in 
London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the 
purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by 
any leading bank selected by LPCorp on such date; and 
(b) 
the amount (or, where applicable, the euro equivalent) of Zero Coupon Notes (as defined 
under "Form of the Notes" below) and other Notes issued at a discount or premium shall 
be calculated (in the case of Notes not denominated in euro, in the manner specified 
above) by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the relevant issue.

--- Page 66 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 66 - 
55-41027549 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or more Tranches issued on 
different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that 
the issue date and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in respect of 
different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all respects 
save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global Note or a permanent 
global Note, without interest coupons or talons. Each temporary global Note or, as the case may 
be, permanent global Note, which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with (i) a depositary or common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearing system or (ii) be deposited with 
Euroclear Netherlands. Each global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in the European System of Central 
Banks ("ESCB") credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), 
provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that 
arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B.1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 12 Rue Eugène Ruppert, 2453 Luxembourg, and the address of 
Euroclear Netherlands is Herengracht 459-469, 1017 BS Amsterdam, The Netherlands. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a temporary global Note and subject to TEFRA D selling 
restrictions, payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made against presentation of the temporary global Note only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of such Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. 
Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing system(s) and the relevant 
clearing system(s) have given a like certification (based on the certifications they have received) 
to the Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall mean the 
clearance and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is not less than 40 days nor (if the temporary 
global Note has been deposited with Euroclear Netherlands) more than 90 days after the date on 
which the temporary global Note is issued, interests in the temporary global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), upon request as described therein, either for interests in a 
permanent global Note without interest coupons or talons or for definitive Notes (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms) in each case (if the Notes are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions) 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of the preceding 
paragraph unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a temporary global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the temporary global Note for an interest in a 
permanent global Note or definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) 
the Agent shall arrange that, where a temporary global Note representing a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned an ISIN and a common code by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the ISIN and the common code 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series. Payments of principal and interest (if 
any) on a permanent global Note will be made through the relevant clearing system(s) against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the permanent global Note without any 
requirement for certification. Definitive Notes will be in the standard euromarket form. 
In case of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified Denomination 
plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be

--- Page 67 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 67 - 
55-41027549 
 
traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. So 
long as such Notes are represented by a Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note and 
the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, these Notes will be tradable only in the minimum 
Specified Denomination increased with integral multiples of such a smaller amount, 
notwithstanding that definitive Notes shall only be issued up to, but excluding, twice the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
A permanent global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole or (subject to the Notes 
which continue to be represented by the permanent global Note being regarded by the relevant 
clearing system(s) as fungible with the definitive Notes issued in partial exchange for such 
permanent global Note) in part, in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, for security printed 
definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons or coupon sheets and talons attached. 
Such exchange may be made, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, only upon the 
occurrence of any Exchange Event. 
An "Exchange Event" means (1) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done 
so and no successor clearing system is available or (2) the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes which would not be required were the Notes represented by the permanent global 
Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. 
In the event of the occurrence of any Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear Netherlands acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest 
in the global Note may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange and in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described above, the Issuer may also give notice to the 
Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur no later than 15 days after the date 
on which the relevant notice is received by the Agent. Global Notes and definitive Notes will be 
issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. At the date hereof, neither Euroclear nor Clearstream, 
Luxembourg regards Notes in global form as fungible with Notes in definitive form. 
In case of Notes represented by a permanent global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, 
on the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described above, an exchange for definitive Notes 
will only be possible in the limited circumstances as described in the Dutch Securities Giro 
Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in accordance with the rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Netherlands. 
The following legend will appear on all permanent global Notes, definitive Notes and interest 
coupons (including talons) which are subject to TEFRA D selling restrictions: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Notes or interest coupons. The following legend will appear on all global Notes held in Euroclear 
Netherlands: 
"Notice: This Note is issued for deposit with Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal 
Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear Netherlands") at Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Any person 
being offered this Note for transfer or any other purpose should be aware that theft or fraud is 
almost certain to be involved". 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 
10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note 
is still represented by a global Note and a holder of such Note so represented and credited to his 
account with the relevant clearing system(s) (other than Euroclear Netherlands) gives notice that 
it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless within a period of 15 days from the giving of such notice

--- Page 68 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 68 - 
55-41027549 
 
payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such global 
Note, holders of interests in such global Note credited to their accounts with the relevant clearing 
system(s) (other than Euroclear Netherlands) will become entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by the relevant clearing system(s) (other 
than Euroclear Netherlands) on and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note. In the case 
of a global Note deposited with Euroclear Netherlands, the rights of Noteholders will be exercised 
in accordance with the Securities Giro Transfer Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer).

--- Page 69 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 69 - 
55-41027549 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each global Note and which will be endorsed on (or, if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
incorporated by reference into) each definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. The 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Tranche 
of Notes. The applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on, incorporated by reference into, or 
attached to, each global Note and definitive Note in the standard euromarket form. Reference 
should be made to "Form of the Notes" above for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
includes the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions. 
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by the Issuer named in the Final Terms endorsed on, 
incorporated by reference into or attached to this Note (the "Issuer" and the "Final Terms", 
respectively) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). References herein to the 
"Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and shall mean (i) in 
relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in 
the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global 
Note and (iii) any global Note. The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) also have the 
benefit of an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as further 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") 
dated 1 April 2022 and made, inter alia, between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Agent", which expression shall include 
any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes in the standard euromarket form (unless otherwise indicated in 
the Final Terms) have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the Final Terms, talons 
for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
Any reference herein to "Noteholders" shall mean the holders of the Notes, and shall, in relation 
to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein 
to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons, and shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. Any holders mentioned above include those 
having a credit balance in the collective depots held by Nederlands Centraal Instituut voor Giraal 
Effectenverkeer B.V. ("Euroclear Netherlands") or one of its participants. 
The Final Terms for this Note are endorsed hereon or attached hereto or incorporated by 
reference herein and supplement these Terms and Conditions and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Note. 
References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms for this Note. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing) from the date on which such consolidation is expressed to take 
effect. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms are available at the specified 
offices of each of the Agent and the other Paying Agents save that a Final Terms relating to an 
unlisted Note will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder upon such Noteholder 
producing evidence as to identity satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent. The Noteholders and 
the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. Any amendments to the Terms and Conditions required in connection with such additional 
or alternative clearing systems shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 70 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 70 - 
55-41027549 
 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the 
Specified Currency, the Specified Denomination(s) and the Specified Form(s). This Note may be 
a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a CMS-Linked Interest Note or a Zero Coupon Note or 
a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis shown in the Final Terms. 
This Note may be a Senior Note, a Senior Non-Preferred Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. For Notes held by 
Euroclear Netherlands deliveries will be made in accordance with the Dutch Securities Giro 
Transfer Act ("Wet giraal effectenverkeer"). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent and any Paying Agent may 
deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream, Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the 
holder of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note 
which, for so long as the relevant global Note is held by a depositary or common depositary, in 
the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN, for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or (except in the case of an NGN) any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper 
(and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note held by a common 
depositary for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. In case of Notes represented by a permanent global Note deposited with Euroclear 
Netherlands, a Noteholder shall not have the right to request delivery (uitlevering) of his Notes 
under the Dutch Securities Giro Transfer Act ("Wet giraal effectenverkeer") other than as set out 
in the global Note and in accordance with the rules and regulations of Euroclear Netherlands. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms but shall not include Euroclear Netherlands. 
2. 
Status and ranking of the Notes and set-off 
(a) 
Senior Notes 
This Condition 2(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being 
Senior Notes.  
The Senior Notes and the relative Coupons constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, save for those preferred by mandatory provisions of law and other than those 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on article 
212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision

--- Page 71 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 71 - 
55-41027549 
 
implementing article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399, in The Netherlands). 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 2(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons qualify as, and comprise part 
of the class of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and constitute unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, save as provided by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law, rank (i) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) 
of the Issuer pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other 
present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations, (ii) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to 
any present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do 
not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations including the claims of creditors 
arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013, as amended, and (iii) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer senior to any Junior Obligations. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
("Senior Non-Preferred Holders") or Couponholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations (including claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR) have been satisfied.  
If resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer in accordance with the 
Applicable Resolution Framework, the aforementioned ranking in the event of bankruptcy 
will in principle be followed, in reverse order (with the most junior instruments or liabilities 
first affected), subject to certain exceptions. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019; 
"Junior Obligations" means any present and future claims in respect of obligations of 
the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank, subordinated to claims in respect of 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (including Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations); and 
"Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations" (niet preferente niet achtergestelde 
schuld) means any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which have a lower ranking within the meaning of article 212rb 
of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
article 108 paragraph 2 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399, in The Netherlands) than the claims in respect of all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The rights and claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes 
and the relative Coupons (the "Subordinated Holders") are subordinated as described 
below. 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory applicable law (including as provided 
pursuant to Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet)), the rights 
and claims (if any) of the holders of the Subordinated Notes to payment under the 
Subordinated Notes in respect of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes shall in 
the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer rank pari passu without preference 
among themselves and:

--- Page 72 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 72 - 
55-41027549 
 
subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits 
rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with 
respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including those unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on Article 212rb of the 
Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 
108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The 
Netherlands)), (c) the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR, (d) other unsubordinated claims and (e) other 
subordinated claims ranking senior thereto (collectively, "Senior Claims"). 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Holder in respect of the 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from Senior Claims 
have been satisfied. 
The Subordinated Notes of this Series are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for the 
purposes of the regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer from time to time ("Tier 2 
Notes"). 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding applicable law (including 
as provided pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet)), 
any Coupons shall in the case of (a) the bankruptcy of the Issuer or (b) dissolution 
(ontbinding) rank above own funds within the meaning of CRR, pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and junior to all unsubordinated rights and claims 
(including with respect to the repayment of borrowed money). 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, 
including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019. 
(d) 
No set-off or netting (applicable in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes only) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and relative Coupons and the Subordinated Notes and 
relative Coupons are not eligible for any set-off or netting by any Senior Non-Preferred 
Holder, Subordinated Holder or Couponholder and no Senior Non-Preferred Holder, 
Subordinated Holder or Couponholder shall be able to exercise or claim any right of set-
off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Subordinated Notes or relative 
Coupons. To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Holder, Subordinated Holder or 
Couponholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such 
amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off 
or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred Holder, 
Subordinated Holder or Couponholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an 
amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set-off or netted (such a transfer, 
a "Set-off Repayment") and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes or relative Coupons until the Issuer has received in 
full the relevant Set-off Repayment. Irrespective of any other set-off or netting agreement 
providing otherwise, the (im)possibility of any set-off or netting by a Senior Non-Preferred 
Holder, Subordinated Holder or Couponholder shall be exclusively governed by Dutch 
law.  
3. 
Negative Pledge (applicable in relation to Senior Notes only) 
So long as any Senior Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or permit to 
subsist any Encumbrance (other than a Permitted Encumbrance) upon the whole or any 
part of its present or future undertakings, receivables, assets or revenues to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness of any person without at the same time or prior thereto securing 
the Senior Notes equally and rateably therewith or providing such other security for the 
Senior Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 73 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 73 - 
55-41027549 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock or certificate in 
physical form which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market; 
"Permitted Encumbrance" means an Encumbrance by the Issuer over the whole or any 
part of its receivables, undertaking or assets, present or future, pursuant to any 
securitisation, mortgage-backed financing, asset-backed financing or other similar 
financing transaction in accordance with normal market practice whereby (1) the value of 
the receivables, assets, undertakings subject to such Encumbrance is not greater than is 
required to allow the securitisation, mortgage-backed financing, asset-backed financing, 
or similar financing transaction to take place, taking into consideration the nature and 
performance history of the underlying assets, any rating requirements and prevailing 
market conditions, and (2) recourse under the Encumbrance is limited to the proceeds of 
sale, collection or realisation of the specific assets, receivables, undertakings secured by 
the Encumbrance; and 
"Encumbrance" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance. 
4. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, on giving 
prior notice to the Agent, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and, if applicable, 
Euroclear Netherlands and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the 
notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated in euro in the denomination of 
euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note equal to the principal amount of 
that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate 
provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Agent, that the 
then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of internationally 
offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions 
shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on 
which the Notes may be listed and the Agent and other Paying Agents of such 
deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with 
paragraph (iv) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Notes held (or, as the 
case may be, in respect of which Coupons are presented for payment) by the 
relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the 
nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date they 
shall be issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, 
euro 10,000, euro 100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts 
less than euro 1,000 or such smaller denominations as the Agent may approve) 
euro 0.01 and such other denominations as the Agent shall determine and notify 
to the Noteholders; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated 
in the Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void 
with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") 
that replacement euro-denominated Notes and Coupons are available for 
exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will 
be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Notes so

--- Page 74 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 74 - 
55-41027549 
 
issued will also become void on that date although those Notes will continue to 
constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes 
and Coupons will be issued in exchange for Notes and Coupons denominated in 
the Specified Currency in such manner as the Agent may specify and as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be 
given less than 15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on 
the Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing 
before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references 
in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in 
euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after 
the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other 
than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated by applying the Fixed Rate 
of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 5(a)), and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount; 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to interest; 
and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, 
after consultation with the Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform 
them to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. Any 
such other changes will not take effect until after they have been notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency 
(including compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable 
European Union regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for 
payment of interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to 
paragraph (a) above and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the 
Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of the European economic and 
monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union. 
5. 
Interest 
"Calculation Agent" means the Calculation Agent so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed 
Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
and including the Maturity Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 7(i).

--- Page 75 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 75 - 
55-41027549 
 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Condition, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days for calculating the amount of interest payable in respect of the relevant Fixed Interest 
Period shall also be adjusted in accordance with such Business Day Convention, unless 
"Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case such amount of 
interest shall be calculated as if the relevant Interest Payment Date were not subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than any Additional Business Centre and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall 
be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. In these Conditions, 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such 
interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of 
such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 76 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 76 - 
55-41027549 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5(a): 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect 
of the whole of that year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination dates that would occur in one calendar year 
assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that 
year; and 
(b) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such 
number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-
day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CGN" means Classic Global Note; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); 
"NGN" means New Global Note; and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as a legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, means one cent. 
Where Mid Swap Rate and Reference Rate Replacement are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable and the Agent is unable to determine the applicable Mid 
Swap Rate at the relevant time, the applicable Mid Swap Rate will be the rate as 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Reference Rate Replacement), provided 
that, if no such rate can be determined in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Reference Rate 
Replacement) or if Reference Rate Replacement is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable, the applicable Mid Swap Rate will be the rate as last applied 
in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Fixed Interest Period.

--- Page 77 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 77 - 
55-41027549 
 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS-Linked Interest Note bears interest on its outstanding 
nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate equal 
to the rate of Interest payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or: 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date, subject in 
any case as provided in Condition 7(i). Such interest will be payable in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms 
and Conditions, means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date or (in relation to CMS-Linked Interest Notes) the Period 
End Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date or (in relation to CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes) the next (or first) Period End Date) (or, if the Notes are redeemed 
on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date)). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance 
with Condition 5(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, 
such Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable 
Final Terms after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day save 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is Index 
Determination SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date 
will not be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue 
during the period from and after the scheduled final Interest 
Payment Date; or

--- Page 78 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 78 - 
55-41027549 
 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days for calculating the amount of interest payable in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period shall also be adjusted in accordance with such Business 
Day Convention, unless "Unadjusted" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which case such amount of interest shall be calculated as if the relevant Interest 
Payment Date were not subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business 
Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than any 
Additional Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open. In these Conditions, "TARGET2 System" 
means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) System; 
(C) 
in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as Index 
Determination SOFR in the relevant Final Terms, any weekday that is a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in 
New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a 
date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed. 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (or any successor) recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, Screen Rate Determination, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Index Determination SOFR, Compounded Daily 
€STR or any other method of determination shall apply as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of CMS-
Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to CMS-Linked Interest Rate. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this subparagraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the 
Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap

--- Page 79 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 79 - 
55-41027549 
 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating either (i) the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) 
(the "2006 ISDA Definitions") or (ii) the latest version of the ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined 
therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any 
successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org), on the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, (the 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" and together with the 2006 ISDA Definitions, the 
"ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on the Euro-zone interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any other 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation 
Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. If the 
ISDA Rate cannot be determined as described above, the adjustment 
rules set out in the ISDA Definitions will apply. When this sub-paragraph 
(A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation 
Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 
5(b)(iv) in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has 
determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the 
manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily 
SONIA", "Compounded Daily €STR" or " Index Determination SOFR", the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, 
be either: 
(1) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily 
supplied by one entity, the Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(2) 
in any other case, the Agent will determine the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the Reference Rates which appear on 
the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; 
(3) 
if, in the case of (1) above, such rate does not appear on that page 
or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such rates appear on 
that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer will request 
the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide to the Agent a quotation 
of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the

--- Page 80 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 80 - 
55-41027549 
 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(B) 
the Agent will determine the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of such quotations; 
(4) 
if fewer than two such quotations as referred to in (3) above are 
provided as requested, the Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates as communicated 
to (and at the request of) the Agent by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in the Relevant Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, deposits in the Specified Currency for the 
relevant Interest Period by leading banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Agent with such offered rates, the 
offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Interest Period, at which, at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of 
the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency; 
(5) 
If, in the case of 2 above, five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so 
determined; provided, however, that if the Agent is unable to determine 
a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition B, the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case 
of (1) above, those banks whose offered rates were used to determine 
such quotation when such quotation last appeared on the Relevant 
Screen Page and, in the case of (2) above, those banks whose offered 
quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer 
than three such offered quotations appeared. 
(C) 
Compounded Daily SONIA  
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period

--- Page 81 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 81 - 
55-41027549 
 
shall be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Agent will, on each Interest Determination Date, determine: 
(a) 
the Rate of Interest for the related Interest Period; and 
(b) 
the Interest Payment Date next following the related Interest 
Period. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of these Conditions, in the event the Bank 
of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Reference Rate 
is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference 
Rate, the Agent shall, subject to receiving written instructions from the 
Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for so long as the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the Agent, then (unless the Agent has 
been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related 
Adjustment Spread) pursuant to Condition 5(f) (Reference Rate 
Replacement) below, if applicable) the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date  (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period 
had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled 
first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable to the first 
Interest Period). 
There will be no maximum Interest Rate. In the event that the Interest Rate 
for any Interest Period is determined in accordance with the provisions set 
out in this Condition to be less than zero, the Interest Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be zero. 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date 
falling five Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if 
applicable, the date falling five Business Days prior to any other date on 
which a payment of interest is to be made in respect of the Notes). 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference 
rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
365
) − 1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"do" is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 82 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 82 - 
55-41027549 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"LBD" means a Business Day; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period, means the 
number of calendar days from and including such day "i" up to but 
excluding the following Business Day; 
"p" means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other 
number of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that such number shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days 
unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means in respect of any Business Day falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day 
falling "p" Business Days prior to that Business Day "i"; and 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means in respect of any Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
("SONIA") rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the screen or, 
if the screen is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day). 
Subject to Condition 5(f) (Reference Rate Replacement) (if applicable), if, 
in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Agent determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the 
screen or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England's bank rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
In the event that the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, the Interest Rate shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date. 
(D) 
Compounded Daily €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily €STR", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
shall be Compounded Daily €STR plus or minus the Margin (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily 
euro short-term rate as the reference rate of the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STR𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷 ×  𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
  
where:

--- Page 83 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 83 - 
55-41027549 
 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
"do" is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
"ECB" means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting 
authority thereto;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
"ni", for any TARGET Settlement Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such TARGET 
Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following TARGET Settlement 
Day;  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period 
from and including the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, 
the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due 
and payable);  
"p" means for any Interest Period, the whole number of TARGET 
Settlement Days, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, being no less 
than five TARGET Settlement Days;  
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open 
for the settlement of payments in Euro;  
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement 
Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for 
such TARGET Settlement Day as published by the ECB, as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website 
of the ECB initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the ECB (the "ECB's Website") (in each case, on 
or before 9:00 a.m., Central European Time, on the TARGET Settlement 
Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day); and  
"€STR i-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the 
TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the 
relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET 
Settlement Day as specified above, and unless both an €STR Index 
Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date (each, as 
defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate shall be a rate 
equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such rate 
was published on the ECB's Website.  
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET 
Settlement Day as specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation 
Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the 
rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period 
occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the 
replacement for €STR by the ECB (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the ECB 
(or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of

--- Page 84 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 84 - 
55-41027549 
 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by 
the ECB or another administrator) (the "ECB Recommended Rate"), 
provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before the end of 
the first TARGET Settlement Day following the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and 
including such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as 
if references to "€STR" were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility 
Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the ECB's 
Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate 
and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the 
"EDFR Spread").  
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently occur, then the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the 
relevant Observation Period occurring from and including that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as 
if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET 
Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET 
Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs.  
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where 
a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
As used in these Conditions:  
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events:  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR;

--- Page 85 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 85 - 
55-41027549 
 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR 
Index Cessation Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided 
by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR);  
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or  
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
the central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; and  
 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in 
respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first 
date for which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the 
administrator thereof. 
(E) 
Index Determination SOFR  
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being " 
Index Determination SOFR", the Rate of Interest for each applicable 
Interest Period will be compounded daily SOFR for the relevant Interest 
Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑋 𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin (if 
any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, all as determined and 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which 
the SOFR Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which 
the SOFR Index End is determined (the Observation Period); 
"End" means in relation to any Interest Period the SOFR Index value on 
the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, 
or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Numerator" means 360;

--- Page 86 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 86 - 
55-41027549 
 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, 
unless otherwise specified shall be five; 
"SOFR" means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR index value published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day by the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) as such value appears on the website of the FRBNY, or any 
successor source; and 
"Start" means in relation to any Interest Period the SOFR Index value on 
the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 
Subject to Condition 5(f) (Reference Rate Replacement), if applicable, if a 
SOFR Index Start or SOFR Index End is not published on the associated 
Interest Determination Date, the “Index Determination SOFR” rate, for the 
applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, will be the 
rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in 
accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required 
for 
such 
formula, 
published 
on 
the 
FRBNY's 
website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-reporeference-rates-
information or any successor website. For the purposes of this provision, 
references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related 
definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced with “Observation 
Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days” shall be 
removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day, “i” 
in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which SOFR was published on the FRBNY's website or any successor 
website. 
(F) 
CMS-Linked Interest Rate 
Where CMS-Linked Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be determined as set out 
below according to which of the following Reference Rates is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and; 
(1) 
where CMS Reference Rate is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
(2) 
where CMS Steepener Rate is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 ×  𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1) – (𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 2 ×  𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2) 
+  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
(3) 
where Leverage CMS Reference Rate is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 ×  𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛

--- Page 87 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 87 - 
55-41027549 
 
(4) 
where CMS Reference Rate Spread is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1 – 𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2 +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
(5) 
where Leveraged CMS Reference Rate Spread is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 1 × (𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 1 − 𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 2) +  𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS 
Rate as at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, 
the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two or 
more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, 
the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
quotations, eliminating, where there are more than two quotations available, the 
highest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If on any Period End Date one only 
or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be the CMS 
Rate last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period; 
"CMS Rate 1" means the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS 
Rate 1 as at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, 
the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating, where there are more than two quotations available, the highest (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). If on any Period End Date one only or none 
of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate 1 last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period; 
"CMS Rate 2" means the applicable swap rate for CMS swap transactions, in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS 
Rate 2 as at the Specified Time on the Period End Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, 
the Issuer or an agent selected by the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap 
Rate (as expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the 
Specified Time on the Period End Date in question. If two or more of the Reference

--- Page 88 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 88 - 
55-41027549 
 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating, where there are more than two quotations available, the highest (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). If on any Period End Date one only or none 
of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be the CMS Rate 2 last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period; 
"Designated Maturity" means the time period specified as such in the Final 
Terms in relation to CMS-Linked Interest Notes; 
"Period End Dates" means each date specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
such, provided that if no Period End Dates are so specified, each Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Reference Banks" means, in relation to CMS Rates (i) where the Reference 
Currency is euro, the principal Eurozone office of five leading swap dealers in the 
inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal 
London office of five leading swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York 
City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or 
(iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-
bank market, in each case as selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer; 
"Reference Currency" means each currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of 
good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a Designated 
Maturity determined by the Calculation Agent after consultation with the 
Issuer by reference to standard market practice and/or ISDA Definitions; 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual 
swap rate determined on the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction 
with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is 
equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a Designated 
Maturity of six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, 
to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a Designated Maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market 
semi-annual swap rate determined on the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on

--- Page 89 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 89 - 
55-41027549 
 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
Designated Maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the Reference 
Currency Mid-market Swap Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest 
Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall in no event be less 
than such Minimum Rate of Interest and/or if it specifies a Maximum Rate of 
Interest for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall in no event be greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest. Unless otherwise 
stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed 
to be zero. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Agent will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (each an "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes in 
respect of the Calculation Amount for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest subunit of the Specified Currency), half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one 
cent. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of 
interest in accordance with this Condition 5(b): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case 
of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 90 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 90 - 
55-41027549 
 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 =
[360(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(i) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 =
[360(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due 
presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, 
interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Calculation Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 or individually.

--- Page 91 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 91 - 
55-41027549 
 
(d) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
This Condition will be applicable (as appropriate) in relation to all Notes which are interest-
bearing. 
The Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date, or 
any other item related to the calculation of interest, determined or calculated by it to be 
notified to the Agent who will cause them to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 
14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. If the Calculation Amount is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in London. 
(e) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
paragraph (b) whether by the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, if applicable, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and 
Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(f) 
Reference Rate Replacement 
If: 
(i) 
Reference Rate Replacement is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable and Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined; and 
(ii) 
a Reference Rate Event has occurred when any Rate of Interest (or 
component thereof) remains to be determined by reference to the 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant 
Series of Notes: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavors to appoint an Independent Adviser to 
determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if such Independent Adviser fails so to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) (in any such case, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) no later than ten Business Days (or such 
shorter period as the Issuer would require) prior to the Interest Determination Date relating 
to the next Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and 
for all other future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
5(f) during any other future Interest Period(s));

--- Page 92 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 92 - 
55-41027549 
 
(2) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Reference Rate or 
an Alternative Reference Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(f)(1)) prior to the 
relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) shall use reasonable endeavors to determine: 
(A) 
a Successor Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer fails so to determine a Successor Reference Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, 
and, in each case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) no later than five Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period (the "Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date"), for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next Interest Period and for all other future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(f) during any other future 
Interest Period(s)). Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of 
determining any Alternative Reference Rate and/or any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer 
will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any 
published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(3) 
if a Successor Reference Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable) is determined by the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) in accordance with this Condition 5(f): 
(A) 
such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for all future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as provided in, 
this Condition 5(f)); 
(B) 
if the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) 
and determines to the best of its knowledge and capability (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 5(f)); and 
(C) 
the relevant Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may in its discretion 
specify: 
(x) 
changes to these Terms and Conditions in order to follow market 
practice in relation to such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), including, but not 
limited to (1) Additional Business Centre(s), Additional Financial 
Center(s), Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Financial Centre, 
Relevant Time, Reference Banks and/or Relevant Screen Page 
applicable to the Notes and (2) the method for determining the 
fallback to the Rate of Interest in relation to the Notes if such 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is not available; and 
(y) 
any other changes which the relevant Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines are reasonably necessary to 
ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference 
Rate of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable),

--- Page 93 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 93 - 
55-41027549 
 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Interest Periods (subject to 
the subsequent operation of this Condition 5(f)); and 
(4) 
promptly following the determination of (i) any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and (ii) if applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the effective 
date thereof) pursuant to Condition 5(f)(3)(C) to the Calculation Agent and the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (as 
applicable) as described in this Condition 5(f) or such other relevant changes pursuant to 
Condition 5(f)(3)(C), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other 
steps by the Issuer or any of the parties to the Agency Agreement. 
If a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate is not determined 
pursuant to the operation of this Condition 5(f) on or before the relevant Issuer 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest for the next Interest Period shall be 
determined by reference to the fallback provisions for the relevant Reference Rate set out 
in Condition 5(b)(ii). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(f) shall act in good faith 
and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, 
the Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it (or not made by it) pursuant to this Condition 5(f). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(f), no Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments 
to the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes will be made 
pursuant to this Condition 5(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, 
the same could reasonably be expected to: 
 
In respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes,  
(i) 
prejudice the qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities; and/or  
(ii)  
result in the relevant Resolution Authority treating the next Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of such Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date, 
 
In respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
(i) 
impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility (in whole 
or in part) as Tier 2 Notes; and/or 
(ii) 
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 5(f) with respect to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes, is subject to the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (provided 
that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(f), if in the Calculation Agent's 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 5(b)(f), the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent 
shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur 
any liability for not doing so. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5(b)(f), none of the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in respect of any amendment 
to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 5(f) which, in the sole opinion of the Agent or

--- Page 94 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 94 - 
55-41027549 
 
the Calculation Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of increasing the obligations 
or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Agent, or the Calculation Agent 
(as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to a Successor 
Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Reference Rate with such Successor Reference Rate 
by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate for which no such recommendation 
has been made or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognized or 
acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(as applicable); or 
(iii) 
if no such customary market usage is recognized or acknowledged, the relevant 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) in its discretion determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines has replaced the Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest in respect of notes denominated in the Specified Currency and of 
a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Periods, or, if such Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as such 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute 
or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Reference Rate" shall be EURIBOR, Mid Swap Rate, Compounded Daily SONIA, Index 
Determination SOFR or any other reference rate specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(but excluding Compounded Daily €STR), subject as provided in Condition 5(f) 
(Reference Rate Replacement). 
"Reference Rate Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that it has 
ceased, or will cease, publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of such Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which such Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences 
either generally, or in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 95 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 95 - 
55-41027549 
 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference 
Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(vi) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmark Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended), if applicable). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which such reference rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of such reference rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which such 
reference rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of such reference rate, (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Reference Rate" means the rate that the relevant Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference 
Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident 
account) maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified Currency 
drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall be 
Melbourne); and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, 
at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of any payments to be made in U.S. dollars, outside 
the United States (as defined below). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining 
thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on 
exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of 
such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be 
paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing Coupon at

--- Page 96 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 96 - 
55-41027549 
 
any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due. Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become 
void and no further Coupons in respect of any such Talons will be made or issued, as the 
case may be. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, CMS-Linked Interest Note or Long 
Maturity Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and 
Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect 
thereof. Where any such Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons 
or Talons relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on 
issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of 
such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable 
only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Notes and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made 
against presentation or surrender of such global Note, distinguishing between any 
payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made in respect of a CGN on 
such global Note by such Paying Agent and in respect of an NGN pro rata in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Such record in respect of a CGN shall be 
prima facie evidence and such records in respect of an NGN shall be conclusive evidence 
that the payment in question has been made. 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented 
by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such global Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall 
have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and 
the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and 
interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 97 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 97 - 
55-41027549 
 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of definitive Notes only: the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of presentation (in the case of 
definitive Notes only) and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian or New Zealand Dollars shall be Melbourne and 
Wellington, respectively or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET 2 System is open. 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount; and 
(vi) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable by the Issuer under 
or in respect of the Notes, 
(vii) 
and shall be deemed to exclude any amount written down or converted (if any) 
pursuant to Condition 7(j). 
(viii) 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be 
payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, written down or purchased and cancelled as specified 
below, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (in the case of Notes other than 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes), on giving not less than

--- Page 98 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 98 - 
55-41027549 
 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) if, on the occasion of the next payment due under the 
Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 8, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of any Relevant Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any political 
subdivision or any authority of or in any Relevant Jurisdiction having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) 
obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 (1) 
CRR, (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer 
complies with Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) comply with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such 
time. The Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes at any time within five years after the Issue Date if, without prejudice to this 
Condition 7(b), there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes 
which the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material 
and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance. 
With respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and such 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(b) is subject to (i) the Issuer 
obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) 
CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time.  
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(b) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 7 days' notice, or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(ii) 
not less than 7 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the 
Agent, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or some only of the Notes then 
outstanding on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date(s). 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not higher than the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as 
indicated (if at all) in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected individually by lot, 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount at their discretion) and/or Euroclear Netherlands, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 7 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes

--- Page 99 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 99 - 
55-41027549 
 
represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes 
outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each 
case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if 
necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified 
Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the 
relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection 
Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this subparagraph (c) and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 at least 5 days prior to the Selection Date. 
Further, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the 
prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) 
have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer complies 
with Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and (iii) comply with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such 
time. 
With respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and such 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(c) is subject to (i) the Issuer 
obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) 
CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time. 
(d) 
Redemption of Notes at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice or 
such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in 
part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note its holder must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if applicable, 
Euroclear Netherlands, deliver at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, a duly 
signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is 
represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands, to exercise the right to 
require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give 
notice to the Agent and the Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if applicable, Euroclear 
Netherlands (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them or common safekeeper or, 
if applicable, Euroclear Netherlands to the Agent and the Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if applicable, 
Euroclear Netherlands from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a global Note, 
at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant global Note to or to

--- Page 100 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 100 - 
55-41027549 
 
the order of the Agent for notation (if applicable) or for a record of such redemption to be 
made in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
(e) 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation for regulatory purposes of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and upon the occurrence of 
an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, and having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Holders, redeem at any time (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes other than 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in 
the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes), in accordance with the 
Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest 
(if any) to but excluding the date of redemption.  
A "MREL Disqualification Event" shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or 
change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) 
are likely to become: 
(a)  
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, fully excluded; or 
(b)  
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, fully or partially excluded, 
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, 
and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that a MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the 
relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria 
for such minimum requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with 
respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or 
allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of a 
MREL Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior 
Non- Preferred Notes can no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the below (but without any 
requirement for the permission of the Senior Non-Preferred Holders) and having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Holders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible Liabilities within the meaning of the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, 
the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 7(e), as the case may be, provided that such substitution 
or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favourable to the Senior Non-
Preferred Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has discretion as 
to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or variation of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (2) have at least the same interest 
rate and the same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, (3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (4) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period

--- Page 101 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 101 - 
55-41027549 
 
from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or 
substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution and (6) be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 7(e) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of 
the Competent Authority pursuant to article 77(2) CRR and (ii) compliance with any other 
pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, substitution or variation 
as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at 
such time. 
(f) 
Redemption, Substitution and Variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and upon the occurrence of a 
Capital Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, subject to: 
(i)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (a) the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR, (b) the 
Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer 
complies with Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality on 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and (c) comply 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption 
as may be required by the Competent Authority or CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at such time, or 
(ii)  
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (a) the 
prior permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (b) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at such time,  
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to 
the Subordinated Holders redeem at any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other 
than Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes), in accordance with the 
Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the Optional Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to 
but excluding the date of redemption. 
A "Capital Event" shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated 
Notes being excluded, in whole or in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of 
the CRR) of the Issuer or the Group or reclassified as own funds of lower quality of the 
Issuer, which change in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed within five years after the Issue Date, (ii) is 
considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of their issuance as required by Article 78(4) CRR. 
An "MREL Disqualification Event" shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or 
change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated 
Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become: 
(a) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, fully excluded; or 
(b) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, fully or partially excluded,

--- Page 102 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 102 - 
55-41027549 
 
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, 
and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that a MREL Disqualification 
Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes from the relevant 
minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Subordinated Notes 
being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such 
minimum requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to 
the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes or (ii) any 
applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet 
the MREL Requirement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing and 
the Subordinated Notes have been excluded from Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (within the 
meaning of CRR) in full, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes at its option upon 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event only after the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a Capital Event 
has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time (but without any requirement 
for the permission of the Subordinated Holders) and having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Subordinated Holders, 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD 
or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. Upon 
the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or 
substitute, the Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(e), as the case 
may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are 
materially less favourable to the Subordinated Holders. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such 
substitution or variation of the Subordinated Notes. 
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and 
the same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated 
Notes, (3) have the same maturity date and redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes, 
(4) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment 
date last preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) 
the same (solicited) credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised stock 
exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution. 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement 
then in effect and applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or consolidated basis) 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or 
implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies 
relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent Authority from time to time 
(whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards or policies 
have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer); 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) (also referred to herein as the DNB) and any successor or 
replacement thereto, or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), as determined by the Issuer; 
"CRD" means together, (i) the CRD Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the Future Capital 
Instruments Regulations;

--- Page 103 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 103 - 
55-41027549 
 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC 
and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended from time to time, 
including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019); 
"Future Capital Instruments Regulations" means any regulatory capital rules 
implementing the CRR or the CRD Directive which may from time to time be introduced, 
including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards or implementing technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent 
Authority, the European Banking Authority or other relevant authority, which are 
applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) and which lay down the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) as required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD 
Directive; 
"MREL Eligible Liabilities" means "eligible liabilities" (or any equivalent or successor 
term) which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by 
then Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or consolidated 
basis) under Applicable MREL Regulations; and 
"MREL Requirement" means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which 
is or, as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or 
consolidated basis). 
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
Subject to paragraph (j) below, for the purpose of paragraph (b) above and Condition 10, 
each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") 
equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the sum of the figure 1 and the Accrual Yield, raised to the power of x, 
where "x" is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months 
of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator of which is 360, or on such other calculation basis 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at their nominal amount. 
(h) 
Purchases 
Subject as provided below in relation to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes at any price 
in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at the 
option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
Any purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and 
(ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
purchase as may be required by the Competent Authority, or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time.

--- Page 104 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 104 - 
55-41027549 
 
Any purchase of the Subordinated Notes shall be subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the 
prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and save 
that any such purchase may only take place within 5 years after the Issue Date subject 
to, if and to the extent then required by the Competent Authority, CRD or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at the relevant time, (a) the Issuer having before or at the same time 
as such purchase, replaced the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal 
or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and 
the Competent Authority having permitted such purchase on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances or (b) the Subordinated Notes being purchased for market 
making purposes in accordance with CRD or the Applicable MREL Regulations and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase 
as may be required by the Competent Authority, CRD or the Applicable MREL Regulations 
at such time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (g) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Agent and cannot be re-issued or resold. 
(j) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to paragraph (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in paragraph (f)(ii) above as though the references therein to the 
date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
The date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(ii) 
Five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been 
received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders, 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
(k) 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may become subject to the 
determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following instructions from the 
Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Holder and/or 
Subordinated Holder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed and 
cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution 
Authority (such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the 
nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, 
must be converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments 
(such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework. Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes subject to 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced, redeemed 
and cancelled or converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the Senior Non-Preferred Holders or Subordinated 
Holders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or subject to 
conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation.

--- Page 105 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 105 - 
55-41027549 
 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Holder 
and/or Subordinated Holders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has occurred and of the amount adjusted downwards 
upon the occurrence of Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. Failure to provide 
such notice will not have any impact on the effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any 
such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation or give Senior Non-Preferred Holders 
or Subordinated Holders any rights as a result of such failure. 
Upon any write down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, any reference in these 
Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such write down 
or conversion.  
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the 
consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Holders and/or Subordinated Holders, the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subject to other resolution 
measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as 
replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, expropriation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated 
Holders, modification of the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, suspension of any payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer under or in 
connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (any such 
suspension, a "Moratorium") and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. Such determination, the implementation 
thereof and the rights of Senior Non-Preferred Holders and Subordinated Holders shall 
be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept 
that, upon such determination, no Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Holder 
shall be entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other 
consequences arising from any such event. 
The occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation, Moratorium and/or 
any other event as described in this Condition 7(j) shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
In these Conditions: 
"Applicable Resolution Framework" means any relevant laws and regulations 
applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are 
enacted within the context of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and 
Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 
2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, 
of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended), or any other resolution or 
recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 
2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
(as amended); and 
"Resolution Authority" means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central 
Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) (also referred to herein as the DNB) or such other 
regulatory authority or governmental body having the power to impose Statutory Loss 
Absorption on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes pursuant to the 
Applicable Resolution Framework. 
8. 
Taxation  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any

--- Page 106 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 106 - 
55-41027549 
 
authority of or in any Relevant Jurisdiction having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law at the initiative of the relevant tax authority of the Issuer. 
In such event, the Issuer will depending on which provision is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms either: 
(a) 
make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges for the account of the holders of the Notes or Coupons, as the case 
may be, and shall not pay any additional amounts to the holders of the Notes or Coupons; 
or 
(b) 
pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal 
the respective amounts of principal (in the case of Senior Notes only) and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case 
may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(i) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, in 
respect of payment of any amount of principal; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who is 
liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of that 
Noteholder or Couponholder having some connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or the receipt of principal or 
interest in respect thereof; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder or Couponholder who 
would not be liable or subject to the withholding or deduction by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant 
tax authority;  
(iv) 
under which any interest is subject to withholding or deduction pursuant to the 
application of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as 
amended, on payments due to a Noteholder or Couponholder affiliated to the 
Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as published in 
the Official Gazette (Staatsblad) Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 2019); or 
(v) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an 
additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6(c)). 
The Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions), pursuant to any inter-governmental agreement or implementing legislation 
adopted by another jurisdiction in connection with these provisions, or pursuant to any 
agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("FATCA withholding") as a result of 
a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being 
entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. Neither the Issuer, the Paying 
Agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any such FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, 
the paying agent or any other party. 
As used herein, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first 
becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly 
received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
As used herein, "Relevant Jurisdiction" in relation to the Issuer means The Netherlands. 
9. 
Prescription 
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and /or 
interest are made within a period of five years after the date on which such payment first 
became due.

--- Page 107 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 107 - 
55-41027549 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any 
Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 
or Condition 6(b) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6(b). 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
This Condition 10(a) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being 
Senior Notes. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have 
occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of interest or 7 days in the 
payment of principal in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes 
and such failure has continued for the period of 30 days next following the service 
on the Issuer (as the case may be) of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
or 
(iii) 
if 
(a) 
any other indebtedness for borrowed money of the Issuer, being 
indebtedness for borrowed money amounting in aggregate to at least EUR 
75,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, either: 
(i) 
shall become repayable prior to the due date for payment thereof 
by reason of default by the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
shall not be repaid at maturity as extended by any days of grace 
permitted by law, any provision of the relevant instrument or any 
agreement of the parties to such instrument; or 
(b) 
any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer, in respect of a sum 
amounting in aggregate to at least EUR 75,000,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency, in respect of indebtedness for borrowed money of any 
party shall not be honoured when due and called upon unless remedied 
by the Issuer within 15 business days of receipt of a written notice from a 
borrowing party substantiating a default under a borrowing agreement; or 
(iv) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding 
up or dissolution of the Issuer, otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction where either: 
(a) 
prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all of the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
if: 
(a) 
the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits 
inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due; or 
(b) 
the Issuer is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the 
purposes of any applicable law in its jurisdiction of incorporation or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(vi) 
if: 
(a) 
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws; 
or 
(b) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other 
receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar

--- Page 108 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 108 - 
55-41027549 
 
official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or, as the case may be, in 
relation to the whole or a material part of the undertaking or assets; or 
(c) 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer; or 
(d) 
a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or a material 
part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and in any such case (other 
than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 14 days; 
or 
(vii) 
if: 
(a) 
the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws; or 
(b) 
the Issuer makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters 
into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or 
any class of its creditors); or 
(c) 
any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with the creditors generally (or any class of the creditors) of 
the Issuer; 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by 
the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(f)) 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
This Condition 10(b) is applicable in relation to Notes specified in the Final Terms as being 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have 
occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up 
or dissolution of the Issuer, otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction where either: 
(a) 
prior consent thereto has been given by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
under which the continuing entity effectively assumes all of the rights and 
obligations of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt, 
then any Senior Non-Preferred Holder or Subordinated Holder may, subject to the Issuer 
obtaining prior written permission from the Competent Authority and/or the Resolution 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office 
of the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the 
Subordinated Note(s) or Senior Non-Preferred Note(s) held by such Noteholder to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable 
at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7(f)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 109 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 109 - 
55-41027549 
 
12. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified 
office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in 
continental Europe; and 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 6(b). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the 
case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more 
than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange 
for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. Each 
Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet 
matures. 
14. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notes in Global Form: so long as any Tranche of Notes is represented by a Global Note 
and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to Noteholders of 
that Tranche will, save where another means of effective communication has been 
specified herein or in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to the clearing system for communication by it to the 
accountholders in respect of the relevant Notes. If such delivery is not practicable, notices 
will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in the European Union (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times). Notices to Noteholders of any Tranche may, at the sole discretion of the 
Issuer and solely for informational purposes, also be published on the website of the 
Issuer and/or of any other entity specified in the applicable Final Terms for this purpose. 
(b) 
Notes admitted to Listing, Trading and/or Quotation: so long as any Tranche of Notes is 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange 
or quotation system, notices to Noteholders of that Tranche will, save where another 
means of effective communication has been specified herein or in the applicable Final 
Terms, be deemed to be validly given if: 
(i) 
in the case a Tranche of Notes admitted to listing and trading on Euronext 
Amsterdam (so long as such Notes are admitted to listing and trading on Euronext 
Amsterdam and any applicable laws, rules or regulations so require), published in 
such manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules and regulations from 
time to time; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Tranche of Notes admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, if

--- Page 110 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 110 - 
55-41027549 
 
published in such manner as may be required by applicable laws, rules and 
regulations from time to time; 
(c) 
In any other cases: where both Condition 14(a) and Condition 14(b) are inapplicable, 
notices will, save where another means of effective communication has been specified 
herein or in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be validly given if published in a 
leading daily newspaper having general circulation in the European Union (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times). 
(d) 
General 
For the avoidance of doubt, where both Condition 14(a) and Condition 14(b) apply, notices 
must be given in the manner specified in Condition 14(a) and in the manner specified in 
Condition 14(b) in order to be deemed to have been validly given. Any notice given in 
accordance with Condition 14(a) or Condition 14(b) above will be deemed to have been 
validly given on the date and time of first such notification (or, if required to be notified in 
more than one manner, on the first date on which notification shall have been made in all 
required manners). Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice validly given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 14 
(Notices). 
(e) 
Notices by Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of Notes in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be 
given by any holder of a Note to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening both physical and virtual 
meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the 
sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or 
certain provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. In nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes and 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment 
of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
Coupons), the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such 
meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall 
be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on 
all Couponholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders;  
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error 
or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is incorporated;

--- Page 111 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 111 - 
55-41027549 
 
(iii) 
in accordance with Condition 7(e), substitution of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or variation of the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in order to ensure that 
such substituted or varied Senior Non-Preferred Notes continue to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities under Applicable MREL Regulations; or  
(iv) 
in accordance with Condition 7(f), substitution of the Subordinated Notes or 
variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes in order to ensure that such 
substituted or varied Subordinated Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Notes under 
CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant 
time. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any amendment to Condition 7(k) or any other amendment which otherwise impacts the 
eligibility of:  
(i) 
the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as Tier 2 Notes; or  
(ii)  
any Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities,  
is subject to (i) the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the 
relevant Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such 
permission is required) and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the 
Competent Authority, Relevant Resolution Authority, CRD or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations (as applicable) at such time. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders to create and issue further Notes having terms and conditions the same 
as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection thereto, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands including the choice of court agreement as 
set out below. 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders to 
the jurisdiction of the courts of Amsterdam, The Netherlands, judging in first instance, and 
its appellate courts. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Issuer further irrevocably 
agrees that any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons may be brought in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction (including any proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection thereto).

--- Page 112 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 112 - 
55-41027549 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[Date] 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 724500C60L930FVHS484 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 15,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA which were relied on immediately before exit day to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in EU MiFID II; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (an "EU distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, an EU distributor subject to EU MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[To be included if any of the Managers are "UK MiFIR entities" and are "manufacturers" for the 
purposes of UK MiFIR:][UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs 
only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any

--- Page 113 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 113 - 
55-41027549 
 
negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") in the Base Prospectus dated 1 April 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus and any supplement 
thereto. The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available, free of charge, from the 
office in London of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch in its capacity as Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent and on the investors section of the Issuer's website https://www.leaseplan.com. 
Any 
information 
contained 
in 
or 
accessible 
through 
any 
website, 
including 
https://www.leaseplan.com, does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated in the Base Prospectus, in any 
supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in 
the Base Prospectus. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. The Conditions of the original issue 
being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms 
documenting the further issue to include information which is no longer permitted in final terms. 
Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need to include such information, it 
will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus (incorporating the original 
Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") in the Base Prospectus dated 
[original date] [as supplemented by a supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] and any supplement thereto in order 
to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from 
the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [as supplemented by a supplement dated [date]] and 
are attached hereto.] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectuses dated [original 
date] and [current date] and any supplement thereto. The Base Prospectus and any supplement 
thereto are available, free of charge, from the office in London of Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch in its capacity as Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and on the investors section of the 
Issuer's website https://www.leaseplan.com. Any information contained in or accessible through 
any website, including https://www.leaseplan.com, does not form part of the Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated in the Base 
Prospectus, in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.] [The Base Prospectus with the 'original date' 
must be approved by the competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation.]

--- Page 114 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 114 - 
55-41027549 
 
[Where interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost is derived 
from any Notes by any person who is not resident in Singapore and who carries on any operations 
in Singapore through a permanent establishment in Singapore, the tax exemption available for 
qualifying debt securities (subject to certain conditions) under the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 
of Singapore (the ''ITA''), shall not apply if such person acquires such Notes using the funds and 
profits of such person's operations through a permanent establishment in Singapore. Any person 
whose interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost derived 
from the Notes is not exempt from tax (including for the reasons described above) shall include 
such interest, discount income, prepayment fee, redemption premium or break cost in a return of 
income made under the ITA.]1 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether 
such final terms or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading 
purposes 
with 
the 
[insert 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[[insert 
date]/the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is 
expected to occur on or about [insert date]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
– 
Series: 
[•] 
– 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
[[EUR 100,000] and integral multiples of [EUR 
1,000] in excess thereof up to and including [EUR 
199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will be 
issued with a denomination above [EUR 
199,000].] 
(All Notes will have a minimum Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency)). 
 
1 
Include if the Notes are intended to qualify as "qualifying debt securities" ("QDS") for the 
purposes of the Income Tax Act, Chapter 134 of Singapore.''

--- Page 115 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 115 - 
55-41027549 
 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] (If only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified 
Denomination 
insert 
the 
largest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate – specify date/ Floating rate/CMS-
Linked rate – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[CMS-Linked Interest Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[In respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) [•], [[•] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate 
/[specify Reference Rate] +/– [•] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] and from (and including) [•] 
up to (but excluding) [•], [[•] per cent. per annum 
Fixed Rate /[specify Reference Rate] +/– [•] per 
cent. per annum Floating Rate] (see paragraphs 
14 and 15 for further details)/Not Applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call] 
[(See paragraph [17/18/19] below)] 
13. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes / Senior Non-Preferred Notes / 
Subordinated Notes] 
[(ii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 116 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 116 - 
55-41027549 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [from (and including) [•] 
up to (but excluding) [•]] [the aggregate of [•] per 
cent. and the Mid Swap Rate per annum] payable 
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
["Mid Swap Rate" means the [semi-] annual mid 
swap 
rate 
for 
[Euro][U.S. 
Dollar] 
swap 
transaction with a maturity of [•] years, expressed 
as a percentage, displayed on Bloomberg ICAE 
screen page [•] (or such other page as may 
replace that page on Bloomberg, or such other 
service 
as 
may 
be 
designated 
by 
the 
[Managers]/[Dealer] in consultation with the 
Issuer) at [•] [a.m./p.m.] ([•] time) on the [second] 
Business Day prior to [•].] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [up to and including the Maturity 
Date] [in each case subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [and [•] as Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"][, 
Unadjusted]] 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
(Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]/Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[[•] in each year/ Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Rate Determination: 
[Yes/No] 
 
– 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable in case of Fixed Rate Notes that 
are subject to a reset.) 
15. Floating Rate/CMS-Linked Interest 
Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified 
Period/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Payment 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/[•] in each year, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below/ not subject to 
any adjustment as the Business Day Convention 
set out in (iv) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•]

--- Page 117 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 117 - 
55-41027549 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Unadjusted: 
[No/Yes/Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in case a Business Day 
Convention applies. Insert "No" if the amount of 
interest payable in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period should also be adjusted in accordance 
with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
Insert "Yes" if the amount of interest should be 
calculated as if the relevant Interest Payment 
Date were not subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention.) 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[specify/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/CMS Rate] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Yes/No] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[for 
example, 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA, 
EURIBOR, Index Determination SOFR or 
Compounded Daily €STR] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period 
(if EURIBOR or Compounded Daily €STR) / as 
soon as possible after the date which is "p" 
London Business Days prior to the next Interest 
Payment Date and in any event no later than 
three London Business Days prior to the next 
Interest Payment date) (if Compounded Daily 
SONIA / U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day) 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate due to the fallback provisions in 
the Conditions) 
– 
(p): 
 
 
 
 
[[•] London Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. minimum of 5 London Business Days 
unless otherwise between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
(Insert only if Reference Rate is Compounded 
Daily SONIA) 
–          Relevant Decimal Place: [•] [5] [Not Applicable] (unless otherwise specified 
in the Final Terms, the fifth decimal place) (insert 
only in the case of Index Determination SOFR) 
–        Relevant Number: 
[•] [5] [Not Applicable] (unless otherwise specified 
in the Final Terms, the Relevant Number shall be 
5) (insert only in the case of Index Determination 
SOFR)

--- Page 118 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 118 - 
55-41027549 
 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. Brussels time (in case 
of EURIBOR)] [Note Applicable] 
– 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] [Not Applicable] [For example, London (in 
case Compounded Daily SONIA))/Euro-zone 
(where Euro-zone means the region comprised 
of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)(in case of EURIBOR)] 
– 
Reference 
Rate 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Yes/No] 
– 
ISDA Definitions 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
– 
Floating Rate Option: 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
– 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
– 
ISDA Definitions 
[•] 
(x) 
CMS-Linked 
Interest 
Notes 
– 
Reference Rate: 
 
– 
Period End Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
[CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS Steepener Rate] / 
[Leveraged CMS Reference Rate] / [CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] / [Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread] applies 
[•] in each year [as adjusted] in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention [unadjusted] 
– 
Designated Maturity: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Reference Currency: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
ISDAFIX[•][For [CMS Rate 1: ISDAFIX[•] and for 
CMS Rate 2 ISDAFIX[•]] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Specified Time: 
[•][For [CMS Rate 1: [•] and for CMS Rate 2 [•]] 
– 
Leverage 1: 
[•] 
– 
Leverage 2: 
[•] 
– 
Reference 
Currency 
Mid-market 
[•] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 119 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 119 - 
55-41027549 
 
16. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Amortisation / Accrual] Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
/Actual/365(Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
18. Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
19. Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption  
Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 120 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 120 - 
55-41027549 
 
 
(ii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] days 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent) 
 
(iii) 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion]2 
20. Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
21. Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[•] 
22. Variation or Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]3 
 
 
GENERAL 
PROVISIONS 
APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
23. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event [, and in respect of global Notes deposited 
with Euroclear Netherlands only in the limited 
circumstances as described in the Securities 
Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer) and in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of 
Euroclear Netherlands].] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date, 
which only applies to Temporary Global Notes 
which have a denomination which does not 
consist of a Specified Denomination with integral 
multiples thereof.] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event[, 
and in respect of global Notes deposited with 
Euroclear Netherlands only in the limited 
circumstances as described in the Securities 
Giro Act (Wet giraal effectenverkeer)].] 
24. New Global Note Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
25. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ give details] (Note that this item 
relates to the place of payment and not interest 
periods for the purpose of calculating the amount 
of interest to which item 15(vi) relates) 
 
2 Use only for Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes intended as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. 
3 Only applicable in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 121 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 121 - 
55-41027549 
 
26. Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made.] 
27. Redenomination: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 4 
apply] 
28. Whether Condition 8 (a) of the Notes 
applies (in which case Condition 7(b)]of 
the Notes will not apply) or whether 
Condition 8(b) and Condition 7(b) of the 
Notes apply: 
[Condition 8(a) applies and Condition 7(b) does 
not apply/Condition 8(b) and Condition 7(b) 
apply] 
29. Calculation Agent: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator legal name]][repeat as necessary]. 
As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, 
such that [name of administrator] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able 
to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 122 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 122 - 
55-41027549 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Amsterdam / official list of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/ 
other 
(specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [•] with effect from [•].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have [not] been / are 
expected to be] rated: 
[S & P: [•]] 
[Moody's: [•]] 
[Fitch: [•]] 
[[Other]: [•]] 
[Not Applicable.] 
[and endorsed by [insert details including full legal 
name of credit rating agency/ies]] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date 
of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not

--- Page 123 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 123 - 
55-41027549 
 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement:) 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND] 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT 
OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
 
[Reasons for the offer: 
[•] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base 
Prospectus – if the reasons for the offer are 
different from general corporate purposes 
(including making profit and/or hedging 
certain risks) include those reasons here. In 
case Green Bonds are issued, the category 
and prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible 
Vehicles must be specified.)] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
[CFI: 
[See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
 
[FISN: 
[See the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
 
Other relevant code: 
[•] 
 
Debt Issuance Programme Number: 
004439

--- Page 124 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 124 - 
55-41027549 
 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) 
and number(s)] 
[If Euroclear Netherlands is selected, and in 
item 23 Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date is selected, further legal advice is 
required.] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
[•] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. 
Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
[No. 
Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. 
Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [•] [Complete]; 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 125 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 125 - 
55-41027549 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of 
Notes described herein will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes (which 
include making a profit and/or hedging certain risks). If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, 
there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms if 
so required pursuant to applicable law. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will apply an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes in accordance with the Issuer's green finance 
framework as amended from time to time (the "LeasePlan Green Finance Framework"). Such 
Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds". If such Green Bonds will be issued, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the category and prescribed eligibility criteria of Eligible 
Vehicles (as defined below) that will be used for the proceeds of the Green Bonds. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the LeasePlan Green Finance 
Framework provides that the Issuer intends to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from 
the issuance of Green Bonds, to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, electric vehicles 
that contribute to the development of clean transportation and the transition to a low carbon future 
and that meet the criteria of "Green" under the Climate Bonds Standard and Certification (traffic 
light) scheme (the "Eligible Vehicles"). Eligible Vehicles aim to contribute to one or more of the 
following environmental objectives: 
1. 
low-emission mobility; 
2. 
reduce environmental impact; and 
3. 
societal wellbeing; 
The applicable Final Terms will specify for which Eligible Vehicles the proceeds of the Green 
Bonds will be used. 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
The Issuer's 'LeasePlan Corporate Social Responsibility Committee' ("CSR Committee") will be 
responsible for monitoring to ensure that allocations are made solely for the purposes of acquiring 
Eligible Vehicles. The mandate of the CSR Committee is to oversee Corporate Social 
Responsibility ("CSR") implementation and to provide strategic guidance. Vehicles which do not 
meet the definition of Eligible Vehicles will automatically be excluded from the portfolio of assets 
available to allocate against the net proceeds. 
Management of proceeds 
The net proceeds of a Green Bond will be managed on a portfolio basis at the level of LeasePlan 
Treasury, the centralised funding centre of the Issuer. The purchase of Eligible Vehicles by the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries will be recorded and tracked centrally via internal reporting 
systems, in line with the Issuer's periodic (monthly) reporting requirements. Oversight of the 
management of proceeds will be provided by the CSR Committee. 
Reporting 
In accordance with the Green Bond Principles, the Issuer intends to provide an annual update 
throughout the life of the Green Bonds. It is expected that information on the allocation of 
proceeds and impact reporting will be made available in such annual update. These annual 
updates 
are 
intended 
to 
become 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/results-reports-and-funding-documents#green-
bond). 
External review 
A second party opinion on the LeasePlan Green Finance Framework (a "Second Party Opinion") 
has been provided by Sustainalytics and is available on the following website: 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/~/media/Files/L/Leaseplan/documents/green-finance-
second-party-opinion-2020.pdf.

--- Page 126 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 126 - 
55-41027549 
 
An external reviewer is expected to perform a compliance review on an annual basis to ensure 
the net proceeds of the Green Bonds are being used as outlined in the LeasePlan Green Finance 
Framework.

--- Page 127 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 127 - 
55-41027549 
 
DESCRIPTION OF LEASEPLAN CORPORATION N.V. ("LPCORP")  
INTRODUCTION 
LPCorp was incorporated by notarial deed of 27 February 1963 as a public limited liability 
company (naamloze vennootschap) under the laws of The Netherlands, for an indefinite period. 
LPCorp is registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 
39037076. LPCorp has its statutory seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its registered office 
at Gustav Mahlerlaan 360, 1082 ME Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The general telephone 
number of LPCorp is: +31 20 709 3000. 
LPCorp is a bank and is authorised by the ECB to pursue the business of a bank in The 
Netherlands in accordance with Article 2:11 of the FMSA. LPCorp (in)directly holds shares in the 
respective legal entities that have been established in the various countries where LeasePlan is 
active. LPCorp is actively managing this international network of operating entities. In the areas 
of (among other things) procurement, IT development, marketing & product development, human 
resources, operations, car remarketing and risk management an internationally harmonised and 
coordinated strategy is pursued. As LPCorp is operating in many countries, its contractual 
obligations are subject to the laws of differing jurisdictions. Throughout this section LeasePlan is 
used as reference to the group of companies which is headed by LPCorp as common 
shareholder, and which has common business characteristics. 
On 21 March 2016, the Issuer announced the completion of the acquisition of all of its shares by 
LP Group B.V. as acquiror from Global Mobility Holding B.V. as a seller. Following the acquisition, 
TDR Capital (United Kingdom), sovereign wealth funds ADIA (United Arab Emirates) and GIC 
(Singapore), pension funds PGGM (The Netherlands) and ATP (Denmark) and Broad Street 
Investments indirectly own 100 per cent. of the Issuer's issued and outstanding share capital. The 
total value of the transaction amounted to approximately € 3.7 billion. The acquisition was 
financed with an equity investment of approximately half of the total purchase price, a mandatory 
convertible note of €480 million (which convertible note was refinanced in March 2019 with 
subordinated hybrid notes) and an offer of notes comprising of euro-denominated senior secured 
notes due 2021 and U.S. dollar-denominated senior secured notes due 2021 in total amounting 
to approximately € 1.6 billion. In April 2019 Lincoln Financing S.à r.l., a sister company of the 
Issuer, issued €1,350 million senior secured notes due 2024, comprising €750 million 3.625 per 
cent. senior secured fixed rate notes due 2024 and €600 million senior secured floating rate notes 
due 2024. In January 2020 another €500 million of additional senior secured fixed rate notes due 
2024 were issued under the same indenture. An amount of €400 million (of the €500 million) has 
been used for the repurchase of the subordinated hybrid notes (as referred to above). None of 
the debt raised to finance the acquisition has been borrowed by the Issuer and the Issuer is not 
responsible for the repayment of such debt. LP Group B.V. plans to maintain the Issuer's 
diversified funding strategy going forward, supported by its investment grade rating.  
On 6 January 2022 ALD announced the signing of a memorandum of understanding to acquire 
100% of LP Group B.V., the sole shareholder of the Issuer, from a consortium of shareholders of 
LP Group B.V., led by TDR Capital. The proposed acquisition of the Issuer for an approximate 
total consideration of euro 4.9 billion4 would be made through a combination of cash and shares. 
Closing is expected by end 2022. Société Générale would hold approximately 53% and the 
shareholders of the Issuer would hold approximately 30.75%5 of the combined entity. Société 
Générale would commit to remain the long-term majority shareholder of the combined entity.  
The Supervisory Board consists of six members, five of which are independent. One member of 
the Supervisory Board, Mr E.J.B. Vink, is associated with the consortium of shareholders as he 
has been appointed as Supervisory Board member while continuing to hold a position within 
PGGM, which is a beneficial (indirect) shareholder of the Issuer. 
 
4 Based on EUR 12.12 per share for ALD (VWAP on Euronext between 28 Sept 21 and 27 Oct 21, date of publication of 
press release after market close confirming discussions concerning a potential combination) and excluding warrants 
5 With 12-month lock-up. Potentially to increase by a further c.2% following the exercise of warrants, on a fully diluted 
basis.

--- Page 128 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 128 - 
55-41027549 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's group employed 8,416 total average FTE's and its serviced 
fleet comprised 1.805 million vehicles of various brands worldwide. As at 31 December 2021, the 
total carrying value of leases and lease receivables was €22.5 billion6. 
PROFILE 
LeasePlan is a global fleet management and driver mobility provider. LeasePlan operates in 29 
countries across Europe and North and South America and holds a leading market position based 
on total fleet size in the majority of LeasePlan's markets7. LeasePlan offers a comprehensive 
portfolio of fleet management solutions covering vehicle acquisition, leasing, insurance, full-
service fleet management, strategic fleet selection and management advice, fleet funding, 
ancillary fleet and driver services and car remarketing. It capitalises on its status as a bank by 
centrally supporting the group's financing activities. Euro Insurances, LeasePlan's own insurance 
subsidiary, supports the insurance solutions offered by the group companies as part of their 
integrated service offer. The group companies rank among the major players8 in their respective 
local markets, and many are market leader in terms of fleet size9. 
The Group operates a Car-as-a-Service (CaaS) business, which purchases, funds and manages 
new vehicles for its customers, providing a complete end-to-end service for a typical contract 
duration of three to four years.  
LeasePlan launched LeasePlan Bank in 2010, an online savings bank in The Netherlands and as 
at September 2015, Germany aimed at retail clients. LeasePlan Bank attracted savings deposits 
of EUR 10.24 billion by the end of 2021 and around 211,000 retail accounts. 
LeasePlan is one of the few organisations with the broad geographical presence necessary to 
offer a global service in vehicle leasing and fleet and vehicle management to large multinational 
companies. 
LPCorp's long term credit ratings are: 'BBB-' (Watch Positive) from S&P, 'Baa1' (positive outlook) 
from Moody's and 'BBB+' (stable outlook) from Fitch.  
SHAREHOLDERS 
LP Group B.V. is the sole shareholder of LeasePlan Corporation N.V. LP Group B.V. is indirectly 
held by, among others, TDR Capital, sovereign wealth funds: ADIA and GIC and pension funds: 
PGGM and ATP. Under Dutch law, none of the shareholders of LP Group B.V. alone has a(n 
indirect) controlling interest in LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
CREDIT INSTITUTION AND RISK WEIGHTING 
LPCorp is a licensed bank (under Article 2:11 of the FMSA) in The Netherlands. This license was 
granted by the DNB in September 1993. As from the first of January 2021, the Issuer is supervised 
by the ECB. 
As from 1 January 2014, LPCorp is subject to prudential requirements as defined in the CRR, 
CRD IV and in related European and Dutch legislation.  
The TREA increased from €19.7 billion as per 31 December 2020 to €22.5 billion at the end of 
2021 under the advanced and standardised approaches that LPCorp uses for its Pillar 1 capital 
requirements calculations. The TREA is mainly increased due to application of the new Definition 
of Default as per 1 January 2021, growth in the overall business and ageing of the current leases 
due to limited supply of new vehicles which also impact the level of TREA for new orders placed. 
 
6  
Includes amounts receivable under finance lease contracts including impairment of €2.8 
billion and property and equipment under operating lease, rental fleet and and vehicles 
available for lease €19.7 billion. 
7 
Sources: LeasePlan country data and analysis; data from local leasing and/or rental 
associations and external research agencies. 
8 
Sources: LeasePlan country data and analysis; data from local leasing and/or rental 
associations and external research agencies. 
9 
Sources: LeasePlan country data and analysis; data from local leasing and/or rental 
associations and external research agencies.

--- Page 129 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 129 - 
55-41027549 
 
The total capital ratio decreased from 19.2 per cent. as per 31 December 2020 to 16.8 per cent 
as per 31 December 2021. This is mainly due to the growth of TREA as explained in the previous 
paragraph as the capital levels remained stable compared to prior year due to limited changes in 
FX and DTA positions and limited 2021 interim profits of added to CET1 capital. 
The CET1 ratio decreased from 16.7 per cent. as per 31 December 2020 to 14.6 per cent. as per 
31 December 2021. The available capital remains in excess of both the internal targets and 
minimum requirements. The capital ratios are calculated at the regulatory sub-consolidated level 
(LeasePlan Corporation N.V. consolidated).  
Following the 2021 SREP by the ECB, the Issuer's minimum capital requirements as of 1 January 
2022 were set at 11.9 per cent. for the total SREP capital requirement ratio. These requirements 
include the Issuer's Pillar 2 requirements (which are binding and breach of which can have direct 
legal consequences for banks) ("P2R") which is set at 3.9 per cent. P2R may comprise of 75 per 
cent. Tier 1 capital instruments (56.25 per cent. CET1 capital and 18.75 per cent. Additional Tier 
1 capital) and 25 per cent Tier 2 capital. The CET1 and total SREP capital requirements exclude 
the combined buffer requirement (i.e. capital conservation buffer of 2.5% and counter cyclical 
buffer of 0.05% as at 31 December 2021). These minimum capital requirements apply to both the 
regulatory sub-consolidated (LeasePlan Corporation N.V. consolidated) and consolidated level 
(LP Group B.V. consolidated). 
MANAGING BOARD 
The Managing Board of LPCorp currently consists of the following members: 
Name 
Born 
Title 
Member of Managing 
Board since 
Tex Gunning 
1950 
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer 
2016 
Jochen Sutor 
1973 
Chief Risk Officer 
2019 
Toine van Doremalen 
1973 
Chief Financial Officer 
2021 
 
Outside their function in LPCorp, the Managing Board members' principal activities consist of 
holding several executive and non-executive board memberships. 
The Issuer is aware of the fact that each Managing Board member indirectly holds shares through 
Stichting Administratiekantoor Gewone Aandelen Lincoln Participation Manco, which is a 
beneficial (indirect) shareholder of the Issuer. As a consequence, there is a potential conflict of 
interest as the Managing Board members have an interest in the Issuer through the Stichting 
Administratiekantoor Gewone Aandelen Lincoln Participation Manco. Other than these 
circumstances, there are no other potential conflicts of interest between any duties to be 
performed in favour of the Issuer and the private interests and/or other duties of the Managing 
Board members of LPCorp. The Managing Board members avoid any form of conflicting interest 
in the performance of their duties. The Issuer's Articles of Association provide that where a 
Managing Board member has a direct or indirect personal conflict of interests with LPCorp or the 
enterprise connected with it, he/she shall not participate in deliberations and the decision making 
process with respect to such matter. If as a result thereof the Managing Board is incapable of 
adopting a resolution the decision shall be referred to and adopted by the Supervisory Board. 
Further rules with respect to conflicts of interests have been adopted separately in the Managing 
Board regulations. 
Pursuant to the Dutch Corporate Governance Decree of 20 March 2009 implementing further 
accounting standards for annual reports ("Besluit Corporate Governance") and based on the 
listing of LPCorp debt securities issued on regulated markets in the EU, LPCorp is subject to the 
lighter regime under the Corporate Governance Decree, pursuant to which the Corporate 
Governance Statement in the annual report (directly or incorporated by reference) must contain 
information on the main features of LPCorp's internal control and risk management system in 
relation to the financial reporting process of LPCorp and its group companies. In addition thereto, 
the Corporate Governance Statement also requires information be contained about LPCorp's 
diversity policy with respect to the composition of its Managing Board and its Supervisory Board. 
LPCorp is obliged to specify the objectives of the policy, how the policy has been carried out and

--- Page 130 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 130 - 
55-41027549 
 
the results thereof in the last financial year. In the event LPCorp has not implemented a diversity 
policy, it has to disclose the reasons why not in the statement. The Corporate Governance Report 
in the 2021 annual report contains information on the main features of the internal control and risk 
management system in relation to the financial reporting process of the company and their group 
companies and information on its diversity policy with respect to the composition of its Managing 
Board and its Supervisory Board. 
SUPERVISORY BOARD 
A. van Hövell-Patrizi 
CRO and member of the management board of Aegon N.V. 
S. van Schilfgaarde 
CEO and member of the management board of Royal FloraHolland. 
H. von Stiegel 
Executive Chairperson of Ariya Capital Group Ltd., Chairperson of Women Corporate Directors 
Kenya, member of the board of the London Metal Exchange and Britam Asset Managers (K) 
Limited. 
J.B.M. Streppel, Chairman 
Member of the board of the Amsterdam Center for Corporate Finance, member of the board of 
the Gieskes-Strijbis foundation, chairman of Stichting Continuïteit Signify and a member of the 
advisory board of Van Lanschot Kempen N.V. and member of the Board of the Stichting 
Preferente Aandelen ASML. 
E.J.B. Vink 
Head of Private Equity at PGGM. 
P. Scholten 
CEO of Buckaroo B.V. 
Mr E.J.B. Vink has been appointed as Supervisory Board member while continuing to hold a 
position within PGGM, which is a beneficial (indirect) shareholder of the Issuer. Other than these 
circumstances, the Supervisory Board members avoid any form of conflicting interest in the 
performance of their duties. The Issuer's Articles of Association provide that where a Supervisory 
Board member has a direct or indirect personal conflict of interests with the Issuer or the 
enterprise connected with it, he/she will not participate in the deliberations and the decision-
making process with respect to such matter. The other Supervisory Board members will deliberate 
and take the decision. If the Supervisory Board is incapable of adopting a resolution the decision 
shall be referred to and adopted by the Issuer's general meeting, except however that if the 
quorum referred to under Article 20 paragraph 2 (ii) of the Articles of Association of the Issuer 
cannot be reached, all Supervisory Board members may resolve by unanimous vote that the 
Supervisory Board comprising of only the members who are not conflicted shall remain capable 
of adopting the resolution by absolute majority without a quorum being required. Further rules 
with respect to conflict of interests have been adopted separately in the Supervisory Board 
Regulations. 
The chosen address of the members of the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board is the 
registered office of LPCorp. 
CAPITALISATION 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of LPCorp at the dates specified below (before profit 
appropriation).  
 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
millions of euros 
 
 
 
Capital and reserves* 
3,264.5 
3,427.6 
Net result 
1,017.4 
252.8 
Equity of owners of the parent 
4,282.0 
3,680.3 
AT1 capital securities 
 
*Capital and reserves is the Equity of owners of the parent, excluding the Net result. 
497.9 
497.9

--- Page 131 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 131 - 
55-41027549 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Any material press release, or any summary thereof, issued by LPCorp can be obtained at the 
registered office of LPCorp at Gustav Mahlerlaan 360, 1082 ME Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
and from the website of LPCorp at http://www.leaseplan.com. Information on the above 
mentioned website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the AFM and may not be relied upon in connection with any decision to invest in the 
Notes. 
Set forth below are principal recent developments in the business of LPCorp: 
• 
Acquisition: On 6 January 2022 ALD announced the signing of a memorandum of 
understanding to acquire 100% of LP Group B.V., the sole shareholder of the Issuer, from 
a consortium of shareholders of LP Group B.V., led by TDR Capital. The proposed 
acquisition of LeasePlan for an approximate total consideration of euro 4.9 billion10 would 
be made through a combination of cash and shares. Closing is expected by end 2022. 
Société Générale would hold approximately 53% and the shareholders of LeasePlan 
would hold approximately 30.75% 11 of the combined entity. Société Générale would 
commit to remain the long-term majority shareholder of the combined entity. 
• 
CarNext.com: Per 1 July 2021, CarNext has been carved out from LeasePlan into a fully 
independent business owned by a consortium of investors including TDR Capital, ADIA 
(a wholly owned subsidiary of Abu Dhabi Investment Authority), GIC, PGGM, ATP and 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management and raised EUR 400 million to supercharge the next 
phase of its growth. LeasePlan has carved out CarNext operations in 7 of its core 
European markets (representing approximately 70% of CarNext’s 2020 full year 
revenues). The 15 other European markets will continue to make use of CarNext’s B2B 
and B2C infrastructure through a service agreement. CarNext and LeasePlan have also 
agreed an exclusive Long-Term-Service-Agreement (LTSA), guaranteeing CarNext a 
supply of high quality used cars annually to sell through its B2C and B2B marketplaces 
across Europe. LeasePlan retains control of all key risk mitigants in its business model, 
including residual value setting, contract extensions and end of contract fees. LeasePlan 
retains a minority stake in CarNext. 
• 
Regulatory Capital: LeasePlan is continuously monitoring and reviewing its regulatory 
capital position under the applicable regulatory framework in light of its strategic objectives. 
Options LeasePlan is actively evaluating include the issuance of hybrid capital (for 
example additional tier 1 and/or tier 2 instruments) by LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
• 
Impact of the coronavirus (or Covid-19): In LeasePlan’s core leasing business, in April 
and May 2020, the disruption to the OEM supply chain led to a postponement in new 
vehicle procurement, slowing down serviced fleet growth and reducing rebates & bonuses 
on new vehicle purchases. From June, we saw a recovery in new vehicle deliveries as 
dealers and factories opened-up. The recovery continued into Q4, despite a second wave 
of national lock-downs, with a rebound in order activations and a service fleet growth. By 
year end, most customers were on track with their adjusted payment schedule with only 
6% considered in default by the end of Q4. In Europe’s used-car markets in 2020, the 
pandemic caused high levels of disruption from March to May, as many markets were 
effectively shut and others experienced abruptly reduced levels of demand and 
dislocations to used-car prices. From June, the used-car market recovered faster than 
expected to pre-COVID levels as B2B and B2C business activities resumed. In November 
and December, a second wave of country lockdowns resulted in temporary CarNext.com 
store closures causing lower business activity, however used-car pricing remained stable. 
During the first quarter of 2021, despite the continuation of the new wave of national 
lockdowns, LeasePlan delivered solid results, due to the plan put in place earlier manage 
the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the business. This was supported by a positive used-
car market and lower than expected customer defaults due to high quality customer base. 
 
10 Based on EUR 12.12 per share for ALD (VWAP on Euronext between 28 Sept 21 and 27 Oct 21, date of publication of 
press release after market close confirming discussions concerning a potential combination) and excluding warrants 
11 With 12-month lock-up. Potentially to increase by a further c.2% following the exercise of warrants, on a fully diluted 
basis.

--- Page 132 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 132 - 
55-41027549 
 
Serviced fleet was up 0.2% to 1.9 million vehicles combined with a strong orderbook. 
However we did see fleet growth being impacted by OEM supply chain disruptions mainly 
coming from the global shortage of computer chips caused by COVID-19. The new wave 
of COVID-19 lockdowns also resulted in lower CarNext B2B and B2C sales, due to 
temporary store closures across core markets, but this was partially offset by a growth in 
online used-car sales. In addition, the used-car market showed beneficial pricing at this 
time. During the second quarter of 2021, LeasePlan’s core leasing business experienced 
business activity back to pre-COVID levels, due mainly to the plan put in place earlier to 
manage the impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the business as well as re-opening of the 
markets. LeasePlan delivered solid results supported by a positive used-car market and 
lower than expected customer defaults due to LeasePlan’s high quality customer base. 
The serviced fleet was up 1.6% to 1.9 million vehicles combined with a record high 
orderbook, although the activation of the orderbook (resulting in fleet growth) was 
impacted by OEM supply chain disruptions mainly coming from the global shortage of 
semi-conductor chips, which was initially caused by COVID-19. Nevertheless, the global 
shortage of semi-conductor chips also had had a positive impact, in particular on the used-
car market. Customers were waiting longer for their new vehicles, which resulted in 
continued strong used-car pricing.  B2B and B2C sales in CarNext.com picked up again 
in Q2 2021 due to re-opening of the CarNext stores.  During the third quarter of 2021, 
LeasePlan continued to experience growth, mainly resulting from the re-opening of the 
markets following vaccination programs. In 2021 LeasePlan achieved record high 
quarterly net results which were supported by a positive used-car market and lower than 
expected customer defaults due to its high quality customer base. Even so, the growth of 
the order book (resulting in fleet growth) continued to be impacted by OEM supply chain 
disruptions mainly coming from the global shortage of semiconductor chips initially caused 
by COVID-19. However, this continued to result in strong used-car pricing.  
• 
Russia/Ukraine Conflict: Given the continuing war in Ukraine, LeasePlan has taken the 
decision to wind down its operations in Russia for the time being, and is committed to 
taking care of its colleagues and customers in the region throughout this process. 
Currently it is too early to identify any impact on the business of LeasePlan. At the end of 
2021 LeasePlan’s exposure amounts to EUR 46 million (equity and loans). Based on the 
actual FX rate as of 23 March 2022, this is close to EUR 35 million. From day one of the 
crisis, LeasePlan has been active in providing humanitarian assistance to those impacted 
and displaced by the war, including our colleagues and business partners in the region. 
This included launching a global campaign to raise funds for the Red Cross, as well as 
supporting dedicated teams of LeasePlanners who have gone to the Ukrainian border to 
deliver aid and provide refugees with transport to safe zones within the EU. 
• 
Dividends: LeasePlan followed the ECB’s recommendations (in July 2021) on dividend 
distribution to exercise prudence and refrain from making any dividend distribution before 
30 September 2021. On that basis no dividend was paid out during 2021. In December 
2021, an (interim) dividend was declared equal to the net results for Q4 2020 and H1 
2021. This dividend, in the amount of EUR 372.4 million, was paid in January 2022 by 
LPCorp to its shareholder LP Group B.V. Furthermore, EUR 35.0 million of the 2021 net 
result has been added to the CET1 capital per 31 December 2021 to further strengthen 
the management buffer. The Managing Board proposed to the general meeting of 
shareholders to declare a final dividend of the remainder of the 2021 net result, amounting 
to EUR 608.9 million. 
• 
Enhancement of internal control framework: Following an onsite assessment of the 
maturity level of LeasePlan's internal governance and risk management organisation, 
LeasePlan has started to further enhance its internal control framework and renewal of 
underlying systems to support the control framework to match LeasePlan's size and 
complexity.  
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF LEASEPLAN CORPORATION N.V. 
The consolidated financial statements of LPCorp for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
2021 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards, as 
adopted by the EU, and with Dutch law.

--- Page 133 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 133 - 
55-41027549 
 
TAXATION  
I 
TAXATION IN THE NETHERLANDS 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in 
force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the 
interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The 
following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of a Note, Coupon 
or Talon and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. For the purpose of this summary the 
term "Note" includes any Coupon or Talon. 
For the purpose of this introduction paragraph and the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital 
Gains" below, it is assumed that a holder of a Note, being an individual or a non-resident entity, 
neither has nor will have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or – in the case of such 
holder being an entity – a deemed substantial interest, in the Issuer and that no connected person 
(verbonden persoon) to the holder has nor will have a substantial interest in the Issuer. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) such individual, 
either alone or together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to 
have or (b) certain relatives of such individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have 
or are deemed to have (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights 
over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of 
such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or 
(ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that 
relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such 
company.  
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if such entity 
directly or indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights 
over, shares representing 5 per cent. or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of 
such company or the issued and outstanding capital of any class of shares of such company, or 
(ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that 
relate to 5 per cent. or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds of such 
company. Generally, an entity has a deemed substantial interest in a company if such entity has 
disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial interest on a non-
recognition basis. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term “entity” 
means a corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch tax 
purposes. 
Where this summary refers to "The Netherlands" or "Dutch", it refers only to the European part of 
the Kingdom of The Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of a Note, an individual holding a Note or an entity holding 
a Note, such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an 
economic interest in such Note or otherwise being regarded as owning a Note for Dutch tax 
purposes. It is noted that for purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets 
legally owned by a third party such as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as 
assets owned by the (deemed) settler, grantor or similar originator or the beneficiaries in 
proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax consequences of their 
acquiring, holding and disposing of a Note, Coupon or Talon. 
1. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by the Issuer under the Notes can be made without 
withholding or deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed 
by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, provided 
that the Notes have a maturity that does not exceed 50 years and save that Dutch withholding 
tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of 
the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in

--- Page 134 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 134 - 
55-41027549 
 
the annually updated Dutch Regulation on low taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for 
tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor 
belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which 
the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of 
the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient 
of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower tier) 
entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere 
(also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a 
participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the 
reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or 
more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to him directly, all within the meaning 
of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
1. 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding a Note which is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
corporate tax purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate 
tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up 
to 25.8 per cent. in 2022). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding a Note who is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
income tax purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital 
gain derived from a Note at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.50 per cent. in 2022) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives 
profits (other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar 
resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, 
active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, such individual will generally be subject to Dutch income tax 
on the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from a 
Note. For 2022, the deemed return ranges from 1.82 per cent. to 5.53 per cent. of the value of 
the individual's net assets as at the beginning of the relevant fiscal year (including the Note). The 
applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields. Subject to 
application of certain allowances, the deemed return will be taxed at the prevailing statutory rate 
(31 per cent. in 2022). Based on a decision of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 24 
December 2021 (ECLI:NL:HR:2021:1963), the current system of taxation based on a deemed 
return may under specific circumstances contravene with Section 1 of the First Protocol to the 
European Convention on Human Rights in combination with Section 14 of the European 
Convention on Human Rights. At the date of this Base Prospectus, no legislative changes have 
been proposed, however, the Dutch State Secretary for Tax Affairs and Tax Administration has 
announced that the system of taxation based on a deemed return will be amended. 
Non-residents 
A holder of a Note which is not and is not deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the 
relevant tax purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived 
from a Note unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either 
effectively managed in The Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment 
(vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in The 
Netherlands and the holder derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the 
holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from 
miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The

--- Page 135 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 135 - 
55-41027549 
 
Netherlands as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), 
including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management 
(normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
2. 
Gift or Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way 
of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of a Note is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the purpose of 
the relevant provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, 
at the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions. 
3. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of a Note in respect of payments in 
consideration for the issue or acquisition of a Note, payments of principal or interest under a Note 
or payments in consideration for a disposal of a Note. 
4. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty, or any other similar tax or duty payable in The 
Netherlands by a holder of a Note in respect of or in connection with the execution, delivery and/or 
enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of The 
Netherlands) of a Note or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under a Note. 
5. 
Residence 
A holder of a Note will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in The Netherlands for Dutch 
tax purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to 
Dutch taxation, by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of a Note or the execution, 
performance, delivery and/or enforcement of a Note. 
II 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations 
relating to the Notes. It specifically contains information on taxes on the income from the Notes 
withheld at source and provides an indication as to whether the Issuer assumes responsibility for 
the withholding of taxes at the source. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the Notes, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere. It is included herein 
solely for preliminary information purposes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to 
be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' 
tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the 
tax laws of Luxembourg. This information is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this 
Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. The 
information contained within this section is limited to withholding taxation issues, and prospective 
investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but not limited 
to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
A holder of the Notes may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by 
reason only of the holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Notes. 
All payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) and principal by the Issuer in the 
context of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes, which are not profit 
sharing, can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance with the applicable Luxembourg

--- Page 136 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 136 - 
55-41027549 
 
law, subject however to the application as regards Luxembourg resident individuals of the 
Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the "Law") which provides for a 20 per cent. 
withholding tax on savings income (i.e. with certain exemptions, savings income within the 
meaning of the Law) paid by a paying agent within the meaning of the Law established in 
Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual Luxembourg resident for tax purposes 
who is the beneficial owner of such payment. When the paying agent is established in 
Luxembourg, the responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg 
paying agent. 
In addition, pursuant to the Law, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners 
of savings income paid or ascribed by paying agents located in a Member State of the European 
Union other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the EEA can opt to self declare and pay a 20 
per cent. tax on these savings income. In this case, the responsibility for the declaration and 
payment of the tax is assumed by the individual resident beneficial owner of the interest or similar 
income. 
The 20 per cent. withholding tax as described above or the 20 per cent. tax are final when 
Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private 
wealth. 
III 
The Proposed financial transactions tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
Proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate and on 16 March 2016 it completed 
the formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The 
issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution and at least one party is established 
in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" 
in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting 
with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument 
which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member 
States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementation. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 137 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 137 - 
55-41027549 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 1 April 2022 (such 
agreement, as further amended, restated and/or supplemented, the "Programme Agreement"), 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the 
Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer 
has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe 
for Notes under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain 
circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under 
any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant Notes. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer or 
any affiliate of that Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be 
deemed to be made by that Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Issuer (as defined in this Base 
Prospectus) in such jurisdiction. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by United States tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has severally represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to severally represent and agree that, except as permitted by the 
Programme Agreement, and as described below, it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any 
Series (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that neither it, its 
affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) nor any person acting on its or their behalf 
has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Notes and it and 
they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, any 
offer or sale of Notes of such Tranche within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
relevant Dealer represents, undertakes and agrees that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the "D Rules"), (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period 
it will not offer or sell, any Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) it has not delivered and it will not deliver 
within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period;

--- Page 138 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 138 - 
55-41027549 
 
(b) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period it will have, in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling 
Bearer Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, 
it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of United States Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section 
including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from it for the purpose of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, it repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in clauses (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's 
behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer, the 
representations, undertakings and agreements contained in clauses (a), (b) and (c); and 
(e) 
each Dealer agrees that it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of United 
States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance 
with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) that purchases any Bearer 
Notes from it pursuant to a written contract with such Dealer, for the benefit of the Issuer 
and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such distributor's agreement 
to comply with, the provisions of clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) as if such distributor were 
a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
relevant Dealer represents, undertakes and agrees that: 
(a) 
it understands that under United States Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or any successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (the "C Rules"), Bearer Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United 
States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance; 
(b) 
it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, 
any Bearer Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the 
original issuance of the Bearer Notes; and 
(c) 
in connection with the original issuance of the Bearer Notes it has not communicated, and 
will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such 
prospective purchaser or such Dealer is within the United States or its possessions and 
will not otherwise involve the United States office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of 
the Bearer Notes. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations 
thereunder, including the C Rules. 
Each relevant Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to agree that it will offer, sell and deliver Notes only in compliance with any applicable 
additional selling restrictions.

--- Page 139 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 139 - 
55-41027549 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the "IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; 
and: 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in 
connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of 
the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan

--- Page 140 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 140 - 
55-41027549 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation 
or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) 
in definitive form may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into 
The Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam 
N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake Spaarbewijzen) of 21 
May 1985 (as amended). No such mediation is required in respect of (a) the transfer and 
acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct 
of a business or profession, or (b) the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes within, from 
or into The Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing 
an interest in the Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series or Tranche are issued 
outside The Netherlands and are not distributed into The Netherlands in the course of their initial 
distribution or immediately thereafter. In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain 
identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon 
Notes have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive 
form do not qualify as commercial paper traded between professional borrowers and lenders 
within the meaning of the agreement of 2 February 1987, attached to the Royal Decree of 11 
March 1987, (Staatscourant 129) (as amended), each transfer and acceptance should be 
recorded in a transaction Note, including the name and address of each party to the transaction, 
the nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Notes. For the purposes 
of this paragraph "Zero Coupon Notes" means Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute 
a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, it has not 
offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes in the Republic of Italy in a solicitation to the 
public and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all 
Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to "qualified investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, as 
amended); or 
(ii) 
to the extent that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus 
relating to such Notes in an offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of 
publication of such prospectus, provided that such prospectus has been approved in 
another Relevant Member State and notified to CONSOB, all in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the 
"Decree No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
("Regulation No. 11971"), and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of 
approval of such prospectus; or 
(iii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971.

--- Page 141 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 141 - 
55-41027549 
 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 as amended (the "Banking Act"), Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request 
information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 
10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, 
the Prospectus Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to 
public offers of securities. Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the 
Notes are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the 
secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who 
are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be 
entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorized 
person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under 
the Prospectus Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Luxembourg 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") unless 
(i) 
a prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF") pursuant to part II of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on 
prospectuses for securities, which applies the  Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law"), if Luxembourg is the home Member State as defined under the 
Prospectus Regulation; or 
(ii) 
if Luxembourg is not the home Member State as defined under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the CSSF and the European Securities and Markets Authority have been provided by the 
competent authority in the home Member State with a certificate of approval attesting that 
a prospectus in relation to the Notes has been duly approved in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation and with a copy of that prospectus; or 
(iii) 
the offer of Notes benefits from an exemption from, or constitutes a transaction not subject 
to, the requirement to publish a prospectus or similar document under the Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law. 
Republic of France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) 
as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France 
to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes. 
Singapore 
Each of the Dealers has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to

--- Page 142 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 142 - 
55-41027549 
 
be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any 
other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to 
an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 
of Singapore), as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of 
the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that (to best of its knowledge and 
belief) it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes 
or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases 
at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related 
offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a 
result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws 
and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers 
described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or (only in 
case of Notes which are not being offered to the public in a Relevant Member State (other than 
pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Regulation) and not admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 143 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 143 - 
55-41027549 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The continued establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme 
have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Managing Board of LPCorp of 8 March 2022. All 
consents, approvals, authorisations or other orders of all regulatory authorities required by the 
Issuer have been given for the issue of Notes and for the Issuer to undertake and perform their 
obligations under the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Notes. 
2. 
Listing 
Application may be made for the Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext or on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de 
Luxembourg) and any other regulated market within the EEA as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For listing purposes, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange has allocated the number 004439 to the 
Programme. 
3. 
Documents Available 
For the period of twelve (12) months following the publication of this Base Prospectus, copies of 
the following documents will, when published, be available free of charge (i) during normal office 
hours from the registered offices of the Issuer and from the specified office of the Agent and (ii) 
on the website of the Issuer at https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/results-reports-
and-funding-documents: 
(i) 
the deed of incorporation (akte van oprichting) and articles of association (statuten) of the 
Issuer and the English translation thereof (as the same may be updated from time to time); 
(ii) 
the publicly available audited consolidated and unconsolidated annual financial 
statements (including the auditor's reports thereon) for the two most recent financial years 
of LPCorp and the most recently publicly available unaudited interim financial statements 
of LPCorp (in English); 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any further prospectus or prospectus supplement 
prepared by the Issuer for the purpose of updating or amending any information contained 
herein or therein; and 
(iv) 
the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes which are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on any website does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
4. 
Clearing and Settlement Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
the Clearnet S.A. Amsterdam Branch Stock Clearing. The appropriate common code and ISIN 
code for each Tranche allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Clearnet S.A. 
Amsterdam Branch Stock Clearing, and any other relevant security code, will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Significant or Material Change 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no (i) significant change in the financial 
performance or position of the Issuer, or the Issuer and the group of companies headed by the 
Issuer taken as a whole since 31 December 2021, or (ii) material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Issuer, or the Issuer and the group of companies headed by the Issuer taken as a whole 
since 31 December 2021. 
6. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve (12) months preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus, which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the

--- Page 144 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 144 - 
55-41027549 
 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Issuer and the group of companies headed by 
the Issuer taken as a whole. 
7. 
Auditors 
KPMG has audited LPCorp's consolidated and company financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted auditing standards in The Netherlands for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and issued unqualified independent auditor's reports 
thereon. 
The KPMG auditor who signed the financial statements on behalf of KPMG is a member of the 
Dutch Professional Organisation of Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants). KPMG's business address is Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The 
Netherlands. 
KPMG is governed by Dutch law in the Netherlands and is subject to inspection by the AFM. The 
AFM has granted KPMG a license to perform financial statement audits of public interest entities. 
KPMG has given its consent to the inclusion in the Base Prospectus of the incorporation by 
reference of their independent auditor's reports. 
8. 
Post-Issuance Information 
Other than in relation to Green Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance 
information in relation to any issues of Notes. For more information in respect of Green Bonds 
issued by the Issuer, please refer to the LeasePlan Green Finance Framework and any Second 
Party 
Opinion 
available 
on 
the 
following 
webpage: 
https://www.leaseplan.com/corporate/investors/debtholder-centre. The contents of this webpage, 
any Second Party Opinion and the LeasePlan Green Finance Framework do not form part of this 
Base Prospectus, has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM and are not incorporated by 
reference therein. 
9. 
The Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 724500C60L930FVHS484. 
10. 
Tax Consequences 
The tax laws of the investor's Member State and of The Netherlands might have an impact on the 
income received from any Notes. Investors should consult their professional advisers on the tax 
consequences of their acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. 
11. 
Other 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. has been engaged by the Issuer as Paying Agent for the Notes, upon the 
terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Agency Agreement, for the purpose of paying 
sums due on the Notes and of performing all other obligations and duties imposed on it by the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement, ABN AMRO Bank N.V. in its 
capacity of Paying Agent is acting for the Issuer only and will not regard any other person as its 
client in relation to any of the Notes issued under the Programme. Neither ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, as to the accuracy, completeness or fairness of 
the information or opinions described or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, in 
any investor report or for any other statements made or purported to be made either by itself or 
on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the offering of the Notes. Accordingly, ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. disclaims all and any liability, whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise, in respect 
of this Base Prospectus and or any such other statements. 
12. 
Credit Ratings 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/site/definitions, a long-term rating of 'BBB' indicates expectations of 
default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered 
adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. 
Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a 
rating to denote relative status within major rating categories.

--- Page 145 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 145 - 
55-41027549 
 
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, a long-
term rating of 'BBB' indicates that an obligor has adequate capacity to meet its financial 
commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely 
to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. S&P ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' 
may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the 
rating categories. 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
on https://www.moodys.com/ratings-process/Ratings- Definitions/002002, a long-term rating of 
'Baa' indicates obligations that are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit 
risk and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category, the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category. 
13. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their 
affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
14. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve 
months from the date of approval and its validity will expire on 1 April 2023. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 
12-month validity period.

--- Page 146 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 146 - 
55-41027549 
 
 
 [This rest of this page is intentionally left blank]

--- Page 147 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 147 - 
55-41027549 
 
Registered office of the Issuer 
LeasePlan Corporation N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 360 
1082 ME Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
England 
 
Paying agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Legal advisers 
To the Issuer in The Netherlands 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1A 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
To the Dealers in The Netherlands 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
 
Auditor 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
Amsterdam listing agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Arranger 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 148 ---
10220483707-v27 
- 148 - 
55-41027549 
 
Dealers  
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
 France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Danske Bank A/S 
2-12 Holmens Kanal 
DK-1092 Copenhagen K 
Denmark 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France